A series charger (80) is provided to charge a high voltage battery (42) in an electric vehicle with a low voltage solar panel (50). The series charger (80) provides switches (84.sub.1, 84.sub.2) to connect the terminals of solar panel (50) across individual battery cells (34.sub.1-n) in series connected battery (42) one battery cell at a time. Charging by series charger (80) can occur while the cells (34.sub.1-n) of battery (42) remain connected in series. With the series charger (80), the high voltage battery (42) can be charged by the low voltage solar panel (50) without using a lossy DC-DC converter. The high voltage battery (42) charged by series charger (80) can be connected in parallel with a second high voltage battery to enable charging all cells of the second battery together. The solar panel (50) can be provided in a moon roof or truck bed cover adjustable to track the sun.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar battery charging system for a vehicle comprising: an electric vehicle drive motor for braking and propelling the vehicle; a battery connected to the electric vehicle drive motor, the battery comprising a plurality of series connected battery cells; a solar panel having an output voltage lower than the voltage of the battery; and a series charger comprising: switches that selectively connect terminals of the solar panel in parallel with each of the series connected battery cells; and a switch controller configured to control the switches to separately connect the solar panel in parallel with one of the plurality of battery cells at a time such that the solar panel is directly connected with the one of the plurality of battery cells without coupled through a transformer, while each of the plurality of battery cells remains connected in series, and while the electric vehicle drive motor can act as a generator to supply power to the battery during braking or a load to draw power from the battery during the propelling of the vehicle. 2. The solar battery charging system of claim 1, further comprising: an AC plug in power source connection having an output voltage when converted to DC lower than the voltage of the battery; and an AC-DC converter connecting the AC plug in power source connection to the series charger, the AC-DC converter further connecting to the switches of the series charger so that the output of the AC-DC converter is connected to connections for the solar panel to provide charge to the battery cells, one of the cells at a time. 3. The solar battery charging system of claim 1, wherein the switches comprise one or more of tri-state buffers, relays, and transistor pass gates. 4. The solar battery charging system of claim 1, wherein the series charger further comprises: a timer, wherein the controller is connected to the timer, the solar controller configured to cause the switches to connect the solar panel to different ones of the battery cells at predetermined time intervals measured using the timer. 5. The solar battery charging system of claim 1, wherein the series charger further comprises: a battery charge monitor, wherein the controller is connected to the battery charge monitor, the solar controller programmed to cause the switches to connect the solar panel to different ones of the battery cells at a predetermined charge level as measured from the battery charge monitor. 6. A solar battery charging system for a vehicle comprising: an electric vehicle motor for braking and propelling the vehicle; a battery connected to the electric vehicle motor, the battery comprising a plurality of series connected battery cells; a solar panel having an output voltage lower than the voltage of the battery; and a series charger comprising a controller configured to connect the terminals of the solar panel in parallel with one of the plurality of battery cells such that the solar panel is directly connected with the one of the plurality of battery cells without being coupled through a transformer, while the plurality of battery cells remain connected in series, and while the electric vehicle drive motor can act as a generator to supply power to the battery during the braking or a load to draw power from the battery during the propelling of the vehicle. 7. A method of charging a vehicle with an electric motor comprising: controlling the electric motor to brake and propel the vehicle; providing a battery connected to the electric motor, the battery having a plurality of series connected battery cells; providing a solar panel having an output voltage lower than the voltage of the battery; and connecting the terminals of the solar panel in parallel with one of the plurality of battery cells such that the solar panel is directly connected with the one of the plurality of battery cells without being coupled through a transformer, while the plurality of battery cells remain connected in series, and while the electric vehicle drive motor acts as a generator to supply power to the battery during the braking or a load to draw power from the battery during the propelling of the vehicle. 