A portable PV modular solar generator. A plurality of wheels are attached to the bottom of a rechargeable battery container. At least one rechargeable battery is contained inside the rechargeable battery container. A power conditioning panel is connected to the rechargeable battery container. At least one photovoltaic panel is pivotally connected. In a preferred embodiment, the rechargeable battery container is a waterproof battery enclosure having a knife switch connection. A mast having a rotation bar is supported by the waterproof battery enclosure. At least one solar panel support brace for supporting the photovoltaic panel is attached to the rotation bar. The power conditioning panel is waterproof, is attached to the mast and has a door. When the door is opened, at least one safety switch is opened, breaking an electric circuit. The waterproof power conditioning panel has a charge controller and an inverter. The charge controller is electrically connected to at least one rechargeable battery and at least one photovoltaic panel, and is capable or receiving auxiliary power inputs.
Claims We claim: 1. A portable PV modular solar generator, comprising: A) a rechargeable battery container, B) a plurality of wheels attached to the bottom of said rechargeable battery container, C) at least one rechargeable battery contained inside said rechargeable battery container, D) a power conditioning panel connected to said rechargeable battery container, and E) at least one pivotally connected photovoltaic panel, wherein said portable PV modular solar generator has automatic positioning capability. 2. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 1, wherein said portable PV modular solar generator supplies energy to at least one AC main panel, wherein said AC main panel receives generated energy from a utility grid, wherein said portable PV modular solar generator further comprises a computer for monitoring the status of said utility grid, wherein said computer is capable of disconnecting said utility grid from said AC main panel when said utility grid is not energized and said computer is capable of connecting said utility grid to said AC main panel when said utility grid is energized. 3. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 1, further comprising a programmable circuit selection panel. 4. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 3, wherein said programmable circuit selection panel comprises: A) a computer, B) an actuator controlled by said computer, C) a plurality of circuit activation switches controlled by said actuator, wherein said computer is programmed to cause said actuator to control the opening and closing of said plurality of circuit activation switches based on the time of day. 5. A portable PV modular solar generator, comprising: A) a rechargeable battery container, B) a plurality of wheels attached to the bottom of said rechargeable battery container, C) at least one rechargeable battery contained inside said rechargeable battery container, D) a power conditioning panel connected to said rechargeable battery container, and E) at least one pivotally connected photovoltaic panel wherein said at least one rechargeable battery is at least two rechargeable batteries, said portable PV modular solar generator further comprising at least one quick-release battery connection device for connecting said at least two rechargeable batteries. 6. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 5, wherein said at least one quick-release battery connection device comprises: A) a cam clip, B) a cam tension adjustment nut connected to said cam clip, and C) a cam tension adjustment strap connected to said cam tension adjustment nut. 7. A portable PV modular solar generator, comprising: A) a rechargeable battery container, B) a plurality of wheels attached to the bottom of said rechargeable battery container, C) at least one rechargeable battery contained inside said rechargeable battery container, D) a power conditioning panel connected to said rechargeable battery container, E) at least one pivotally connected photovoltaic panel, and F) a remotely controlled drive device for positioning said portable PV modular solar generator, wherein said remotely controlled device is connected to the bottom of said portable PV modular solar generator. 8. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 7, further comprising a remote control unit to remotely control said remotely controlled device, said remote control unit comprising: A) a manual setting, B) a remote control setting, and C) a automatic setting. 9. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 1, wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel is a plurality of photovoltaic panels, wherein said automatic positioning capability comprises: A) a plurality of drive wheels, B) a drive motor connected to said plurality of drive wheels, and C) a computer in electrical communication with said drive motor and with said plurality of photovoltaic panels, wherein values corresponding to generated solar energy levels are sent from each of said plurality of photovoltaic panels to said computer, wherein said computer computes an energy gradient between each of said plurality of photovoltaic panels, wherein said computer sends a signal to said drive motor to drive said drive wheels to automatically position said portable PV modular solar generator. 10. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, further comprising a mast connected to said rechargeable battery container, wherein said mast comprises a rotation bar, wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel is pivotally connected via said rotation bar. 11. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, wherein said plurality of wheels attached to the bottom of said rechargeable battery container are pivotally attached. 12. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, wherein said at least one rechargeable battery contained inside said rechargeable battery container is sixteen rechargeable batteries. 13. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, wherein said at least one rechargeable battery contained inside said rechargeable battery container is at least one lead acid battery. 14. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, wherein said at least one rechargeable battery contained inside said rechargeable battery container is at least one fuel cell. 15. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, wherein said rechargeable battery container is a waterproof battery enclosure. 16. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 15, further comprising a mast supported by said waterproof battery enclosure, wherein said mast comprises a rotation bar, wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel is pivotally connected via said rotation bar. 17. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 15, wherein said rechargeable battery container further comprises a knife switch connection. 18. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, wherein said power conditioning panel comprises at least one electrical component. 19. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 18, wherein said at least one electrical component comprises: A) a charge controller electrically connected to said at least one photovoltaic panel and said at least one rechargeable battery, and B) an inverter electrically connected to said charge controller. 20. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, wherein said power conditioning panel is waterproof. 21. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, wherein said power conditioning panel comprises: A) a door, and B) at least one safety switch that opens breaking an electrical circuit when said door is opened. 22. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel is four photovoltaic panels. 23. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, further comprising at least one solar panel support brace wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel is supported by said at least one solar panel support brace. 24. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 9, further comprising an auxiliary power input device. 25. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 23, wherein said solar panel support brace comprises at least one spring loaded expansion bar. 26. A portable PV modular solar generator, comprising: A) a rechargeable battery container, B) a plurality of wheels attached to the bottom of said rechargeable battery container, C) at least one rechargeable battery contained inside said rechargeable battery container, D) a power conditioning panel connected to said rechargeable battery container, E) at least one pivotally connected photovoltaic panel, and F) a mast cap, and G) a mast cap lid, comprising: 1) at least one electromagnetic lock for locking said mast cap lid to said mast cap. 27. The portable PV modular solar generator as in claim 26, further comprising at least one ventilation fan attached to said mast cap lid. 