Systems, methods and apparatus are provided through which an apparatus located on an airfield provides information to pilots in aircraft on the ground and simultaneously gathers information on the motion and position of the aircraft for controllers.
Claims We claim: 1. An apparatus to display air traffic control messages and monitor movement at airport surface pathways, the apparatus comprising: a runway intersection display and monitor (RIDAM) comprising: electrical circuitry; at least one alphanumeric display being electrically coupled to the electrical circuitry; at least one stop/go signal light being electrically coupled to the electrical circuitry; at least one short range proximity detection device operable to detect movement within a short range proximity and being electrically coupled to the electrical circuitry; and a power management unit being electrically coupled to the electrical circuitry and a ground traffic control system integrated with the RIDAM, the ground traffic control system including a universal communication (UNICOM) facility and an automated surface observing system (ASOS) facility. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the RIDAM further comprises: a pyramid shape. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the RIDAM further comprises: at least one digital radio-frequency (RF) communications transceiver being electrically coupled to the electrical circuitry. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the digital radio-frequency (RF) communications transceiver further comprises: at least one digital radio-frequency (RF) communications transceiver being operable to transmit and receive encrypted signals. 5. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the digital radio-frequency (RF) communications transceiver further comprises: at least one digital radio-frequency (RF) communications transceiver being operable to detect persistent interference with another transceiver and being operable to coordinate a mutual frequency change with the other transceiver. 6. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the digital radio-frequency (RF) communications transceiver further comprises: at least one digital radio-frequency (RF) communications transceiver operable to transceive in spread-spectrum and pulse code modulation. 7. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the digital radio-frequency (RF) communications transceiver further comprises: conventional cellular phone integrated circuits. 8. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the digital radio-frequency (RF) communications transceiver further comprises: conventional cable modem integrated circuits. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one alphanumeric display further comprises: at least one alphanumeric display that is operable to display air traffic control text messages, the air traffic control text messages further comprising HOLD, PROCEED, CLEARED and RETURN. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one stop/go signal light further comprises: at least one red/green light. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the electrical circuitry further comprises: at least one processor. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the processor further comprises: at least one command and telemetry processor. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the RIDAM further comprises: at least one solar panel being electrically coupled to the electrical circuitry; and at least one backup battery being electrically coupled to the electrical circuitry. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the RIDAM is operable to receive power from an existing external power system. 15. An air traffic control system comprising: a runway-intersection-display-and-monitor comprising: electrical circuitry; at least one alphanumeric display being electrically coupled to the electrical circuitry; and at least one short range proximity detection device operable to detect surface movement of aircraft taxiing towards a departure end of an active runway and being electrically coupled to the electrical circuitry; at least one stop/go signal light being electrically coupled to the runway-intersection-display-and-monitor and mounted on top of the runway-intersection-display-and-monitor; and a ground traffic control system integrated with the runway-intersection-display-and-monitor, the ground traffic control system including a universal communication facility and an automated surface observing system facility that is operable to report information regarding the surface movement of aircraft taxiing towards the departure end of the active runway. 16. The system of claim 15 further comprising a digital radio-frequency communications transceiver that further comprises: at least one digital radio-frequency communications transceiver being operable to transmit and receive encrypted signals. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the at least one alphanumeric display further comprises: at least one alphanumeric display that is operable to display air traffic control text messages, the air traffic control text messages further comprising HOLD, PROCEED, CLEARED and RETURN. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein the at least one stop/go signal light further comprises: at least one red/green light. 19. The system of claim 16, wherein the runway-intersection-display-and-monitor further comprises: at least one solar panel being electrically coupled to the electrical circuitry; and at least one backup battery being electrically coupled to the electrical circuitry. 20. An air traffic control system comprising: a runway-intersection-display-and-monitor comprising: electrical circuitry; at least one alphanumeric display being electrically coupled to the electrical circuitry; and at least one short range proximity detection device operable to detect movement within a short range proximity and being electrically coupled to the electrical circuitry; at least one stop/go signal light being electrically coupled to the runway-intersection-display-and-monitor and mounted on top of the runway-intersection-display-and-monitor; and a ground traffic control system integrated with the runway-intersection-display-and-monitor, the ground traffic control system including a universal communication facility and an automated surface observing system facility. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein the runway-intersection-display-and-monitor further comprises: a pyramid shape. 22. The system of claim 21, wherein the runway-intersection-display-and-monitor further comprises: at least one digital radio-frequency communications transceiver being electrically coupled to the electrical circuitry. 23. The system of claim 22, wherein the digital radio-frequency communications transceiver further comprises: at least one digital radio-frequency communications transceiver being operable to transmit and receive encrypted signals. 24. The system of claim 21, wherein the digital radio-frequency communications transceiver further comprises: at least one digital radio-frequency communications transceiver being operable to detect persistent interference with another transceiver and being operable to coordinate a mutual frequency change with the other transceiver. 