The emergency signal device includes an emergency key on the phone, an independent IC chip set controlling the emergency functions, a dedicated memory chip for emergency information and a by-passing outlet to the cell phone's transmitting parts. It is further provided that the device includes a global positioning system (GPS) receiver, so that the person in danger may always be located. This device utilizes rechargeable solar cells to provide energy. All of its components are powered by a solar cell or solar cell charged battery.
Claims What I claim is: 1. An improved cell phone having conventional modules including a transceiver and a first rechargeable battery, the improvement comprising: an emergency signal device comprising: an emergency key; an independent control circuit containing a processor, coupled with said emergency key; a dedicated memory coupled with said processor; a GPS receiving part coupled with said control circuit; one or more solar cells, electrically connected with said control circuit; and coupled with a second rechargeable battery operatively coupled with said control circuit for use only in connection with the emergency signal device to ensure that the emergency signal device has battery power available for use even if the first rechargeable battery has no available battery power. 2. The cell phone of claim 1, wherein said control circuit is coupled with said transceiver. 3. The cell phone of claim 1, wherein said GPS receiving part is a removable external GPS receiver. 4. The cell phone of claim 1, further comprising: an independent transmitting part coupled with said control circuit and a corresponding antenna. 5. The cell phone of claim 1, wherein said emergency key is placed at an upper portion of a keypad of said cell phone. 6. The cell phone of claim 1, wherein said solar cell is placed on a surface portion of said cell phone. 7. The cell phone of claim 1, wherein said memory has different sections for different emergency information. 8. The cell phone of claim 1, wherein said memory is a flash memory. 9. The cell phone of claim 1, further comprising: one or more interfaces coupled with cell phone modules including key pad, microphone and/or camera. 10. A method of providing emergency service by using the cell phone including the first rechargeable battery as defined by claim 1 comprising the steps of: a) providing said emergency signal cell phone to a user; b) providing a second rechargeable battery operatively coupled with said control circuit of said emergency signal device for use only in connection with the emergency signal device to ensure that the emergency signal device has battery power available for use even if the first rechargeable battery has no available power; c) providing a cellular communication system for said emergency signal cell phone; d) providing an emergency center monitoring emergency signals transmitted from the emergency signal cell phone; e) generating an emergency signal generated by said emergency signal device; f) processing said emergency signal generated by said emergency signal device to acquire emergency information; and g) deploying service personnel for emergency rescue. 11. An emergency signal device for use with a mobile phone having a first rechargeable battery comprising: an emergency key; a control circuit containing a processor, coupled with said emergency key; a memory chip coupled with said processor; a GPS receiving part coupled with said control circuit; a transmitting unit coupled with said control circuit; an antenna for said transmitting unit; and one or more solar cells coupled with a second rechargeable battery, electrically connected with said control circuit for use only with the emergency signal device to ensure that the emergency signal device has battery power available for use even if the first rechargeable battery has no available battery power. 12. The emergency signal device of claim 11, wherein said transmitting unit and corresponding antenna are adapted to transmit to a satellite communication system. 13. The emergency signal device of claim 11, wherein said transmitting unit and corresponding antenna are adapted to transmit to a short wave radio communication system. 14. The emergency signal device of claim 11, wherein said memory chip and said GPS receiving part are removable parts. 15. The emergency signal device of claim 11, wherein said control circuit further comprises an independent timer coupled with said emergency key and said solar cell. 16. The emergency signal device of claim 11, wherein said control circuit further comprises an independent timer coupled with said processor and said solar cell. 17. A method of providing emergency service by using the emergency signal device as in claim 11 comprising the steps of: a) providing said emergency signal device to a user; b) providing a second rechargeable battery operatively coupled with said control circuit of said emergency signal device for use only in connection with the emergency signal device to ensure that the emergency signal device has battery power available for use even if the first rechargeable battery has no available power; c) utilizing a satellite or a radio communication system for said emergency signal device; d) providing an emergency center monitoring emergency signals transmitted from the emergency signal device; e) generating an emergency signal generated by said emergency signal device; f) processing said emergency signal generated by said emergency signal device to acquire emergency information; and g) deploying service personnel for emergency rescue. 