A mounting system that is used to mount a solar panel array to a flat roof. The system utilizes mounting supports that hold solar panels at an inclined angle. Each mounting support includes a first mounting ledge, a second mounting ledge, a flat base section and an inclined section that is disposed between the flat base section and the first mounting ledge. The first mounting ledge, second mounting ledge, flat base section and inclined section are all integrally formed from a common sheet of metal. A solar panel is attached between two of the mounting supports. Once mounted, the solar panel extends from the first mounting ledge of a first mounting support to a second mounting ledge of a second mounting support. Weights are then placed on the flat base section of the mounting supports to passively anchor the assembly to the roof.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of mounting solar panels to a roof, comprising the steps of: providing a first solar panel and a second solar panel; providing a mounting support, wherein said mounting support is a single sheet of metal selectively bent to form, a first mounting ledge; a second mounting ledge; a flat base section, disposed between said first mounting ledge and said second mounting ledge; and an inclined section disposed between said flat base section and said first mounting ledge; attaching said first mounting ledge from said mounting support to said first solar panel; attaching said second mounting ledge from said mounting support to said second solar panel, therein positioning said flat base section in between said first solar panel and said second solar panel; placing weights on said flat base section of said mounting support on said roof. 2. A solar panel array, comprising: a plurality of solar panels arranged in parallel panel rows, wherein each of said plurality of solar panels is inclined at an angle of inclination and has an upper panel edge and a lower panel edge; a plurality of mounting supports for supporting said plurality of solar panels at said angle of inclination, each of said plurality of mounting supports being a single sheet of metal selectively bent to form a first mounting ledge, a second mounting ledge, a weight trough and an inclined section disposed between said weight trough and said first mounting ledge wherein each said weight trough has a first side, a second side and a flat base extending between said first side and said second side; wherein said first mounting ledge supports said upper panel edge of a one of said plurality of solar panels and said second mounting ledge supports said lower panel edge of a different one of said plurality of solar panels, therein positioning each said weight trough in parallel between each of said parallel panel rows; and ballast weights disposed within said weight trough of at least some of said mounting supports. 3. The solar panel array according to claim 2, wherein said first mounting ledge and said second mounting ledge extend in parallel planes. 4. The solar panel array according to claim 3, wherein said first mounting ledge extends from a first edge of said common sheet of metal to a first bend. 5. The solar panel array according to claim 4, wherein first side includes an inclined section that extends from said first bend in said common sheet of metal to a second bend. 6. The solar panel array according to claim 5, wherein said first side terminates with a third bend at said flat base. 7. The solar panel array according to claim 6, wherein said flat base section extends from said third bend in said common sheet of metal to a fourth bend. 8. The solar panel array according to claim 6, wherein said second side wall extends from said fourth bend in said common sheet of metal to a fifth bend. 9. The solar panel array according to claim 6, wherein said second mounting ledge extends from said fifth bend in said common sheet of metal to a second edge. 10. A solar panel, array, comprising: a plurality of solar panels arranged in parallel panel rows, wherein each of said plurality of solar panels is inclined at an angle of inclination and has an upper panel edge and a lower panel edge; a plurality of mounting supports for supporting said plurality of solar panels at said angle of inclination, said plurality of mounting supports being a single sheet of metal selectively bent to form a first mounting ledge, a second mounting ledge, a weight trough and an inclined section disposed between said weight trough and said first mounting ledge defining weight troughs, wherein each of said weight trough troughs has a first side, a second side, and a flat base extending between said first side and said second side; wherein said first side of each of said weight troughs mounting ledge supports said upper panel edge of a one of said plurality of solar panels and said second side of each of said weight troughs mounting ledge supports said lower panel edge of a different one of said plurality of solar panels, therein positioning each said weight trough troughs in parallel between each of said parallel panel rows wherein each of said plurality of mounting supports is a single sheet of metal selectively bent to form said first side, said second side and said flat base. 11. The solar panel array according to claim 10, further including removable weights placed within at least some of said weight troughs. 