Formation of stretchable photovoltaic devices and carriers is described. In some examples, a formation method includes: forming a stretchable carrier including a stretchable part having a given length, the given length being operable to change in response to a force being applied to the stretchable carrier; depositing a photovoltaic cell over a surface of the stretchable carrier; and interconnecting the photovoltaic cell to output terminals.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of forming a stretchable photovoltaic device, comprising: depositing at least one of metal or plastic over a form to form a stretchable carrier including a stretchable part having a given length, the given length being operable to change in response to a force being applied to the stretchable carrier; depositing a photovoltaic cell over a surface of the stretchable carrier; and interconnecting the photovoltaic cell to output terminals. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the stretchable part comprises at least one corrugation, and wherein the at least one of the metal or the plastic is deposited over the form so as to make a foil in the form of the at least one corrugation. 3. A method of forming a stretchable photovoltaic device, comprising: forming a stretchable carrier including a stretchable part having a given length, the given length being operable to change in response to a force being applied to the stretchable carrier; depositing a photovoltaic cell over a surface of the stretchable carrier by forming a photovoltaic stack having a junction of n-type and p-type semiconductor layers; and wherein forming the photovoltaic stack comprises: depositing a back-contact layer; depositing the n-type and p-type semiconductor layers over the back-contact layer; depositing a front-contact layer over the n-type and the p-type semiconductor layers; and forming first and second conductors coupled to the front-contact layer and the back-contact layer, respectively. 4. The method of claim 3, further comprising: providing output terminals; and depositing metal to form connections between the first and second conductors and first and second ones of the output terminals, respectively. 5. The method of claim 3, further comprising: providing output terminals; and forming wire-bonds between the first and second conductors and first and second ones of the output terminals, respectively. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of forming the stretchable carrier comprises: forming a mounting site coupled to the stretchable part, wherein the mounting site defines the surface to which to affix the photovoltaic cell. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the step of forming the stretchable carrier comprises: forming an aperture disposed adjacent to the mounting site and the stretchable part. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the stretchable part comprises first and second stretchable parts, and wherein the first stretchable part is oriented orthogonally to the second stretchable part. 9. A method of forming a stretchable photovoltaic device, comprising: forming a stretchable carrier including a mounting site and a stretchable part including at least one of corrugated foil, corrugated plastic, a spring, an elastic band, a hinge, or a rail; forming a photovoltaic cell; combining the photovoltaic cell with the stretchable carrier; and interconnecting the photovoltaic cell to output terminals. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the step of forming the stretchable carrier comprises: depositing at least one of metal or plastic over a form so as to make a foil in the form of the stretchable part and the mounting site. 11. The method of claim 9, wherein the step of forming the stretchable carrier comprises: forming at least one of metal or plastic in a first foil to form the stretchable part; forming at least one metal or plastic in a second foil to form the mounting site; and joining the first foil and the second foil. 12. The method of claim 9, wherein the step of forming the at least one photovoltaic cell comprises: forming a photovoltaic stack on a substrate, the photovoltaic stack having a junction of n-type and p-type semiconductor layers. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the step of forming the photovoltaic stack comprises: depositing a back-contact layer; depositing the n-type and p-type semiconductor layers over the back-contact layer; depositing a front-contact layer over the n-type and the p-type semiconductor layers; and forming first and second conductors coupled to the front-contact layer and the back-contact layer, respectively. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the step of interconnecting comprises: depositing metal to form connections between the first and second conductors and first and second ones of the output terminals, respectively. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein the step of interconnecting comprises: forming wire-bonds between the first and second conductors and first and second ones of the output terminals, respectively. 16. The method of claim 9, wherein the step of combining the photovoltaic cell with the stretchable carrier comprises: attaching the photovoltaic cell to the mounting site. 17. The method of claim 9, wherein the step of combining the photovoltaic cell with the stretchable carrier comprises: attaching a pedestal or spacer to the mounting site; and attaching the photovoltaic cell to the pedestal or spacer. 18. The method of claim 9, wherein the stretchable part comprises first and second stretchable parts, and wherein the first stretchable part is oriented orthogonally to the second stretchable part. 