A heating and cooling system to maintain an area at a desired temperature including a thermoelectric device (102), a vapor compression system (106), and a control system (104) operably connected to the thermoelectric device (102) and the vapor compression system (106).
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A heating and cooling system to maintain an area at a desired temperature comprising: a thermoelectric device; a vapor compression system; a control system operably connected to said thermoelectric device and said vapor compression system and having temperature sensors for monitoring a temperature of the area, wherein said control system activates said vapor compression system when said thermal load in the area is greater than an operating load, and wherein said control system activates said thermoelectric device when said thermal load in the area is less than said operating load; and a power supply connected to said thermoelectric device and said vapor compression system; wherein said power supply is selected from the group consisting of a power grid, a fuel cell, a fuel or heat driven generator, internal combustion, solar electricity, battery bank, and any combination thereof. 2. A heating and cooling system to maintain an area at a desired temperature comprising: a thermoelectric device; a vapor compression system: a control system operably connected to said thermoelectric device and said vapor compression system and having temperature sensors for monitoring a temperature of the area, wherein said control system activates said vapor compression system when said thermal load in the area is greater than an operating load, and wherein said control system activates said thermoelectric device when said thermal load in the area is less than said operating load; wherein said operating load is 1 kilowatt. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein said control system deactivates said vapor compression system (when said thermal load is less than 1 kilowatt. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein said vapor compression system comprises a compressor, an evaporator, and a condensor. 5. A heating and cooling system to maintain an area at a desired temperature comprising: a thermoelectric device; a vapor compression system: a control system operably connected to said thermoelectric device and said vapor compression system and having temperature sensors for monitoring a temperature of the area, wherein said control system activates said vapor compression system when said thermal load in the area is greater than an operating load, and wherein said control system activates said thermoelectric device when said thermal load in the area is less than said operating load; wherein said control system determines said thermal load based upon data from said temperature sensors and a user's input of the desired temperature. 6. A heating and cooling system to maintain an area at a desired temperature comprising: a thermoelectric device; a vapor compression system; a control system operably connected to said thermoelectric device and said vapor compression system and having temperature sensors for monitoring a temperature of the area, wherein said control system activates said vapor compression system when said thermal load in the area is greater than an operating load, and wherein said control system activates said thermoelectric device when said thermal load in the area is less than said operating load; wherein said vapor compression system and one or more of said thermoelectric device are stand alone systems operated independently or in tandem to meet said thermal load. 7. A heating and cooling system to maintain an area at a desired temperature comprising: a thermoelectric device; a vapor compression system; a control system operably connected to said thermoelectric device and said vapor compression system and having temperature sensors for monitoring a temperature of the area, wherein said control system activates said vapor compression system when said thermal load in the area is greater than an operating load, and wherein said control system activates said thermoelectric device when said thermal load in the area is less than said operating load; wherein said thermoelectric device utilizes a cooling loop of said vapor compression system to remove heat generated by said thermoelectric device during a cooling mode system operation. 8. A method of heating and cooling an area to a desired temperature comprising: monitoring a temperature of the area; comparing said temperature to the desired temperature; determining an adjustment load based upon a comparison of said temperature and the desired temperature; activating a vapor compression system to meet said adjustment load when said adjustment load is greater than or equal to a predetermined load; and activating a thermoelectric device to meet said adjustment load when said adjustment load is less than said predetermined load. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising inputting the desired temperature. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising inputting said predetermined load. 11. The method of claim 8, further comprising deactivating said vapor compression system upon said adjustment load being less than said predetermined load. 12. The method of claim 8, further comprising deactivating said thermoelectric device upon said adjustment load being greater than said predetermined load. 13. The method of claim 8, further comprising providing power to both said thermoelectric device and said vapor compression system from a single power supply. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein said power supply is selected from the group consisting of a power grid, a fuel cell, fuel or heat driven generator, internal combustion, solar electricity, batter bank, and any combination thereof. 15. The method of claim 8, wherein said predetermined load is 1 kilowatt 16. The method of claim 8, wherein said vapor compression system uses vapor compression heating and/or cooling generated by a condenser, a compressor, and a evaporator connected to each other. 