A solar powered lighting unit is affixed to a railing system to project illuminating light from the railing system. Solar powered light assemblies each have a light receptor and a light emitter placed in a linear array along a housing molded of a synthetic polymeric material. Gripping members preferably are molded unitary with the housing and are resiliently flexible so as to engage a selected member of the railing system to urge gripping surfaces against the selected member for ready attachment of the housing to the railing system. The gripping members grip the selected structural member to affix the housing to the railing system with the light receptors in position to receive impinging solar light and with the light emitters in position to emit illuminating light from the railing system.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows: 1. A solar powered lighting unit for affixation to a selected structural member of a railing system to project illuminating light from the selected structural member, the selected structural member having a portion of predetermined configuration and dimensions, the solar powered lighting unit comprising: a housing having an obverse light area and a reverse basal area; at least one solar powered light assembly within the housing, the solar powered light assembly including a solar light receptor along the obverse light area for receiving solar light impinging upon the housing, and a light emitter for emitting illuminating light from the housing; and a mounting arrangement for affixing the housing to the selected structural member, the mounting arrangement including a basal gripping surface extending along the reverse basal area and being dimensioned and configured for engaging a first portion of the selected structural member, and gripping members integral with the housing and having further gripping surfaces dimensioned and configured for engaging further portions of the selected structural member, the gripping members being resiliently flexible with respect to the basal gripping surface for urging resilient conformance of the further gripping surfaces generally to corresponding further portions of the selected structural member, while urging the basal gripping surface into gripping engagement with the first portion of the selected structural member such that upon engagement of respective gripping surfaces with the first portion and corresponding further portions of the selected structural member, the gripping members will grip the selected structural member to affix the housing to the railing system with the light receptor in position to receive impinging solar light and with the light emitter in position to emit illuminating light from the railing system. 2. The solar powered lighting unit of claim 1 wherein the selected structural member has a generally rectangular cross-sectional configuration and four perimetric faces, the basal gripping surface has a generally rectangular configuration extending longitudinally along the housing and laterally across the housing, and the gripping members extend from the basal gripping surface in a generally altitudinal direction such that upon mounting of the housing on the selected structural member, the basal gripping surface and the further gripping surfaces will extend along three adjacent ones of the four perimetric faces. 3. The solar powered lighting unit of claim 2 including supplemental securing members extending from the gripping members for being wrapped over a fourth one of the four perimetric faces and attached to one another to further secure the housing to the selected structural member. 4. The solar lighting unit of claim 2 wherein the gripping members extend from the basal gripping surface in a direction generally normal to the basal gripping surface. 5. The solar lighting unit of claim 4 including supplemental securing members extending from the gripping members for being wrapped over a fourth one of the four perimetric sides and attached to one another to further secure the housing to the selected structural member. 6. The solar lighting unit of claim 5 wherein the supplemental securing members comprise flexible straps integral with the gripping members. 7. The solar lighting unit of claim 2 including a gripping configuration extending along each of the further gripping surfaces. 8. The solar lighting unit of claim 7 including a further gripping configuration extending along the basal gripping surface. 9. The solar lighting unit of claim 8 wherein the gripping configuration and the further gripping configuration comprise serrations extending longitudinally along the basal gripping surface and longitudinally along the further gripping surfaces. 10. The solar lighting unit of claim 2 wherein the housing has a generally parallelepiped configuration including laterally opposite sides extending between longitudinally opposite ends, the gripping members extend longitudinally between the opposite ends, and the gripping members are resiliently flexible in lateral directions toward and away from one another. 11. The solar lighting unit of claim 10 wherein the housing is molded of a synthetic polymeric material, the gripping members being unitary with the laterally opposite sides of the parallelepiped configuration. 12. The solar lighting unit of claim 1 including a plurality of solar powered light assemblies placed in a linear array along the obverse light area. 13. The solar lighting unit of claim 12 wherein the selected structural member has a generally rectangular cross-sectional configuration and four perimetric faces, the basal gripping surface has a generally rectangular configuration extending longitudinally along the housing and laterally across the housing, and the gripping members extend from the basal gripping surface in a generally altitudinal direction such that upon mounting of the housing on the selected structural member, the basal gripping surface and the further gripping surfaces will extend along three adjacent ones of the four perimetric faces. 14. The solar lighting unit of claim 13 wherein the housing has a generally parallelepiped configuration including laterally opposite sides extending between longitudinally opposite ends, the gripping members extend longitudinally between the opposite ends, and the gripping members are resiliently flexible in lateral directions toward and away from one another. 15. The solar lighting unit of claim 14 wherein the housing is molded of a synthetic polymeric material, the gripping members being unitary with the laterally opposite sides of the parallelepiped configuration. 16. A method for providing an outdoor railing system with illuminating light during darkness hours, the method comprising: providing at least one solar powered lighting unit for affixation to a selected structural member of the railing system, the solar powered lighting unit including a housing having an obverse light area, a reverse basal area, and at least one solar powered light assembly within the housing, the solar powered light assembly including a solar light receptor along the obverse light area for receiving solar light impinging upon the housing, and a light emitter for emitting illuminating light from the housing, a basal gripping surface extending along the reverse basal area and being dimensioned and configured for engaging a first portion of the selected structural member, and gripping members integral with the housing and having further gripping surfaces dimensioned and configured for engaging further portions of the selected structural member, the gripping members being resiliently flexible with respect to the basal gripping surface; and engaging the housing with the selected structural member to urge resilient conformance of the further gripping surfaces generally to corresponding further portions of the selected structural member, while urging the basal gripping surface into gripping engagement with the first portion of the selected structural member such that upon completing engagement of respective gripping surfaces with the first portion and corresponding further portions of the selected structural member, the gripping members will grip the selected structural member to affix the housing to the railing system with the light receptor in position to receive impinging solar light and with the light emitter in position to emit illuminating light from the railing system. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein the selected structural member has a generally rectangular cross-sectional configuration bounded by four perimetric faces, the basal gripping surface has a generally rectangular configuration extending longitudinally along the housing and laterally across the housing, and the gripping members extend from the basal gripping surface in a generally altitudinal direction such that upon engaging the housing with the selected structural member, the housing is moved in the altitudinal direction, and the basal gripping surface and the further gripping surfaces are extended along three adjacent ones of the four perimetric faces. 