The flashing stern light for boats includes an elongated tubular base, a light source housing mounted on top of the base, a light source disposed inside the housing, an array of light emitting elements disposed along a length of the base, and wiring adapted to operative connect to a power source and/or control, wherein the array of light emitting elements flash sequentially in a pattern to thereby draw attention to the light source, warn and emphasize proximity and presence of the boat. The flashing lights enhances visibility of the boat at night and in reduced visibility conditions.
Claims I claim: 1. A flashing stern light for boats, comprising: an elongated base adapted for detachable mounting to the stern of a boat, the base being opaque and having an outer surface, a top and bottom; a primary light source housing disposed at the top of the base, wherein the primary light source housing is transparent and configured to permit 360.degree. emission of light; a primary light source disposed in the housing, wherein the primary light source is a globe bulb emitting white light; a vertical array of selectively actuatable flashing secondary light sources disposed below the housing, the array of secondary light sources further includes a substantially rectangular mounting bracket and the secondary light sources being arranged on the mounting bracket wherein the light sources are disposed on the outer surface of the elongated base and define the sole light source on the base below the primary light source, whereby the array of lights is directed towards the rear of the boat upon placement of the light at the stem of the boat; and wiring connecting both the primary and secondary light sources to a power source and/or control; wherein the secondary light sources are selectively actuated in a predetermined sequence of patterns to draw attention to the primary light source and the boat's proximity so that potential collision may be averted. 2. The flashing stem light for boats according to claim 1, wherein the secondary light sources are LEDs. 3. The flashing stem light for boats according to claim 1, wherein the secondary light sources are discrete light emitting elements. 4. The flashing stem light for boats according to claim 1, wherein the secondary light sources emit colored light. 5. The flashing stem light for boats according to claim 1, wherein the power source is selected from the group of boat electrical power, separate battery or solar energy. 6. The flashing stem light for boats according to claim 1, wherein the array of lights flash in a predetermined sequence. 7. The flashing stern light for boats according to claim 1, wherein the mounting bracket is disposed on the outer surface of the elongated base. 