The invention involves a material handling apparatus tracking system that uses cellular communications to send and receive information between the apparatus and a network. The cellular communication devices operate in radio frequency rich environments and contain additional communications capabilities. The apparatus compartments capable of enclosing electronic devices populated with a plurality of components to provide track and trace functionality and various levels of granularity. Sensors and actuators are used in connection with the material handling apparatus.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A monitoring system for articles having attached RFID transponders transported and stored on a mobile plastic material handling apparatus comprising: a molded plastic body having a surface for carrying the articles and a support structure spaced apart horizontally from the surface, said molded plastic body including a chamber having sufficient size to carry at least one wireless device, a cover to close the compartment and to activate the wireless device contained in the compartment, said wireless device including a circuit board comprising modules having an IC chipset module with a microprocessor and memory space for executing programs involving interpreting instructions and processing data associated with operations and communications of the device, a cellular communications module for transmitting and receiving air interface radio frequency signals over a cellular network, the network being operated by a host, at least one sensor module responsive to at least one of a dynamic environmental condition, an RF signal and a geo-location determination related to the material handling apparatus, at least one reader/writer interrogator for communicating with a RFID transponder affixed to an article supported upon said surface, for monitoring the addition and removal of said article from said surface, and a power supply for activating said device when said cover closes the compartment to activate the wireless device contained in the compartment. 2. A system as set forth in claim 1 which includes: said reader/writer interrogator being responsive to dynamic condition information from the RFID transponder attached to said article, said reader/writer interrogator integrated with the IC chipset on the circuit board, and said IC chipset being operable to receive condition information about the articles from the reader/writer interrogator and causing said cellular communications module to transmit data based upon the rules stored in a memory of the RFID transponder with said data being indicative of the dynamic condition regarding the article. 3. A system as set forth in claim 1 which includes: said sensor module being responsive to RF signals using an RFID transponder that is operable to communicate with adjacent RFID transponders located along the distribution path of the apparatus and an IEEE 802 Standard sensor that is operable to communicate within a local area network within which the apparatus is located, said sensor module being integrated with the IC chipset on the circuit board, and said IC chipset receiving sensor module data and causing said cellular communications module to transmit data indicative of the material handling apparatus over the cellular network operated by a host. 4. A system as set forth in claim 1 which includes: said reader/writer interrogator being responsive to dynamic condition information communicated by the article RFID transponders, said reader/writer interrogator being integrated with the IC chipset on the circuit board, and Said IC chipset receiving RFID transponder data and causing said cellular communications module to transmit data indicative of the conditions of the articles with attached RFID transponders over the cellular network operated by the host. 5. A system as set forth in claim 1 which includes: said cellular network host selling used band width for communicating condition information about the articles and the apparatus, and the operator of the apparatus selling the network access time for monitoring said articles to a third party. 6. A system as set forth in claim 1 which includes: a power supply having a monitored battery for supplying power to the modules and components of the circuit board and at least one of a mechanical, electrical and a solar power generation apparatus for generating power for storage in said monitored battery. 7. A position, tracking and monitoring system comprising: a mobile material handling apparatus having a device for communicative coupling within first and second wireless networks, said first network being an RFID network, and said second network being a national digital cellular network operated by a cellular network host, said device including a RFID module having a first antenna arrangement that communicates with RFID article transponders carried on the apparatus to monitor the articles and RFID location transponders positioned along the distribution path of the apparatus to track the location of the apparatus, and said device including a cellular telephone module having a second antenna arrangement for communicating within the national cellular network with the host using cellular signal measurement techniques to determine the position, track the movement and monitor the condition of the device, and by operative association therewith, the apparatus and its unit load. 8. A system as set forth in claim 7 which includes: an internet portal for accessing positioning, tracking and monitoring data of the device and the associated apparatus and load. 9. A system as set forth in claim 7 which includes: said device including a least one sensor module having a third antenna arrangement, said sensor module being responsive to at least one dynamic environmental condition indicative of the apparatus, and said sensor module being responsive to RF signals within a communications range indicative of at least one of an RFID reader/writer, an RFID transponder and a IEEE 801-n Standard wireless device. 10. A system as set forth in claim 9 which includes: the cellular network operably communicating a query to said apparatus device to instruct at least one of said sensor module and said reader/writer interrogator to execute a sensing operation, and the device, responsive to said sensing operation, communicating a query reply indicative of the requested sensing operation over the cellular network. 11. A system as set forth in claim 7 which includes: said material handling apparatus being an object, food and material transportation and storage structure that is selected from a group consisting of a pallet, a container, a carrier, a tank, a tray, a dunnage platform, an IBC, a RPC and a ULD. 