A lavatory system having at least one wash station and at least one electrically operated fixture is disclosed. The lavatory system includes a control system for operating the at least one electrically operated fixture and a power supply system for powering the at least one electrically operated fixture. According to one embodiment, the power supply system includes a plurality of power sources and a switch device. The plurality of power sources are electrically coupled to each other and configured to provide an output voltage for powering the at least one fixture. The electrical coupling of the power sources is selectively adjustable between a first arrangement in which the power sources are electrically coupled to each other in parallel and a second arrangement in which the power sources are electrically coupled to each other in series. The first switch device configured to adjust the electrical coupling of the power sources between the first arrangement and the second arrangement.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A lavatory system comprising: at least one fixture; a control system configured to control a flow of fluid to the at least one fixture; an energy storage element coupled to the control system and configured to power the control system for operating the at least one fixture; a first power source and a second power source, the first power source and the second source being electrically coupled to each other and configured to charge the energy storage element; and a power management system electrically coupled to the first power source and the second power source to control the charging of the energy storage, the power management system comprising: a switch configured to change the electrical coupling of the first power source and the second power source between a first arrangement in which the first power source and the second power source are electrically coupled to each other in parallel and a second arrangement in which the first power source and the second power source are electrically coupled to each other in series, wherein the electrical coupling of the first power source and the second power source is changed from the first arrangement to the second arrangement to accelerate a charge time of the energy storage element, the charge time being an amount of time required to provide the energy storage element with a charge sufficient to operate the at least one fixture. 2. The lavatory system of claim 1 wherein the lavatory system provides at least one hand cleansing area and the at least one fixture includes at least one faucet. 3. The lavatory system of claim 1 wherein each of the first power source and the second power source comprises at least one photovoltaic cell configured to convert ambient light energy into an output voltage. 4. The lavatory system of claim 3 further comprising a detector configured to monitor a power output of the photovoltaic cells, wherein the switch receives a signal from the detector indicating whether to adjust the electrical coupling of the photovoltaic cells between the first arrangement and the second arrangement. 5. The lavatory system of claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic cells are in the first arrangement upon a start-up period of the lavatory system and moved to the second arrangement upon completion of the start-up period. 6. The lavatory system of claim 1 further comprising a third power source electrically coupled to the first power source and the second power source, the switch being configured to change the electrical coupling of the first power source, the second power source and the third power source between a first arrangement in which the first power source, the second power source and the third power source are electrically coupled to each other in parallel, a second arrangement in which the first power source, the second power source and the third power source are electrically coupled to each other in series, and an intermediate arrangement in which includes both series and parallel connections. 7. A power supply system for powering at least one fixture within a lavatory system, the power supply system comprising: an energy storage element configured to provide an output voltage for operating the at least one fixture; a plurality of power sources electrically coupled to each other and configured to provide an output voltage for charging the energy storage element, the electrical coupling of the power sources being selectively adjustable between a first arrangement in which the power sources are electrically coupled to each other in parallel and a second arrangement in which the power sources are electrically coupled to each other in series; and a first switch device configured to adjust the electrical coupling of the power sources between the first arrangement and the second arrangement to accelerate a charge time of the energy storage element, the charge time being an amount of time required to provide the energy storage element with a charge sufficient to operate the at least one fixture. 8. The power supply system of claim 7 wherein each power source is at least one photovoltaic cell configured to convert ambient light energy into an output voltage. 9. The power supply system of claim 8 wherein each at least one photovoltaic cell is an array of photovoltaic cells. 10. The power supply system of claim 8 further comprising a first detector configured to monitor a power output of the photovoltaic cells. 11. The power supply system of claim 10 wherein the first switch is configured to adjust the coupling of the power sources between the first arrangement and the second arrangement depending at least in part the power output of the photovoltaic cells monitored by the first detector. 12. The power supply system of Claim 10 further comprising a second detector and a second switch, the second detector being configured to monitor the output voltage of the photovoltaic cells, the second switch being configured to electrically disconnect the photovoltaic cells from the at least one fixture when the output voltage of the photovoltaic cells drops below a predetermined value. 13. The power supply system of Claim 7 wherein the energy storage element is a capacitor. 14. The power supply system of claim 7 further comprising a second switch, the second switch being configured to electrically disconnect the power sources from the at least one fixture when the output voltage of the power sources drops below a predetermined value. 15. The power supply system of claim 7 wherein the electrical coupling of the power sources is configured to be further adjustable to an intermediate position that includes both parallel and series connections. 16. A method of supplying electrical power within a lavatory system, the method comprising: electrically coupling a plurality of power sources to each other; electrically coupling the power sources to an energy storage element; electrically coupling the energy storage element to a control system for operating at least one fixture within the lavatory system; and switching the electrical coupling of the power sources to each other between a first arrangement in which the power sources are coupled to each other in parallel and a second arrangement in which the power sources are coupled to each other in series, wherein the electrical coupling of the power sources to each other is changed from the first arrangement to the second arrangement to accelerate a charge time of the energy storage element, the charge time being an amount of time required to provide the energy storage element with a charge sufficient to operate the at least one fixture. 17. The method of Claim 16 further comprising using the first arrangement to provide power to the energy storage element during a start up period of the lavatory system and using the second arrangement to provide power to the energy storage element after the start up period. 18. The method of claim 16 further comprising switching the electrical coupling of the power sources to each other to an intermediate arrangement that includes both parallel connections and series connections. 19. The lavatory system of claim 1 wherein the power management system returns the coupling of the power source to the first arrangement when an output voltage of the energy storage element is below a level sufficient to operate the at least one fixture. 20. The power supply system of claim 7 wherein the coupling of the power sources is returned to the first arrangement when the output voltage of the energy storage element is below a level sufficient to operate the at least one fixture. 