The present invention is directed to distillation systems and methods. The still may have an impermeable nonporous membrane that may be extruded, molded, vacuum formed or sprayed-on. The membrane may be installed in a lightweight basin as a liner. The distillation system may also include a unique sealing system that may include a gasket with a cross-section shaped like the lowercase letter "e" and may include a trim piece that hold a basin casing and casing cover together. The distillation system may be designed in such a manner so as to make shipping and assembly easy and cost effective. For example, the distillation system may be constructed as a kit that all needed components and all the components are placed inside of a standard dimension box for shipping. In various embodiments, the distillation system may be a solar distillation system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered distillation system basin, comprising: a molded or vacuum formed basin casing made of a material selected from the group consisting of fiberglass, ABS, polycarbonate, polypropylene, and polybutylene; a dark color material lining the basin casing of the solar powered distillation system for liquid distillate containment and absorbing sunlight to heat the solar distillation system; and at least one layer of insulating material insulating at least a bottom surface of the basin casing. 2. The solar powered distillation system basin of claim 1, wherein the material lining the basin is an extruded, vacuum formed, molded or sprayed-on nonporous, impermeable membrane that is comprised of a material selected from the group consisting of Uniprene, Santoprene, Sarlink, silicone, and fiberglass reinforced polyester. 3. The solar powered distillation system basin of claim 1, wherein the basin casing has an approximately flat bottom surface, four side surfaces, at least a plurality of the four side surfaces tapering outward from a perpendicular direction from a normal plane surface of the approximately flat bottom surface, and an opening for admitting sunlight, and wherein covering the opening with a light admitting sheet will result in an approximate box shape solar powered distillation system having a bottom surface, four side surface walls, and a top surface light admitting sheet that admits and retains sunlight and heat, that together form an evaporation and condensation chamber for distilling liquid using sun light. 4. The solar powered distillation system basin of claim 1, further comprising: a plurality of leg mounting fittings formed integrally in a lower underside surface of the solar power distillation system. 5. The solar powered distillation system basin of claim 4, wherein the basin casing includes an overflow output. 6. The solar powered distillation system basin of claim 1, further comprising an overflow trough and a collection trough. 7. The solar powered distillation system basin of claim 1, wherein the solar power distillation system further comprising: a light admitting sheet placed over the basin casing and that allows sun light to enter the basin casing and heating to occur between the light admitting sheet and the interior of the basin casing; and a seal or gasket between the basin casing and the and the light admitting sheet so as to seal the light admitting sheet to the basin casing. 8. The solar powered distillation system basin of claim 7, wherein a gasket with a cross-section shaped like the lowercase letter "e" seals the light admitting cover to the basin. 9. The solar powered distillation system basin of claim 8, wherein the light admitting cover is secured to the basin with a trim piece having spring tension that holds the light admitting cover against the basin. 10. The solar powered distillation system basin of claim 1, wherein the solar powered distillation system further includes a plurality of adjustable legs for support and leveling the basin. 11. The solar powered distillation system basin of claim 1, wherein the solar powered distillation system further includes a carbon filter attached to an inlet or outlet of the solar powered distillation system to remove impurities. 12. The solar powered distillation system basin of claim 1, wherein the system dimensions fall within the specifications for standard shipping charges for international shipping by a common carrier. 13. The a solar powered distillation system basin of claim 1, wherein the material lining the basin casing has an American National Standard Institute/National Sanitation Foundation (ANSI/NSF) Standard 61 rating approved for water contact. 14. A basin for a distillation system, comprising: a basin casing having cubic inch size or volume of approximately 12000 square inches or less; and a nonporous impermeable material lining the basin casing, wherein the system is constructed as a kit that all needed components and all the components are placed inside of a standard dimension box for shipping of approximately 50 inches by 30 inches by 8 inches, so that the system is easily and cost effectively shippable by a common carrier. 15. The basin casing for a distillation system of claim 14, wherein the volume of the system falls within the total maximum allowed volume for standard shipping charges for international shipping by a common carrier. 16. The basin casing for a distillation system of claim 14, wherein the weight of the system falls within the total maximum allowed weight for standard shipping charges for international shipping by a common carrier. 17. The basin casing for a distillation system of claim 14, wherein the dimensions of the system fall within the total maximum allowed dimensions for standard shipping charges for international shipping by a common carrier. 18. A solar powered distillation system, comprising: a basin casing made of fiberglass; an insulating layer abutting at least a portion of one surface of the basin casing so as to insulate that surface area of the basing casing; a flexible seal placed around a perimeter of the basin casing for sealing a cover over the basin; and a light admitting sheet, being the cover, and placed on top of the basin so as to interface with the seal and create an enclosed area between itself and the basin for holding and distilling a liquid placed in the basin and admitting light for heating and distilling the liquid. 19. The solar powered distillation system as claimed in claim 18, further comprising a nonporous impermeable layer formed along at least a portion of the inside surface of the basin casing and providing for liquid retention. 20. The solar powered distillation system as claimed in claim 19, further comprising a plurality of female or male fittings formed in the bottom of the solar power distillation system for attaching legs thereto. 