A method of manufacturing a solar cell by providing a first substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell including at least a top subcell and a bottom subcell; mounting a surrogate substrate on top of the sequence of layers adjacent to the bottom subcell; removing the first substrate to expose the surface of the top subcell; removing the surrogate substrate; and holding the solar cell on a vacuum chuck to support it for subsequent fabrication operations, such as attaching interconnects to the solar cells to form an interconnected array.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell comprising an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell comprising: providing a first substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming an upper first solar subcell on said first substrate having a first band gap; forming a middle second solar subcell over said upper first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over said middle second solar subcell; forming a lower third solar subcell over said graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said lower third solar subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said middle second solar subcell; forming a metal contact layer over said lower third solar subcell; attaching a surrogate second substrate over said metal contact layer and removing said first substrate; and etching a first trough around the periphery of said multijunction solar cell through the solar subcells and said graded interlayer to the metal contact layer so as to form a mesa structure on said surrogate second substrate to form a plurality of contact pads on said metal contact layer, said plurality of contact pads spaced apart along said metal contact layer by intermediate sections, said contact pads having a larger surface area than an adjacent one of said intermediate sections. 2. The method as defined in claim 1, further comprising etching a second trough around the periphery of said multijunction solar cell simultaneously with the etching of the first trough, wherein the second trough lies outside the periphery of the first trough. 3. The method as defined in claim 2, further comprising subsequently etching the second trough to the surface of the surrogate second substrate to facilitate the removal of the multijunction solar cell from the surrogate second substrate. 4. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein said plurality of contact pads are located along an edge of said multijunction solar cell, wherein each of said intermediate sections extend inwardly away from the edge of the multijunction solar cell at the metal contact layer a first distance, and wherein each of said contact pads extend inwardly away from the edge of the multijunction solar cell at the metal contact layer a second distance greater than the first distance. 5. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the metal contact layer is a sequence of layers including Ti/Au/Ag/Au. 6. The method as defined in claim 1, further comprising welding one end of a metal interconnect to at least one of the plurality of contact pads. 7. The method as defined in claim 6, further comprising mounting a cover glass over said upper first solar subcell and said interconnect, said cover glass extending over said first trough around the periphery of the multijunction solar cell. 8. The method as defined in claim 7, further comprising mounting the multijunction solar cell on a vacuum chuck adjacent a second multijunction solar cell so that the contact pad of the multijunction solar cell located at a bottom of the multijunction solar cell is adjacent to and aligned with a top contact pad of the second multijunction solar cell. 9. The method as defined in claim 8, further comprising electrically interconnecting the contact pad of the multijunction solar cell with the top contact pad of the second multijunction solar cell by welding a second end of said metal interconnect to the top contact pad of the second multijunction solar cell. 10. A method of manufacturing a solar cell array comprising: providing a first substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell including at least a top subcell and a bottom subcell; forming a metal contact layer on top of the sequence of layers of semiconductor material; mounting a surrogate substrate on top of the metal contact layer; removing the first substrate to expose the surface of the top subcell; etching a trough around the periphery of said multijunction solar cell through the top and bottom subcells to the metal contact layer to form a plurality of bottom contact pads on the metal contact layer that are spaced apart by intermediate sections on the metal contact layer, said bottom contact pads extending a greater distance inward away from an edge of the metal contact layer towards a center of the multijunction solar cell than said intermediate sections; removing the surrogate substrate; and holding the solar cell in a vacuum chuck to support it for subsequent fabrication operations. 11. A method as defined in claim 10 further comprising assembling a plurality of solar cells on the vacuum chuck. 12. A method as defined in claim 11, further comprising attaching interconnects to the plurality of bottom contact pads on each of the solar cells. 13. A method as defined in claim 12, further comprising attaching the interconnects from the plurality of bottom contact pads of one solar cell to respective electrodes on an adjacent solar cell. 14. A method as defined in claim 13, further comprising attaching a cover glass to said solar cell. 15. A method as defined in claim 14, further comprising mounting said solar cell on a flexible film. 16. A method as defined in claim 11, further comprising removing the solar cell array from the vacuum chuck, turning the solar cell array upside down, reattaching the solar cell array to the vacuum chuck, and attaching the backside of the solar cell array to a flexible film. 17. A method as defined in claim 10, wherein depositing a sequence of layers comprises: forming the top subcell comprising a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; forming the bottom subcell comprising a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant; and forming a lattice constant transition material positioned between the top subcell and the bottom subcell, said lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant. 18. A method as defined in claim 17, wherein said transition material is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the top subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the bottom subcell, and the band gap of the transition material remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV throughout its thickness. 19. A method as defined in claim 17, wherein the transition material is composed of a sequence of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAI.sub.1-yAs layers, with x and y selected such that the band gap of each layer remains constant throughout the thickness of the transition material. 20. A method as defined in claim 17, wherein said top subcell is composed of an GaInP, GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GalnAsN emitter region and an GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region, and the bottom subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter regions. 