A method for determining a path of travel of an intruder traversing an area of regard (AOR) to a predefined point, where the path of travel has a minimum probability of detection relative to other potential paths of travel of the intruder. The method may comprise: providing three dimensional terrain data concerning the AOR; providing the locations of a plurality of detection sensors implemented in the AOR, with each detection sensor having a known field of view; providing a predetermined single scan detection probability for each of the detection sensors; generating a grid of points that is laid over the AOR; and using the foregoing information to determine a particular path of travel, defined by selected arcs connecting specific ones of the grid of points, of the intruder to the predefined point that represents a minimum probability of detection of the intruder.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for determining a path of travel of an intruder traversing an area of regard (AOR) to a predefined point, where the path of travel has a minimum probability of detection relative to other potential paths of travel of the intruder, the method comprising: providing three dimensional terrain data concerning the area of regard; providing the locations of a plurality of detection sensors implemented in the area of regard, with each said detection sensor having a known field of view; providing a predetermined single scan detection probability for each of the detection sensors; generating a grid of points that is laid over the area of regard; using a computer processor to consider the grid of points, the three dimensional terrain data, and the predetermined single scan detection probability for each of the detection sensors, and to determine a particular path of travel, defined by arcs connecting selected ones of said grid of points, of said intruder to said predefined point that represents a minimum probability of detection of said intruder relative to all other potential paths of travel through said area of regard to said predefined point. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein said using the grid points includes considering multiple scans of a selected one of said sensors and defining a detection of said intruder between any two of said grid points that define a single segment of said particular path of travel, as comprising three consecutive detections of said intruder by the sensor. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein said using the grid points includes considering multiple scans of a selected one of said sensors and defining a detection of said intruder between any two of said grid points that define a single segment of said particular path of travel, as comprising M of N detections, where M represents a detection and N represents a number of total attempted detections. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising: using a plurality of said detection sensors dispersed within said AOR; and using information from said plurality of sensors to determine a cumulative detection probability (CPD) of detecting said intruder along a specific path that said intruder traverses within said AOR from an origin to said predefined point. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein said providing a single scan detection probability comprises further assigning a velocity vector to movement of said intruder as said intruder moves through said AOR. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising considering a topography of said AOR when considering said likely rate of movement of said intruder. 7. The method of claim 6, further considering weather conditions within said AOR in providing said single scan detection probability. 8. The method of claim 1, further considering a degree of solar exposure that said intruder is likely to be exposed to in traversing said AOR, when considering said likely rate of movement of said intruder. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein said providing a single scan detection probability for a given one of said detection sensors comprises considering at least one of: weather conditions within said AOR; a velocity vector of the intruder relative to said given one of said detection sensors; and whether said intruder comprises a vehicle or an individual travelling on foot. 10. A method for determining a path of travel of an intruder traversing an area of regard (AOR) to a predefined point, where the path of travel has a minimum probability of detection relative to other potential paths of travel of the intruder, the method comprising: providing three dimensional terrain data concerning the area of regard; providing the location of each one of a plurality of detection radar sensors located at spaced apart locations within the area of regard; providing a predetermined single scan detection probability for each said detection radar sensor; defining a valid detection by each of said detection radar sensors as comprising more than one detection while said intruder is moving within a field of view of a given one of said detection radar sensors; generating a grid of points over the area of interest; using a computer processor to consider the grid of points, the three dimensional terrain data, the outputs from the detection sensors and the predetermined single scan detection probability for the detection sensor, and to determine a particular path of travel of said intruder through said AOR, defined by selected ones of said grid of points, that represents a minimum probability of detection of said intruder relative to all other potential paths of travel through said AOR to said predefined point. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein said defining a valid detection comprises defining three consecutive detections of said intruder by a given one of said detection radar sensors while said intruder is within said field of view of said given one of said detection radar sensors. 12. The method of claim 10, wherein said defining a valid detection comprises M of N detections by a given one of said detection radar sensors, where M represents a detection by said given one of said detection radar sensors, and N represents a number of total attempted detections by said given one of said detection radar sensors. 13. The method of claim 10, further comprising using information from a select group of said detection radar sensors to determine a cumulative detection probability (CPD) of detecting said intruder along a specific path, defined by said select group of detection radar sensors, that said intruder traverses within said AOR from an origin to said predefined point. 14. The method of claim 10, wherein said providing a single scan detection probability for a given, one of said detection radar sensors comprises considering at least two of: weather conditions within said AOR; a velocity vector of the intruder relative to said given one of said detection sensors; and whether said intruder comprises a vehicle or an individual travelling on foot. 15. The method of claim 10, further considering a topography of said AOR when providing said single scan detection probability. 16. The method of claim 10, further comprising determining a cumulative probability of detection for at least two different paths of travel through said AOR, where each said different path of travel is made up of a plurality of distinct segments. 17. A system for monitoring a geographic area of regard (AOR) and determining a path of travel of an intruder traversing an area of regard (AOR) to a predefined point, where the path of travel has a minimum probability of detection relative to other potential paths of travel of the intruder, the system comprising: a plurality of detection sensors located at known, predetermined locations within said area of regard, each said detection sensor having a known field of view; each said detection sensor having a predetermined single scan probability of detecting said intruder as said intruder moves within said field of view of said detection sensor; a processor adapted to: generate a grid of points over a map of said AOR, with said detection sensors laid out on said map; and to use known three dimensional terrain data of said AOR and outputs from each of the detection sensors to determine a particular path of travel, defined by selected ones of said grid of points, of said intruder to said predefined point that represents a minimum probability of detection of said intruder relative to all other potential paths of travel through said area of regard to said predefined point. 18. The system of claim 17, further comprising a display for displaying said detection sensors, said AOR and a path of travel representing said minimum probability of detection. 19. The system of claim 17, wherein each said detection sensor comprises a radar. 20. The system of claim 17, wherein said processor is adapted to calculate a cumulative probability of detection for any paths of travel through said AOR by said intruder, and to identify said particular path of travel having said minimum probability of detection. 