An owl replica for deterring pests, having a plastic owl body; a plastic owl head; an unstable mount disposed between the body and head for free movement of the head relative to the body; and a powered assembly supported by the mount and operable to move with the mount relative to the body and enable intermittent powered movement of the head relative to the body without interfering with free movement of the head.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A replica of an owl for use in a garden for deterring pests, the replica comprising a first body portion corresponding generally in shape to the body of a live owl; a second body portion corresponding generally in shape to the head of a live owl; an unstable mount disposed between the first and second body portions, the second body portion being mounted by said mount adjacent an upper portion of the first body portion for movement relative to the first body portion to simulate movement of an owl's head; and a powered assembly supported by the mount and operable to move with the mount relative to the first body portion and enable intermittent powered movement of the second body portion relative to the first body portion without interfering with free movement of the second body portion; wherein the powered assembly comprises an electromechanical assembly, and the electromechanical assembly comprises an electrical power source, an electronic actuator, and a kicker assembly, wherein activation of the electronic actuator results in movement of the kicker assembly against a portion of the unstable mount to impart motion to the second body portion. 2. The replica of claim 1, further comprising an electrical storage device. 3. The replica of claim 2, wherein the electrical power source comprises a solar cell, the electronic actuator comprises a solenoid, and the electrical storage device comprises a capacitor. 4. A device for deterring animal pests, the device comprising a body portion configured to resemble a body portion of a predator of such pests; a head portion configured to resemble a head portion of the predator; structure for movably mounting the head portion to the body portion such that the head portion is freely moveable in a rotational, back-and-forth, and side-to-side relationship relative to the body portion, the structure for movably mounting the head comprising an upper pivot assembly balanced onto a lower pivot assembly, the upper pivot assembly being rigidly connected to the head portion and the lower pivot assembly being rigidly connected to the body portion; and an electromechanical assembly supported by the upper pivot assembly, the electromechanical assembly comprising an electrical power source, an electronic actuator, and a kicker assembly, wherein activation of the electronic actuator results in movement of the kicker assembly against a portion of the lower pivot assembly to impart motion to the second body portion. 5. The device of claim 4, wherein the predator comprises an owl. 6. The device of claim 4, wherein the electromechanical assembly enables intermittent powered movement of the head portion relative to the body portion without interfering with free movement of the head portion. 7. A device for deterring animal pests, the device comprising a body portion configured to resemble a body portion of a predator of such pests; a head portion configured to resemble a head portion of the predator; structure for movably mounting the head portion to the body portion such that the head portion is freely moveable in a rotational, back-and-forth, and side-to-side relationship relative to the body portion, the structure for movably mounting the head comprising an upper pivot assembly balanced onto a lower pivot assembly, the upper pivot assembly being rigidly connected to the head portion and the lower pivot assembly being rigidly connected to the body portion; and an electromechanical assembly supported by the upper pivot assembly, the electromechanical assembly comprising a solar cell, a capacitor charged by the solar cell, a solenoid, a timer circuit periodically activating the solenoid, and a kicker connected to the solenoid, wherein activation of the solenoid results in movement of the kicker to strike a portion of the lower pivot assembly to impart motion to the head portion. 8. The device of claim 7, wherein the solenoid includes a rod that moves when the solenoid is activated and the kicker comprises a pawl pivotally mounted to the rod and a sticking member connected to the pawl for striking a portion of the lower assembly. 