Systems and methods are provided for collecting (200), aggregating (201), and analyzing data (202, 203) associated with the installation and deployment of systems. Energy systems, specifically renewable energy generating systems, are used as examples. The aggregated data (201) serve as the basis for a variety of services that improve the system performance metrics (209), improve the installation metrics, lower the cost, and provide monitoring and service to improve performance. Finally, services are provided that facilitate the improvement of the performance metrics of various Supply Chain Entities in the supply chain as well as overall system performance metrics.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A computer implemented method for monitoring Supply Chain Entity performance metrics, comprising: connecting an installed System to a central database via a network; collecting original data comprising at least one of System Identification Data, System Configuration Data, System Installation Data, System Performance Data, or System History Data; entering said original data into said central database; establishing Supply Chain Entity performance metrics based on said original data; aggregating said original data and data from one or more systems not associated with the installed System stored within said central database; establishing original benchmark metrics for Supply Chain Entity performance metrics based on said aggregated data; comparing said Supply Chain Entity performance metrics against said established benchmark metrics; displaying Supply Chain Entities whose performance metrics exceed said benchmark metrics; displaying Supply Chain Entities whose performance metrics fall below said benchmark metrics; establishing adjusted benchmark metrics for Supply Chain Entity performance metrics by adding data from said Supply Chain Entity performance metrics that exceed said original benchmark metrics into said aggregated data; and collecting original data, entering said original data, aggregating said original data and establishing original benchmark perform by a computer processor. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said System comprises an energy system. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein said energy system comprises an energy usage system an energy storage system, an energy management system, or an energy generation system. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein said energy generation system comprises a renewable energy generation system. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein said renewable energy generation system comprises a solar energy generation system, a wind turbine energy generation system, a tidal energy generation system, a geothermal energy generation system, a waste-to-energy generation system, or combination thereof. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein said Supply Chain Entity comprises System Integrators, Value Added Resellers, Installation Technicians, or Original Equipment Manufacturers. 7. A computer implemented method for monitoring System Performance metrics, comprising: connecting an installed System to a central database via a network; collecting original data comprising at least one of System Identification Data, System Configuration Data, System Installation Data, System Performance Data, or System History Data; entering said original data into said central database; establishing System Performance metrics based on said original data; aggregating said original data and data from one or more systems not associated with the installed System held within said central database; establishing original benchmark metrics for System Performance metrics based on said aggregated data; comparing said System Performance metrics against said established benchmark metrics; displaying Systems whose System Performance metrics exceed said benchmark metric; displaying Systems whose System Performance metrics fall below the benchmark metrics; adjusting benchmark metrics for System Performance metrics by adding data from said System Performance metrics that exceed said original benchmark metrics into said aggregated data; and collecting original data, entering said original data, aggregating said original data and establishing original benchmark perform by a computer processor. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein said System comprises an energy system. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein said energy system comprises an energy usage system an energy storage system, an energy management system, or an energy generation system. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein said energy generation system comprises a renewable energy generation system. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein said renewable energy generation system comprises a solar energy generation system, a wind turbine energy generation system, a tidal energy generation system, a geothermal energy generation system, a waste-to-energy generation system, or combinations thereof. 12. A system for monitoring Supply Chain Entity performance metrics, comprising: one or more Energy Systems; sensors coupled to said Energy Systems to monitor said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data; sensors associated with said Energy Systems to measure environmental conditions data; a network; a local communications device functionally coupled to said sensors and to said network and functional to communicate said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data onto said network; said network functional to transmit said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data; a centralized database functionally coupled to receive and store said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data; a user interface coupled to interact with said centralized database; a computer readable medium containing procedures for acting upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data, said procedures comprising aggregating the received and stored data with data from one or more systems not associated with said Energy System, establishing benchmark metrics Supply Chain Entity performance based on the aggregated data, establishing Supply Chain Entity performance metrics, and comparing said Supply Chain Entity performance metrics to said benchmark metrics; and at least one output devices functional to display results of said procedure action upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein said one or more Energy Systems comprise at least one of an energy usage system, an energy storage system, an energy management system, and an energy generation system. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein said energy generation system comprises a renewable energy generation system. 15. The system of claim 14 wherein said renewable energy generation system comprises a solar energy generation system, a wind turbine energy generation system, a tidal energy generation system, a geothermal energy generation system, a waste-to-energy generation system, or combinations thereof. 16. The system of claim 12 wherein said Supply Chain Entity comprises System Integrators, Value Added Resellers, Installation Technicians, or Original Equipment Manufacturers. 17. A system for monitoring Energy System performance metrics, comprising: one or more Energy Systems; sensors coupled to said Energy Systems to monitor said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data; sensors associated with said Energy Systems to measure environmental conditions data; a network; a local communications device coupled to said sensors and to said network and functional to communicate said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data onto said network; said network functional to transmit said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data; a centralized database coupled to said network and functional to receive and store said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data; a user interface coupled to interact with said centralized database; a computer readable medium containing procedures for acting upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data, said procedures comprising aggregating the received and stored data with data from one or more systems not associated with said Energy Systems, establishing benchmark metrics for Energy System performance based on the aggregated data, establishing Energy System performance metrics, and comparing said Energy System performance metrics to said benchmark metrics; and at least one output devices functional to display results of said procedure action upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein said one or more Energy Systems comprise at least one of an energy usage system, an energy storage system, an energy management system, and an energy generation system. 19. The system of claim 18 wherein said energy generation system comprises a renewable energy generation system. 20. The system of claim 19 wherein said renewable energy generation system comprises a solar energy generation system, a wind turbine energy generation system, a tidal energy generation system, a geothermal energy generation system, a waste-to-energy generation system, or combinations thereof. 