A method of recovering hydrocarbons from hydrocarbonaceous materials can include forming a constructed permeability control infrastructure. This constructed infrastructure defines a substantially encapsulated volume having substantially permeable side walls and a substantially impermeable cap. A comminuted hydrocarbonaceous material can be introduced into the control infrastructure to form a permeable body of hydrocarbonaceous material. The permeable body can be heated sufficient to remove hydrocarbons therefrom without contamination or substantial leaching of materials outside of the impoundment. During heating the hydrocarbonaceous material is substantially stationary as the constructed infrastructure is a fixed structure. Removed hydrocarbons can be collected for further processing, use in the process, and/or use as recovered.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of recovering hydrocarbons from hydrocarbonaceous materials, comprising: a) forming a constructed permeability control infrastructure which defines a substantially encapsulated volume, said constructed permeability control infrastructure having permeable side walls and a substantially impermeable cap; b) introducing a comminuted hydrocarbonaceous material into the control infrastructure to form a permeable body of hydrocarbonaceous material; c) heating the permeable body sufficient to remove hydrocarbons therefrom such that the hydrocarbonaceous material is substantially stationary during heating; and d) collecting the removed hydrocarbons. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the permeable side walls are undisturbed geological formation or compacted earth. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the control infrastructure is formed within an excavated pit. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the step of forming the control infrastructure includes excavating a hydrocarbonaceous deposit or a non-hydrocarbon bearing formation using a crane-suspended excavator. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the control infrastructure is free-standing. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the mined hydrocarbonaceous material comprises oil shale, tar sands, coal, lignite, bitumen, peat, or combinations thereof. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the mined hydrocarbonaceous material includes a lower layer of tar sands and an upper layer of oil shale. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the permeable body further comprises an additive or biomass. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the permeable body consists essentially of crushed hydrocarbonaceous material having an average size from about 6 inches to about 2 feet. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the permeable body has a void space from about 10% to about 40% a total volume of the permeable body. 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of mining the hydrocarbonaceous material from a remote location distinct from the control infrastructure. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of heating includes injecting heated gases into the control infrastructure such that the permeable body is primarily heated via convection as the heated gases pass throughout the permeable body. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein the constructed permeability control infrastructure further includes a substantially impermeable floor including a drainage system fluidly for removing liquid products from the encapsulated volume. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the permeable body further comprises a plurality of conduits embedded within the permeable body, at least some of said conduits being configured as heating pipes. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein at least a portion of the plurality of conduits are oriented substantially horizontally. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of forming the constructed infrastructure includes orienting at least a portion of the conduits along predetermined pathways prior to embedding the conduits within the permeable body. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein the heating conduits are fluidly coupled to a heat source and further comprising circulating a heating fluid in a closed loop through the heating conduits sufficient to prevent substantial mass transfer between the heating fluid and the permeable body. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of heating heats the permeable body sufficiently uniformly and within a temperature range sufficient to substantially avoid formation of carbon dioxide or non-hydrocarbon leachates. 19. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of heating occurs over a time and within a temperature range sufficient to produce in situ solvent which supplements removal of the hydrocarbon from the permeable body. 20. The method of claim 1, wherein the introducing of the comminuted hydrocarbonaceous material into the control infrastructure is accomplished by low compaction conveying of the hydrocarbonaceous material into the infrastructure. 21. The method of claim 1, wherein the heating is accomplished by electrical resistive heating, fuel cell, solid oxide fuel cell, solar sources, wind sources, wave sources, hydrocarbon combustion, geothermal, nuclear power, or combination thereof. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the heating is accomplished by hydrocarbon combustion under stoichiometric conditions of fuel to oxygen. 23. The method of claim 21, wherein the heating is accomplished by a plurality of portable combustors each attached to a heating conduit embedded within the permeable body. 24. The method of claim 1, further comprising introducing a hydrogen donor agent into the permeable body during the step of heating, said hydrogen donor agent being capable of hydrogenation of the hydrocarbons. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein the hydrogen donor agent is natural gas and conditions of pressure and temperature are sufficient to cause reforming of the hydrocarbons to produce an upgraded hydrocarbon product. 26. The method of claim 1, further comprising collecting the removed hydrocarbons in a second constructed permeability control infrastructure to form a body of liquid hydrocarbon and introducing a hydrogen donor agent into the body of liquid hydrocarbon, said hydrogen donor agent being capable of upgrading of the hydrocarbons. 27. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of collecting the removed hydrocarbons includes collecting a liquid product from a lower region of the control infrastructure and collecting a gaseous product from an upper region of the control infrastructure. 28. The method of claim 27, wherein collecting a gaseous product further comprises directing the gaseous product to a mobile gas collection unit proximate to the control infrastructure. 29. The method of claim 27, further comprising combusting a fuel portion of the gaseous product to produce heat. 30. The method of claim 27, wherein the liquid product is a kerogen oil and further comprising blending the kerogen oil with a non-transportable bitumen to form a transportable blended oil. 31. The method of claim 1, further comprising injecting a selective solvent into the permeable body subsequent to collecting the hydrocarbons, said selective solvent being a solvent for one or more target materials. 32. The method of claim 31, wherein the target materials comprise mineral, precious metal, hydrocarbons, or sodium bicarbonate. 33. The method of claim 1, further comprising recovering heat from the permeable body and transferring said heat to a second permeable body. 34. The method of claim 1, further comprising circulating a heat transfer fluid throughout the permeable body after the heating to at least partially recover heat from the permeable body. 35. The method of claim 34, wherein the heat transfer fluid consists essentially of water. 36. The method of claim 1, wherein the comminuted hydrocarbonaceous material is crushed oil shale and the heating is performed under time and temperature conditions sufficient to form a liquid hydrocarbon product having an API from about 30 to about 45. 37. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of monitoring earth surrounding the substantially encapsulated volume for undesirable egress of gaseous or liquid materials into the surrounding earth. 38. A constructed permeability control infrastructure, comprising: a) a permeability control impoundment defining a substantially encapsulated volume wherein the permeability control impoundment is undisturbed geological formations or compacted earth; b) a comminuted hydrocarbonaceous material within the encapsulated volume forming a permeable body of hydrocarbonaceous material; and c) a heating device embedded within the permeable body for convective heating thereof. 39. The infrastructure of claim 38, wherein the permeability control impoundment includes substantially permeable side walls, a substantially impermeable cap, and a substantially impermeable floor. 40. The infrastructure of claim 39, wherein the impermeable cap is a compacted fill ceiling substantially covering the permeable body, said compacted fill ceiling being supported by the permeable body. 41. The infrastructure of claim 38, wherein the control infrastructure is formed in direct contact with walls of an excavated hydrocarbonaceous material deposit. 42. The infrastructure of claim 41, further comprising at least one additional excavated hydrocarbonaceous material deposit and wherein the comminuted hydrocarbonaceous material is mined from an adjacent hydrocarbonaceous material deposit. 43. The infrastructure of claim 38, wherein the control infrastructure is freestanding. 44. The infrastructure of claim 38, further comprising at least one interior wall within the control infrastructure subdividing the encapsulated volume. 45. The infrastructure of claim 38, wherein the comminuted hydrocarbonaceous material comprises oil shale, tar sands, coal, lignite, bitumen, peat, or combinations thereof. 46. The infrastructure of claim 45, wherein the comminuted hydrocarbonaceous material includes a lower layer of tar sands and an upper layer of oil shale. 47. The infrastructure of claim 38, wherein the permeable body has a void space from 10% to about 40% of a total volume of the permeable body. 48. The infrastructure of claim 38, further comprising a gaseous heat source operatively connected to the permeability control impoundment and configured to direct a heated gas to the permeable body for convective heating thereof. 49. The infrastructure of claim 38, further comprising a plurality of conduits embedded within the permeable body, at least some of the plurality of conduits being heating conduits as the heating device. 50. The infrastructure of claim 49, wherein at least a portion of the plurality of conduits are oriented substantially horizontally. 51. The infrastructure of claim 49, further comprising a heat source thermally associated with the permeable body. 52. The infrastructure of claim 51, wherein the heat source includes an electrical resistive heater, fuel cell, solid oxide fuel cell, solar heater, wind generator, hydrocarbon combustor, geothermal, or nuclear. 53. The infrastructure of claim 51, wherein the heating conduits are thermally coupled to the heat source and embedded in the permeable body to form a closed heating system having substantially no mass transfer between the permeable body and heating fluids within the heating conduits. 54. The infrastructure of claim 38, further comprising a mobile gas collection unit operatively connected to collect gaseous product from an upper region of the control infrastructure. 55. The infrastructure of claim 38, further comprising a drainage system associated with the floor and operatively connected to collect liquid hydrocarbon product from a lower region of the control infrastructure. 