The present invention relates to a light barrier for the monitoring of a light path having a base assembly of a first transmitter emitting a light signal and a first receiver generating an output signal for a control. In accordance with the invention, the light barrier has an active reflector assembly having a second receiver for the reception of the light signal emitted by the first transmitter and a second transmitter for the transmission of a feedback signal in dependence on the received light signal.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A light barrier for the monitoring of a light path having a base assembly of a first transmitter emitting a light signal and a first receiver generating an output signal for a control, comprising an active reflector assembly having a second receiver for the reception of the light signal emitted by the first transmitter and a second transmitter for the transmission of a feedback signal in dependence on the received light signal, wherein the first and the second transmitters transmit different signals. 2. A light barrier in accordance with claim 1, wherein the feedback signal emitted by the second transmitter has a different frequency than the signal emitted by the first transmitter. 3. A light barrier in accordance with claim 2, wherein the feedback signal emitted by the second transmitter has a different encoding than the signal emitted by the first transmitter. 4. A light barrier in accordance with claim 3, wherein the first transmitter and the first receiver form a unit and/or the second transmitter and the second receiver form a unit. 5. A light barrier in accordance with claim 4, wherein the first transmitter and the first receiver are or can be arranged at a certain spacing from one another and have separate optical systems and/or the second transmitter and the second receiver are or can be arranged at a certain spacing from one another and have separate optical systems. 6. A light barrier in accordance with claim 2, wherein the first transmitter and the first receiver form a unit and/or the second transmitter and the second receiver form a unit. 7. A light barrier in accordance with claim 1, wherein the feedback signal emitted by the second transmitter has a different encoding than the signal emitted by the first transmitter. 8. A light barrier in accordance with claim 1, wherein the first transmitter and the first receiver form a unit and/or the second transmitter and the second receiver form a unit. 9. A light barrier in accordance with claim 8, wherein the first transmitter and first receiver have a common optical system and the second transmitter and second receiver have a common optical system. 10. A light barrier in accordance with claim 7, wherein the first transmitter and the first receiver form a unit and/or the second transmitter and the second receiver form a unit. 11. A light barrier in accordance with claim 1, wherein the first transmitter and the first receiver are or can be arranged at a certain spacing from one another and have separate optical systems and/or the second transmitter and the second receiver are or can be arranged at a certain spacing from one another and have separate optical systems. 12. A light barrier in accordance with claim 1, wherein the energy supply of the base assembly and reflector assembly are made separately. 13. A light barrier in accordance with claim 1, wherein the energy supply of the reflector assembly takes place via an electrical energy store and/or a solar collector. 14. A light barrier in accordance with claim 1, wherein the reflector assembly has a stand-by mode. 15. A light barrier in accordance with claim 14, wherein the second receiver switches from an inactive state into an active state at preset intervals in the stand-by mode to switch into a normal mode with constant reception readiness on reception of a corresponding light signal. 16. A door drive control comprising a light barrier in accordance with claim 1. 17. A light barrier in accordance with claim 1, wherein the first transmitter and the first receiver form a unit and/or the second transmitter and the second receiver form a unit. 