This invention generally relates to automated shade systems. An automated shade system comprises one or more motorized window coverings, sensors, and controllers that use one or more algorithms to control operation of the automated shade control system. These algorithms may include information such as: 3-D models of a building and surrounding structures; shadow information; lighting and radiation information; ASHRAE clear sky algorithms; log information related to manual overrides; occupant preference information; motion information; real-time sky conditions; solar radiation on a building; a total foot-candle load on a structure; brightness overrides; actual and/or calculated BTU load; time-of-year information; and microclimate analysis.
Claims We claim: 1. A system, comprising: a motor; a window covering, wherein said motor is configured to actuate said window covering; at least one of a radiometer or a photometer to detect at least one of lighting information or radiation information; and a motor controller configured to control said motor using a proactive algorithm, said proactive algorithm incorporating at least one of said lighting information or said radiation information, wherein said motor controller is configured to facilitate adjustment of said window covering position using shadow information based on at least one of cityscape conditions or topographical conditions. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said motor controller is configured to log information related to a manual override of said system, and wherein said log information is used to modify said proactive algorithm. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein said window covering comprises at least one of: roller shade, blinds, drapes, shades, Venetian blinds, vertical blinds, at least one of adjustable louvers or adjustable panels, at least one of moveable louvers or moveable panels, fabric coverings with low E coatings, fabric coverings without low E coatings, mesh, mesh coverings, window slats, or metallic coverings. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein said proactive algorithm incorporates occupant preference information. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein said proactive algorithm is configured to utilize at least one of said lighting information or said radiation information to determine sky conditions in real time. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein said proactive algorithm is configured to utilize at least one of said lighting information or said radiation information to determine solar radiation on a building in real time. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein said proactive algorithm is configured to utilize at least one of said lighting information, said radiation information, brightness information, or solar heat gain to calculate a total foot-candle load on a structure. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein said proactive algorithm is configured to implement a brightness override. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein said brightness override is triggered responsive to a measured brightness exceeding a user defined ratio between said measured brightness and ambient illumination. 10. The system of claim 1, further comprising a database configured to provide reports regarding said system. 11. The system of claim 1, further comprising a centralized control system, wherein said motor controller is configured to communicate with said centralized control system. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein said centralized control system is configured to monitor at least one of: location of said window covering; movement of said window covering; alignment of said window covering; information regarding radiation deflected by said window covering; or operation of said motor. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein said centralized control system is configured to prepare reports responsive to said monitoring. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein said proactive algorithm is configured to use time-of-year information to calculate an allowed solar penetration. 15. A system, comprising: a motor; a window covering, wherein said motor is configured to actuate said window covering; at least one of a radiometer or a photometer to detect at least one of lighting information or radiation information; and a motor controller configured to control said motor using a proactive algorithm, said proactive algorithm incorporating at least one of said lighting information or said radiation information, wherein said motor controller is configured to incorporate ASHRAE clear sky algorithms. 16. A system, comprising: a motor; a window covering, wherein said motor is configured to actuate said window covering; at least one of a radiometer or a photometer to detect at least one of lighting information or radiation information; a motor controller configured to control said motor using a proactive algorithm, said proactive algorithm incorporating at least one of said lighting information or said radiation information; and a motion sensor to detect motion information, wherein said motion information is used to modify said proactive algorithm. 17. A system, comprising: a motor; a window covering, wherein said motor is configured to actuate said window covering; at least one of a radiometer or a photometer to detect at least one of lighting information or radiation information; and a motor controller configured to control said motor using a proactive algorithm, said proactive algorithm incorporating at least one of said lighting information or said radiation information, wherein said proactive algorithm is configured to utilize at least one of an actual British thermal unit (BTU) load or a calculated BTU load to generate a movement request. 18. A method, comprising: receiving, at a motor controller, an input from at least one of a photosensor, a radiometer, a temperature sensor, or a motion sensor; analyzing said input using a reactive algorithm to form a movement request; communicating said movement request to a motor, wherein said motor facilitates automated movement of a window covering; and, inputting occupant tracking information into said reactive algorithm to adjust for manual overrides. 