An energy storage system, more particularly to a power distribution system for providing power for an indeterminate period of time. The power distribution system comprises means for converting the energy from an alternator to AC/DC circuits. The alternator transmits electric current to a battery, where an inverter is electrically connected to the battery and transmits AC power to low-load circuits. A DC control panel is connected to the battery and transmits electric current from the battery to low-load DC circuits. The power system is part of a portable toolbox. The system is connected to a vehicle's charging system or any mechanism having a alternator a first battery an engine and a starting system an would continually recharge it self. The battery for the system is connected to the alternator of a vehicle and or mechanism through an isolator, or connected directly to the alternator or battery of the vehicle and or mechanism and would transmit a direct electric current to the battery for the system which stores the charge. The inverter is electrically connected to the battery for the system and transmits an electric current from the battery to one or more low-load circuits.
Claims I claim: 1. A portable self-regenerating power system (8) that produces AC power and stores DC power for supplying electricity to tools and devices at work sites, that is configured to be electrically connected to a vehicle, wherein the vehicle includes a vehicle alternator, a battery, an engine, and a starting system, the portable self-regenerating power system (8) comprising: a) a box (28) mountable on the vehicle for housing the portable self-regenerating power system (8) and having additional space for storage, the box (28) containing a DC control panel (22), a DC to AC inverter (10), a second battery (14), an on/off key switch (12) and a timer (16); b) the DC control panel (22) electrically connecting the second battery (14), the DC to AC inverter (10), the on/off key switch (12) and the timer (16), the DC control panel (22) further comprising a DC output (18) for supplying the devices with DC power; c) an energy collecting solar panel (40) for charging the second battery (14), d) the on/off key switch (12) and timer (16) is mounted on the DC control panel (22) and is configured to electrically connect the first battery and the starting system to start and run the engine for a predetermined time in order to recharge the second battery (14) from the vehicle alternator, and stop the engine after the second battery (14) is recharged; e) the DC to AC inverter (10) comprising AC power outlets (26) for supplying AC power to the tools from the DC to AC inverter (10), the second battery (14) and the alternator; f) the box (28) housing the portable self-regenerating power system (8) is configured to electrically connect to the vehicle alternator and the first battery which operates under the control of the on/off key switch (12) and timer (16) to energize the DC control panel (22), the DC to AC inverter (10) and the second battery (14) to supply power through the DC to AC inverter (10), and to recharge the second battery (14) to store power to be used when the vehicle is not running. 2. The portable self-regenerating power system (8) according to claim 1, wherein the energy collecting Solar panel (40) is externally connected mounted on the box (28), the energy collecting Solar panel (40) being removable. 3. The portable self-regenerating power system (8) according to claim 1, wherein the DC output (18) and AC power outlets (26) are external of the box (28). 4. The portable self-regenerating power system (8) according to claim 1, wherein the DC control panel (22) further comprises a 12-V cigarette lighter power port for at least one power consuming load. 5. A portable self-regenerating power system (8) wiring kit configured to be interfaced to a vehicle's electrical system, wherein the vehicle's electrical system includes a vehicle alternator, a battery, an engine, and a starting system, the portable self-regenerating power system (8) comprising: a) a box (28) for housing the portable self-regenerating power system (8), the box (28) mounting to the vehicle and electrically connecting to the vehicle alternator through the wiring kit, b) the box (28) containing a plastic DC control panel (22), a DC to AC inverter (10), a second battery (14); c) the plastic DC control panel (22) further comprising an on/off key switch (12), a timer (16), a DC power port (20) and a 12-V cigarette lighter (18) for supplying devices with DC power; d) the on/off key switch (12) and the timer (16) electrically connects the first battery and the starting system to start the engine for a predetermined time in order to recharge the second battery (14) from the vehicle alternator, and stop the engine after the second battery (14) has recharged for a predetermined time; e) AC power outlets (26) for supplying AC power to tools from the DC to AC inverter (10), the second battery (14) and the alternator; e) the second battery (14) being recharged selectively from the vehicle alternator and an energy collecting solar panel (40) interfaced to the wiring kit; f) the second battery (14) supplying power through the DC to AC inverter (10), and storing power to be used when the vehicle is not running. 