A method for large scale manufacture of photovoltaic devices includes loading a substrate into a load lock station and transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a first process station. The method includes using a first physical deposition process in the first process station to cause formation of a first conductor layer overlying the surface region of the substrate. The method includes transferring the substrate to a second process station, and using a second physical deposition process in the second process station to cause formation of a second layer overlying the surface region of the substrate. The method further includes repeating the transferring and processing until all thin film materials of the photovoltaic devices are formed. In an embodiment, the invention also provides a method for large scale manufacture of photovoltaic devices including feed forward control. That is, the method includes in-situ monitoring of the physical, electrical, and optical properties of the thin films. These properties are used to determine and adjust process conditions for subsequent processes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic device, the method comprises: loading a substrate into a load lock station, the substrate including a surface region; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a first process station; using a first physical deposition process in the first process station to cause formation of a first conductor layer overlying the surface region of the substrate; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a second process station; using a second physical deposition process in the second process station to cause formation of a first p-type absorber material, the first p-type absorber material comprising at least a first metal chalcogenide material overlying the first conductor layer, the first p-type absorber material being characterized by a first bandgap range and a first thickness range; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a third process station; using a third physical deposition process in the third process station to cause formation of a first n-type window layer, the first n-type window layer comprising at least a second metal chalcogenide material overlying the first p-type absorber material; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a fourth process station; using a fourth physical deposition process in the fourth process station to cause formation of an n++ type semiconductor material; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a fifth process station; using a fifth physical deposition process in the fifth process station to cause formation of an p++ type semiconductor material, the p++ semiconductor material and the n++ semiconductor material forming a tunneling junction layer; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a sixth process station; using a sixth physical deposition process in the sixth process station to cause formation of a second p-type absorber material, the second p-type absorber material comprising at least a third metal chalcogenide material overlying the tunneling junction layer, the second p-type absorber material being characterized by a second bandgap range and a second thickness range; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a seventh process station; using a seventh physical deposition process in the seventh process station to cause formation of a second n-type window layer, the second n-type window layer comprising at least a fourth metal chalcogenide material overlying the second p-type absorber material; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to an eighth process station; and using an eighth physical deposition process in the eighth process station to cause formation of a second conductor layer. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising: in-situ monitoring properties of the layer being formed in each process station; determining a process condition in a subsequent physical deposition process based on data obtained in the monitoring of the earlier processes. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient comprises transferring the substrate under reduced pressure. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient comprises transferring the substrate in an ambient of N.sub.2 or Ar. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the physical deposition processes comprise sputtering using balanced magnetron. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprising forming a first buffer layer overlying the first conductor layer before the formation of the first p-type absorber material, the first buffer layer being characterized by a resistivity greater than about 10 kohm-cm. 7. The method of claim 6 further comprising forming a second buffer layer overlying the second n-type window layer before the formation of the second conductor layer; the second buffer layer being characterized by a resistivity greater than about 10 kohm-cm. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein the first buffer layer and the second buffer layer are optional. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein the substrate comprises one of silicon, germanium, or a compound semiconductor material including III-V gallium arsenide, germanium, silicon, or germanium. 10. The structure of claim 1 wherein the substrate comprises glass, quartz, or fused silica. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein the first metal chalcogenide material comprises copper (II) oxide. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein the first bandgap is less than the second bandgap. 13. The method of claim 1 wherein the first conductor layer comprises aluminum or tungsten. 14. The method of claim 1 wherein the first conductor layer comprises a transparent conducting oxide material selected from the group consisting of ZnO:Al, SnO:F, and ITO. 15. The method of claim 1 wherein the first conductor layer comprises a conductive polymer material. 16. The method of claim 1 wherein the second conductor layer comprises a transparent conducting oxide material selected from the group consisting of ZnO:Al, SnO:F, and ITO. 17. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic device, the method comprises: loading a substrate into a load lock station, the substrate including a surface region; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a first process station; using a first physical deposition process in the first process station to cause formation of a first conductor layer overlying the surface region of the substrate; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a second process station; using a second physical deposition process in the second process station to cause formation of a first p-type absorber material, the first p-type absorber material comprising at least a first metal chalcogenide material overlying the first conductor layer, the first p-type absorber material being characterized by a first bandgap range and a first thickness range; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a third process station; using a third physical deposition process in the third process station to cause formation of a first n-type window layer, the first n-type window layer comprising at least a second metal chalcogenide material overlying the first p-type absorber material; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a fourth process station; optionally, using a fourth physical deposition process in the fourth process station to cause formation of a resistive layer; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a fifth process station; using a fifth physical deposition process in the fifth process station to cause formation of a second conductive layer; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a sixth process station; using a sixth physical deposition process in the sixth process station to cause formation of a second p-type absorber material, the second p-type absorber material comprising at least a third metal chalcogenide material, the second p-type absorber material being characterized by a second bandgap range and a second thickness range; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a seventh process station; using a seventh physical deposition process in the seventh process station to cause formation of a second n-type window layer, the second n-type window layer comprising at least a fourth metal chalcogenide material overlying the second p-type absorber material; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to an eighth process station; and using an eighth physical deposition process in the eighth process station to cause formation of a third conductor layer. 18. The method of claim 17 further comprising: in-situ monitoring properties of the layer being formed in each process station; determining a process condition in a subsequent physical deposition process based on data obtained in the monitoring of the earlier processes. 19. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic device, the method comprises: loading a substrate into a load lock station, the substrate including a surface region; transferring the substrate under a controlled ambient to a first process station; using a first physical deposition process in the first process station to cause formation of a first conductor layer overlying the surface region of the substrate; transferring the substrate under reduced pressure to a second process station; using a second physical deposition process in the second process station to cause formation of a first p-type absorber material, the first p-type absorber material comprising at least a first metal chalcogenide material overlying the first conductor layer, the first p-type absorber material being characterized by a first bandgap range and a first thickness range; monitoring properties of the first p-type absorber material in the second process station; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a third process station; using a third physical deposition process in the third process station to cause formation of a first n-type window layer, the first n-type window layer comprising at least a second metal chalcogenide material overlying the first p-type absorber layer, the third physical deposition process being determined based on the properties of the first p-type absorber material; transferring the substrate under a controlled ambient to a fourth process station; and using a fourth physical deposition process in the fourth process station to cause formation of a second conductor layer overlying the first n-type window layer. 20. The method of claim 19 further comprising forming a second barrier layer overlying the first conductor layer. 21. The method of claim 19 further comprising forming a first resistivity layer overlying the first conductor layer before the formation of the first p-type absorber material, the first resistivity layer being characterized by a resistivity greater than about 10 kohm-cm. 22. The method of claim 19 further comprising: in-situ monitoring properties of the layer being formed in each process station; determining a process condition in a subsequent physical deposition process based on data obtained in the monitoring of the earlier processes. 23. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic device, the method comprises: loading a substrate into a load lock station, the substrate including a surface region; transferring the substrate under a controlled ambient to a first process station; using a first physical deposition process in the first process station to cause formation of a first conductor layer overlying the surface region of the substrate; transferring the substrate under a controlled ambient to a second process station; using a second physical deposition process in the second process station to cause formation of a first p-type absorber material, the first p-type absorber material comprising at least a first metal chalcogenide material overlying the first conductor layer, the first p-type absorber material being characterized by a first bandgap range and a first thickness range; monitoring properties of the first p-type absorber material in the second process station; determining a process condition in a third physical deposition process based on data obtained in the monitoring; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a third process station; using the third physical deposition process in the third process station to cause formation of a first n-type window layer, the first n-type window layer comprising at least a second metal chalcogenide material overlying the first p-type absorber material, transferring the substrate under a controlled ambient to a fourth process station; and using a fourth physical deposition process in the fourth process station to cause formation of a second conductor layer overlying the first n-type window layer. 24. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic device, the method comprises: loading a substrate into a load lock station, the substrate including a surface region; transferring the substrate under a controlled ambient to a first process station; using a first physical deposition process in the first process station to cause formation of a first conductor layer overlying the surface region of the substrate; transferring the substrate under reduced pressure to a second process station; using a second physical deposition process in the second process station to cause formation of a first n-type window layer, the first n-type window layer comprising at least a second metal chalcogenide material; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a third process station; using a third physical deposition process in the third process station to cause formation of a first p-type absorber material, the first p-type absorber material comprising at least a first metal chalcogenide material overlying the first conductor layer, the first p-type absorber material being characterized by a first bandgap range and a first thickness range; transferring the substrate under a controlled ambient to a fourth process station; and using a fourth physical deposition process in the fourth process station to cause formation of a second conductor layer overlying the first n-type window layer. 25. The method of claim 24 further comprising: in-situ monitoring properties of the layer being formed in each process station; and determining a process condition in a subsequent physical deposition process based on data obtained in the monitoring of the earlier processes. 