An electrical connector assembly including a mounting ring having an interior region, a sealing surface at one axial end for securing to a surface, and a securement rim at an opposite axial end. A connector body having engagement surfaces can engage and seal to the mounting ring. The connector body can include electrical terminals extending into the interior region of the mounting ring for engaging mating electrical terminals.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electrical connector assembly comprising: a mounting ring having an interior region, a sealing surface at one axial end for securing to a surface, and a continuous securement rim at an opposite axial end; and a connector body having continuous engagement surfaces comprising a groove formed in the connector body shaped for engaging and continuously self locking and sealing to the securement rim of the mounting ring, thereby continuously lockably sealing around the periphery of the mounting ring and the interior region, the connector body including electrical terminals extending into the interior region of the mounting ring for engaging mating electrical terminals. 2. The assembly of claim 1 in which the mounting ring includes an adhesive layer on the sealing surface. 3. The assembly of claim 1 in which the connector body includes an adhesive layer. 4. The assembly of claim 3 in which the electrical terminals comprise at least four female electrical terminals with circular resilient sockets. 5. The assembly of claim 4 in which the female electrical terminals are electrically connected in electrical circuitry including bypass circuitry. 6. The assembly of claim 5 in which the electrical circuitry includes diodes. 7. The assembly of claim 5 further comprising a removable cover for providing access to the electrical circuitry. 8. The assembly of claim 1 in which the electrical terminals are electrically connected to cables extending from the connector body. 9. The assembly of claim 1 further comprising a solar panel having an electrical connection region with protruding circular male terminals, the mounting ring being secured around the electrical connection region whereby the circular male terminals protrude into the interior region of the mounting ring for engagement with female electrical terminals of the connector body which have circular resilient sockets. 10. The assembly of claim 9 further comprising laminating material applied to surround the mounting ring, the mounting ring blocking entry of the laminating material into the electrical connection region. 11. A method of forming an electrical connection with an electrical connector assembly having a mounting ring and a connector body comprising: securing the mounting ring to a surface, the mounting ring having an interior region, a sealing surface at one axial end for securing to the surface, and a continuous securement rim at an opposite axial end; and engaging and continuously self locking and sealing continuous engagement surfaces of the connector body to the securement rim of the mounting ring which comprise a groove formed in the connector body, thereby continuously lockably sealing around the periphery of the mounting ring and the interior region, the connector body including electrical terminals extending into the interior region of the mounting ring which engage mating electrical terminals protruding from the surface into the interior of the mounting ring. 12. The method of claim 11 further comprising securing the mounting ring with an adhesive layer on the sealing surface. 13. The method of claim 11 further comprising providing the connector body with an adhesive layer. 14. The method of claim 13 further comprising providing the electrical terminals with at least four female electrical terminals having circular resilient sockets. 15. The method of claim 14 further comprising electrically connecting the female electrical terminals in electrical circuitry including bypass circuitry. 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising providing the electrical circuitry with diodes. 17. The method of claim 15 further comprising providing access to the electrical circuitry with a removable cover. 18. The method of claim 11 further comprising electrically connecting the electrical terminals to cables extending from the connector body. 19. The method of claim 11 further comprising securing the mounting ring around an electrical connection region of a solar panel having circular male terminals protruding into the interior region of the mounting ring which engage female electrical terminals of the connector body which have circular resilient sockets. 20. The method of claim 19 further comprising applying laminating material surrounding the mounting ring, the mounting ring blocking entry of the laminating material into the electrical connection region. 