In some embodiments, an apparatus or system may include multiple power extractors each coupled to a different power source. The power extractors may be in parallel or in series. The extractors and power supplies may be joined together in a frame. A power source and power extractor may be included in an integrated circuit. Other embodiments are described and claimed.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus comprising: a first node; a photovoltaic power source coupled to the first node; a second node to couple to a load; and a power extractor to transfer power from the photovoltaic power source between the first and second nodes, wherein the power extractor, the first node, the power source, and the second node are each part of a single integrated circuit, and wherein the power extractor is to be operated such that impedances of the power extractor are dynamically changed both in response to detected power changes at the source and a capacity of the load to receive power generated by the power source, an output impedance as seen from the second node to be dynamically changed when the load cannot receive all power generated by the power source, to approach matching a first impedance outside the power extractor as seen from the second node, the first impedance including an impedance of the power extractor and the power source coupled to the first node; an input impedance as seen from the first node to be dynamically changed when the load can receive more power than generated by the power source, to approach matching a second impedance outside the power extractor as seen from the first node, the second impedance including an impedance of the power extractor and the load coupled to the second node; and both output and input impedances of the power extractor to be dynamically changed when the load can receive all power generated by the power source. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the power extractor seeks to match an input impedance of the power extractor with an output impedance of the power source. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the power extractor is operated to seek to transfer a magnitude of power from a power source such that the power source provides a maximum available power given conditions beyond the control of the power extractor. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a third node and a fourth node; a second photovoltaic power source; and a second power extractor to transfer power from the second photovoltaic power source between the third and fourth nodes, wherein the power extractor, the third node, the power source, and the fourth node are each part of a second single integrated circuit, and wherein the second and fourth nodes are joined to each other. 5. An apparatus comprising: a first node, a second node, a third node, and a fourth node, the second node to couple to a first load and the fourth node to couple to a second load; and a first power source coupled to the first node and a second power source coupled to the third node; a first power extractor to transfer first power between the first and second nodes including providing a first current to the second node, and wherein the first power extractor includes first power change analysis circuitry to detect first power changes from the first power source, and wherein the first power extractor transfers the first power at magnitudes that are at least partially dependent on the detected first power changes; wherein the first power extractor is to be operated such that impedances of the power extractor are dynamically changed both in response to the detected first power changes and a capacity of the first load to receive power generated by the first power source, an output impedance as seen from the second node to be dynamically changed when the first load cannot receive all power generated by the first power source, to approach matching a first impedance outside the first power extractor as seen from the second node, the first impedance including an impedance of the first power extractor and the first power source coupled to the first node; an input impedance as seen from the first node to be dynamically changed when the first load can receive more power than generated by the first power source, to approach matching a second impedance outside the first power extractor as seen from the first node, the second impedance including an impedance of the first power extractor and the first load coupled to the second node; and both output and input impedances of the first power extractor to be dynamically changed when the first load can receive all power generated by the first power source; and a second power extractor to transfer second power between the third and fourth nodes including providing a second current to the fourth node, and wherein the second power extractor includes second power change analysis circuitry to detect second power changes from the second power source, and wherein the second power extractor transfers the second power at magnitudes that are at least partially dependent on the detected second power changes; wherein the second power extractor is to be operated to dynamically change impedance of the second power extractor in response to the detected second power changes and a capacity of the second load to receive power generated by the second power source, an output impedance as seen from the fourth node to be dynamically changed when the second load cannot receive all power generated by the second power source, to approach matching a third impedance outside the second power extractor as seen from the fourth node, the third impedance including an impedance of the second power extractor and the second power source coupled to the third node; an input impedance as seen from the third node to be dynamically changed when the second load can receive more power than generated by the second power source, to approach matching a fourth impedance outside the second power extractor as seen from the third node, the fourth impedance including an impedance of the second power extractor and the second load coupled to the fourth node; and both output and input impedances of the second power extractor to be dynamically changed when the second load can receive all power generated by the second power source; and a frame to hold the first and second power sources and the first and second power extractors. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the second and fourth nodes are connected to each other, and the first and second loads are the same load. 7. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the first power source is adjacent to the first power extractor and the second power source is adjacent to the second power extractor. 8. The apparatus of claim 5, further comprising a central station to obtain information from the first and second power extractors. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the central station is also to provide information to the first and second power extractors. 10. A system comprising: a first direct current (DC) power source and a second DC power source; a first node, a second node, and a third node, wherein the second node is to couple to a load; a first power extractor coupled to the first power source through the first node to transfer DC power from the first power source through the first node to the second node; wherein the first power extractor is to be operated such that impedances of the power extractor are dynamically changed both in response to detected first power changes and a capacity of the load to receive power generated by the first power source, an output impedance as seen from the second node to be dynamically changed when the load cannot receive all power generated by the first power source, to approach matching a first impedance outside the first power extractor as seen from the second node, the first impedance including an impedance of the first power extractor and the first power source coupled to the first node; an input impedance as seen from the first node to be dynamically changed when the load can receive more power than generated by the first power source, to approach matching a second impedance outside the first power extractor as seen from the first node, the second impedance including an impedance of the first power extractor and the load coupled to the second node; and both output and input impedances of the first power extractor to be dynamically changed when the load can receive all power generated by the first power source; and a second power extractor coupled to the second power source through the third node to transfer DC power from the second power source through the third node to the second node, wherein a first current from the first power extractor is combined with a second current from the second power extractor at the second node; and wherein the second power extractor is to be operated to dynamically change impedance of the second power extractor in response to detected second power changes and a capacity of the load to receive power generated by the second power source, an output impedance as seen from the second node to be dynamically changed when the load cannot receive all power generated by the second power source, to approach matching a third impedance outside the second power extractor as seen from the second node, the third impedance including an impedance of the second power extractor and the second power source coupled to the third node; an input impedance as seen from the third node to be dynamically changed when the load can receive more power than generated by the second power source, to approach matching a fourth impedance outside the second power extractor as seen from the third node, the fourth impedance including an impedance of the second power extractor and the load coupled to the second node; and both output and input impedances of the second power extractor to be dynamically changed when the load can receive all power generated by the second power source. 11. The system of claim 10, further comprising a frame to which the first and second power sources are rigidly coupled. 12. The system of claim 10, further comprising a frame to which the first and second power sources and the first and second power extractors are rigidly coupled. 13. The system of claim 10, wherein the first power extractor is positioned adjacent to the first power source, and the second power extractor is positioned adjacent to the second power source. 14. The system of claim 10, wherein an amount of power provided by the first power extractor depends at least in part on characteristics of the first power source, and an amount of power provided by the second power extractor depends at least in part on characteristics of the second power source. 15. The system of claim 10, in which the first and second power extractors selectively transfer power from the first and second power sources, and at times the first and second power extractors do not transfer power from the first and second power sources. 16. The system of claim 10, further comprising additional power extractors to provide current to the second node from additional power sources. 17. The system of claim 10, wherein the power source includes at least one of the following: photovoltaic, wind power, a hydrogen power generator, a battery, piezo-electric, hydro-electric, thermocouple power sources and other stable variable power sources, and other unstable power sources. 18. The system of claim 10, further comprising a central station to obtain information from the first and second power extractors. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the central station is also to provide information to the first and second power extractors. 20. A system comprising: a node; a group of direct current (DC) power sources arranged in a frame; and a group of power extractors to each provide DC electrical power from only one of the power sources to the node, each power extractor to separately monitor a maximum power point of only the one of the power sources and impedance match to the node. wherein each power extractor is to be operated such that impedances of the power extractor are dynamically changed both in response to detected power changes and a capacity of a load coupled to the node to receive power generated by a respective power source, an output impedance as seen from the node to be dynamically changed when the load cannot receive all power generated by the power source, to approach matching a first impedance outside the power extractor as seen from the node, the first impedance including an impedance of the power extractor and the respective power source coupled to the power extractor; an input impedance as seen from the respective power source to be dynamically changed when the load can receive more power than generated by the respective power source, to approach matching a second impedance outside the power extractor as seen from the respective power source, the second impedance including an impedance of the power extractor and the load coupled to the node; and both output and input impedances of the power extractor to be dynamically changed when the load can receive all power generated by the respective power source. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein the power extractors are each positioned adjacent to one of the power sources. 22. The system of claim 20, wherein the power sources are photovoltaic power sources. 23. The system of claim 22, wherein the photovoltaic power sources are panels each including multiple photovoltaic cells. 24. The system of claim 22, wherein the photovoltaic power sources are each a single photovoltaic cell. 25. The system of claim 20, further comprising additional power sources arranged in the frame, and additional power extractors electrically coupled between ones of the additional power sources, respectively, and the node, wherein the additional power extractors are each positioned adjacent to one of the additional power sources. 26. The system of claim 20, wherein the power extractors and corresponding ones of the power sources are separated by a portion of the frame. 27. The system of claim 20, wherein the power extractors and corresponding power sources are joined together. 28. The system of claim 20, wherein the power extractors and corresponding power sources are joined together through an adhesive material. 29. The system of claim 20, further comprising a central station to obtain information from the first and second power extractors. 30. The system of claim 29, wherein the central station is also to provide information to the first and second power extractors. 31. A system including: first, second, and third nodes; a direct current (DC) power source to provide DC power to the first node; a first power extractor to transfer DC power from the first node to the second node; and a second power extractor to transfer DC power from the second node to the third node and increase the voltage of the DC power at the second node; wherein the second power extractor is to be operated such that impedances of the second power extractor are dynamically changed both in response to detected power changes and a capacity of a load coupled to third node to receive power generated by the DC power source, an output impedance as seen from the third node to be dynamically changed when the load cannot receive all power generated by the DC power source, to approach matching a first impedance outside the second power extractor as seen from the third node, the first impedance including an impedance of the first and second power extractors and the DC power source; an input impedance as seen from the second node to be dynamically changed when the load can receive more power than generated by the DC power source, to approach matching a second impedance outside the second power extractor as seen from the second node, the second impedance including an impedance of the second power extractor and the load coupled to the third node; and both output and input impedances of the second power extractor to be dynamically changed when the load can receive all power generated by the DC power source. 32. The system of claim 31, wherein the power source is a photovoltaic cell. 33. The system of claim 31, further comprising a transmission line between the second and third nodes. 34. The system of claim 31, further comprising: fourth and fifth nodes; a second power source to provide power to the fourth node; a third power extractor to transfer power from the fourth node to the fifth node; and a fourth power extractor to transfer power from the fifth node to the third node and increase the voltage of the power at the fifth node; wherein the fourth power extractor is to be operated to dynamically change impedance of the fourth power extractor in response to detected power changes and a capacity of the load coupled to the third node to receive power generated by the second power source, an output impedance as seen from the third node to be dynamically changed when the load cannot receive all power generated by the second power source, to approach matching a third impedance outside the fourth power extractor as seen from the third node, the second impedance including an impedance of the third and fourth power extractors and the second power source; an input impedance as seen from the fourth node to be dynamically changed when the load can receive more power than generated by the second power source, to approach matching a fourth impedance outside the fourth power extractor as seen from the fourth node, the fourth impedance including an impedance of the fourth power extractor and the load coupled to the third node; and both output and input impedances of the fourth power extractor to be dynamically changed when the load can receive all power generated by the second power source. 35. The system of claim 31, wherein the first and second power extractors provide impedance matching. 36. The system of claim 31, further comprising a central station to obtain information from the first and second power extractors. 