A solar powered apparatus that includes a battery, at least one photovoltaic cell (which may be part of a solar module comprising multiple photovoltaic cells), and a DC-capable AC appliance, such as a compact fluorescent light. The solar powered apparatus may also include a first DC to DC converter that receives a first electrical signal from the at least one photovoltaic cell and provides a charging signal to the battery, and a second DC to DC converter that receives a second electrical signal from the battery and provides a DC power signal to the DC-capable AC appliance.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered apparatus configured to be connected to a DC-capable AC appliance, the apparatus comprising: a battery; at least one photovoltaic cell; a first DC to DC converter that receives a first electrical signal from the at least one photovoltaic cell and provides a charging signal to the battery; and a second DC to DC converter that receives a second electrical signal from at least one of the battery and the first DC to DC converter, and is configured to provide a DC power signal to the DC-capable AC appliance. 2. The solar powered apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the first DC to DC converter is a non-isolated buck converter. 3. The solar powered apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the first DC to DC converter is a boost converter. 4. The solar powered apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the first DC to DC converter includes maximum power point tracking circuitry. 5. The solar powered apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a solar module comprising a plurality of photovoltaic cells, including the at least one photovoltaic cell. 6. The solar powered apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a plurality of fixtures coupled to the second DC to DC converter, each fixture of the plurality of fixtures configured to be coupled to a corresponding one of a plurality of DC-capable AC appliances. 7. The solar powered apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a microcontroller coupled to the first DC to DC converter and to the second DC to DC converter, the microcontroller being constructed and arranged to control components of the first and second DC to DC converters. 8. The solar powered apparatus as claimed in claim 7, further comprising a housing, and wherein the microcontroller, the first DC to DC converter and the second DC to DC converter are disposed within the housing. 9. The solar powered apparatus as claimed in claim 8, wherein the battery is disposed within the housing. 10. A photovoltaic system comprising: a solar module including at least one photovoltaic cell, the solar module configured to convert energy received from sunlight into a first electrical signal; a battery; at least one fixture configured to be connected to a DC-capable AC appliance; a first DC to DC converter coupled between the solar module and the battery, the first DC to DC converter configured to receive the first electrical signal from the solar module and to supply a charging signal to the battery; and a step-up DC to DC converter coupled to the first DC to DC converter and to the battery and configured to receive a second electrical signal from at least one of the battery and the first DC to DC converter, the step-up DC to DC converter configured to provide a DC power signal to the at least one fixture, the DC power signal having a higher voltage than the second electrical signal. 11. The photovoltaic system as claimed in claim 10, wherein the first DC to DC converter is a non-isolated buck converter. 12. The photovoltaic system as claimed in claim 10, wherein the first DC to DC converter is a non-isolated boost converter. 13. The photovoltaic system as claimed in claim 10, wherein the step-up DC to DC converter is a non-isolated step-up DC to DC converter comprising an inductor, a transistor, a diode and a capacitor coupled together and configured to step-up a voltage of the second electrical signal to provide the DC power signal. 14. The photovoltaic system as claimed in claim 13, further comprising a controller coupled to the step-up DC to DC converter and configured to monitor at least one of the voltage and a current of the DC power signal to detect fault conditions. 15. The photovoltaic system as claimed in claim 14, wherein the controller is coupled to the battery and configured to disconnect the battery from the step-up DC to DC converter responsive to a detected fault condition. 16. The photovoltaic system as claimed in claim 10, wherein the at least one fixture includes a switch configured to turn off the DC power signal at the fixture. 17. The photovoltaic system as claimed in claim 10, wherein the at least one fixture comprises a plurality of fixtures, and further comprising a plurality of DC-capable AC appliances, each DC-capable AC appliance coupled to a corresponding one of the plurality of fixtures. 18. The photovoltaic system as claimed in claim 17, wherein the plurality of DC-capable AC appliances includes a plurality of compact fluorescent lights. 19. The photovoltaic system as claimed in claim 17, wherein the plurality of DC-capable AC appliances includes at least one of a television set, a radio, a computer, and a compact fluorescent light. 20. The photovoltaic system as claimed in claim 10, further comprising a controller coupled to the battery, the first DC to DC converter and the step-up DC to DC converter, the controller being programmed with a charge profile of the battery and configured to monitor a temperature of the battery and to control the first DC to DC converter to charge the battery according to the charge profile. 