A battery and photovoltaic based power system comprises a power bus, a battery, a battery circuit, a photovoltaic circuit, a photovoltaic diode, and a switch control. The power bus comprises a supply side and a return side. The battery is coupled to the return side. The battery circuit couples the battery to the supply side and comprises a switch and a diode in parallel with the switch. The photovoltaic circuit is coupled to the return side and comprises a photovoltaic array and a second switch in parallel with the photovoltaic array. The second switch opens if the supply side is substantially depleted of power. The photovoltaic diode is connected in series with the photovoltaic circuit, with a cathode of the photovoltaic diode coupled to the supply side. The switch control monitors one or more battery parameters and controls the switch based on the one or more battery parameters.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A battery and photovoltaic based power system, comprising: a power bus comprising a supply side and a return side; a battery coupled to the return side; a battery switch circuit coupling the battery to the supply side, the battery switch circuit comprising a battery switch and a battery diode in parallel with the battery switch, wherein a cathode of the battery diode is coupled to the battery and an anode of the battery diode is coupled to the supply side; a first photovoltaic array circuit coupled to the return side, the first photovoltaic array circuit comprising a first photovoltaic array and a first photovoltaic array switch in parallel with the first photovoltaic array, wherein the first photovoltaic array switch is configured to open if the supply side is substantially depleted of power; a first photovoltaic array diode connected in series with the first photovoltaic array circuit, wherein a cathode of the first photovoltaic array diode is coupled to the supply side and an anode of the first photovoltaic array diode is coupled to the first photovoltaic array circuit; and a switch control module coupled to the battery, the battery switch, and the first photovoltaic array switch, the switch control module configured to monitor one or more battery parameters and control the battery switch based on the one or more battery parameters. 2. The power system of claim 1, wherein the switch control module is further configured to open the battery switch if a charge remaining in the battery drops below an over-discharge threshold. 3. The power system of claim 2, wherein the over-discharge threshold is approximately 5% of a charge capacity of the battery. 4. The power system of claim 1, wherein the switch control module is further configured to close the battery switch if a charge remaining in the battery is greater than a closing threshold. 5. The power system of claim 4, wherein the closing threshold is approximately 20% of a charge capacity of the battery. 6. The power system of claim 1, wherein the switch control module is further configured to open or close the first photovoltaic array switch based on the one or more battery parameters. 7. The power system of claim 1, wherein the first photovoltaic array switch comprises a field effect transistor. 8. The power system of claim 1, wherein the battery comprises a lithium ion battery. 9. The power system of claim 1, further comprising: a second photovoltaic array circuit coupled to the return side, the second photovoltaic array circuit comprising a second photovoltaic array and a second photovoltaic array switch in parallel with the second photovoltaic array, wherein the second photovoltaic array switch is configured to open if the supply side is substantially depleted of power; and a second photovoltaic array diode connected in series with the second photovoltaic array circuit, wherein a cathode of the second photovoltaic array diode is coupled to the supply side and an anode of the second photovoltaic array diode is coupled to the second photovoltaic array circuit, wherein the switch control module is coupled to the second photovoltaic array switch. 10. The power system of claim 9, wherein the switch control module is further configured to open or close the second photovoltaic array switch based on the one or more battery parameters. 11. A battery and photovoltaic based power system, comprising: a power bus comprising a supply side and a return side; a lithium ion battery coupled to the return side; a battery switch circuit coupling the lithium ion battery to the supply side, the battery switch circuit comprising a battery switch and a battery diode in parallel with the battery switch, wherein a cathode of the battery diode is coupled to the lithium ion battery and an anode of the battery diode is coupled to the supply side; a first photovoltaic array circuit coupled to the return side, the first photovoltaic array circuit comprising a first photovoltaic array and a field effect transistor in parallel with the first photovoltaic array, wherein the field effect transistor is configured to open if the supply side is substantially depleted of power; a first photovoltaic array diode connected in series with the first photovoltaic array circuit, wherein a cathode of the first photovoltaic array diode is coupled to the supply side and an anode of the first photovoltaic array diode is coupled to the first photovoltaic array circuit; and a switch control module coupled to the lithium ion battery, the battery switch, and the field effect transistor, the switch control module configured to monitor one or more battery parameters and control the battery switch based on the one or more battery parameters. 12. The power system of claim 11, wherein the switch control module is further configured to open the battery switch if a charge remaining in the lithium ion battery drops below an over-discharge threshold. 13. The power system of claim 12, wherein the over-discharge threshold is approximately 5% of a charge capacity of the lithium ion battery. 14. The power system of claim 11, wherein the switch control module is further configured to close the battery switch if a charge remaining in the lithium ion battery is greater than a closing threshold. 15. The power system of claim 14, wherein the closing threshold is approximately 20% of a charge capacity of the lithium ion battery. 16. The power system of claim 11, wherein the switch control module is further configured to open or close the field effect transistor based on the one or more battery parameters. 17. A battery and photovoltaic powered vehicle, comprising: a load; a power bus coupled to the load, the power bus configured to supply power to the load, the power bus comprising a supply side and a return side; a battery coupled to the return side; a battery switch circuit coupling the battery to the supply side, the battery switch circuit comprising a battery switch and a battery diode in parallel with the battery switch, wherein a cathode of the battery diode is coupled to the battery and an anode of the battery diode is coupled to the supply side; a first photovoltaic array circuit coupled to the return side, the first photovoltaic array circuit comprising a first photovoltaic array and a first photovoltaic array switch in parallel with the first photovoltaic array, wherein the first photovoltaic array switch is configured to open if the supply side is substantially depleted of power; a first photovoltaic array diode connected in series with the first photovoltaic array circuit, wherein a cathode of the first photovoltaic array diode is coupled to the supply side and an anode of the first photovoltaic array diode is coupled to the first photovoltaic array circuit; and a switch control module coupled to the battery, the battery switch, and the first photovoltaic array switch, the switch control module configured to monitor one or more battery parameters and control the battery switch based on the one or more battery parameters. 18. The vehicle of claim 17, wherein the vehicle comprises a spacecraft, a satellite, a solar-powered vehicle, an automobile, a boat, or an aircraft. 19. The vehicle of claim 17, wherein the load comprises communication devices, cameras, or motors. 20. The vehicle of claim 17, wherein the switch control module is further configured to open the battery switch if a charge remaining in the battery drops below an over-discharge threshold. 