A method and system for connecting a vehicle to a charging source comprising: at least one retractable protrusion operatively connected to a battery terminal; the at least one retractable protrusion being mounted on the vehicle; at least one receptacle operatively connected to the charging source adapted to receive the retractable protrusion for electrical connection of a vehicle to a charging source; whereby by driving the vehicle in the proximity of the at least one receptacle, the charging source is connected to the electrical system of the vehicle as the retractable protrusion engages the at least one receptacle. Another embodiment comprises at least one solar element for converting solar power to electric power; at least one battery for storing electricity generated by the solar element; the solar element being operatively connected to the at least one battery for storing electric power therein; first and second vehicle based connectors for connecting the vehicle power supply to the charging system, the first and second vehicle based connectors being located on the periphery of the vehicle such that the vehicle may be connected to the vehicle charging system by alignment of the vehicle with first and second external connectors operatively associated with the external charging system; whereby by maneuvering the vehicle, the first and second vehicle based connectors are bought into contact with the first and second external connectors to enable charging of the vehicle battery.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An assembly for connecting a vehicle to a charging source comprising: a housing removably mounted to the vehicle exterior; at least one retractable protrusion operatively connected to a battery terminal of the vehicle; the at least one retractable protrusion being mounted within the housing; the at least one retractable protrusion adapted to be connected to at least one receptacle operatively connected to the charging source for electrical connection of a vehicle to the charging source; the charging source comprising a parking meter, at least one solar panel and at least one storage battery in close proximity to the solar panel for storage of electricity from the at least one solar panel, the parking meter comprising a parking meter support which is positioned in the ground, the at least one solar panel having a panel support for supporting the at least one solar panel above the parking meter, the panel support being operatively connected to the parking meter and/or the parking meter support; electricity generated by the at least one solar panel operating to charge the at least one storage battery, the parking meter comprising a meter for monitoring the flow of electricity from the storage battery, and electricity being dispensed from the storage battery upon payment of a fee into the parking meter; whereby by driving the vehicle in the proximity of the at least one receptacle, the charging source is connected to the electrical system of the vehicle as the retractable protrusion engages the at least one receptacle thereby allowing electricity from the storage battery to recharge the vehicle. 2. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the at least one retractable protrusion comprises an electrode movably mounted centrally within a solenoid mounted within the housing, the solenoid operating to propel the electrode into the at least one receptacle, and wherein the housing is movably attached to the vehicle and wherein the at least one receptacle has guides associated therewith for guiding the housing into alignment with the at least one receptacle. 3. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the lower portion of the housing is adapted to engage a ramped portion associated with the at least one receptacle; whereby the ramp portion causes the housing to align vertically with the at least one receptacle. 4. The assembly of claim 3 wherein the housing is mounted to the vehicle by at least one spring and as the bottom of the housing engages the ramp, the springs permit the housing to align with the surface of the ramp. 5. The assembly of claim 3 wherein the housing has at least one rotating element operatively associated therewith which engages the ramp portion. 6. The assembly of claim 5 wherein the rotating element is a wheel or roller. 7. The assembly of claim 1 further comprising at least one wind vane operatively associated with the at least one solar panel. 8. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the storage battery is positioned behind the at least one solar panel and wherein, the solar panel has a wind vane associated therewith, the wind vane operating to generate electricity in a first mode and to provide a cooling effect in a second mode. 9. The assembly of claim 1 wherein as the vehicle moves forward the housing is adjustably mounted by springs which adjust the position of the housing and the at least one retractable protrusion so that the at least one retractable protrusion is aligned for entry into the receptacle; the housing being mechanically adjusted by a plurality of guides mounted adjacent to the at least one receptacle; the adjustment of the housing relative to the at least one receptacle occurring without operator intervention. 10. The assembly of claim 9 wherein the plurality of guides operable in both the horizontal and vertical directions to guide the housing into alignment with the at least one receptacle, the guides being biased by a plurality of springs. 11. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the insertion of the at least one retractable protrusion into the at least one receptacle is laser guided. 12. The assembly of claim 1 further including feedback means for determining whether the at least one retractable protrusion is adequately inserted into the at least on receptacle. 13. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the charging source comprises at least one wind vane operative associated with the at least one solar panel for generating electricity in a first mode and for cooling the solar panel in a second mode. 14. The assembly of claim 13 wherein further comprising a motor generator and a shaft operatively connected thereto, the at least one wind vane and the at least one solar panel being mounted on the shaft for rotation thereof; the motor generator operating to rotate the wind vane and at least one solar panel in a first mode to provide a cooling effect and the at least one wind vane operating to turn the shaft in response to the flow of wind to generate electricity in the second mode. 15. An assembly for connecting a vehicle to a charging source comprising: a housing removably mounted to the vehicle exterior; at least one retractable protrusion operatively connected to a battery terminal of the vehicle; the at least one retractable protrusion being mounted within the housing; the at least one retractable protrusion adapted to be connected to at least one receptacle operatively connected to the charging source for electrical connection of a vehicle to the charging source; the charging source comprising a parking meter, at least one solar panel, at least one wind vane, at least one motor generator, and at least one storage battery in close proximity to the solar panel for storage of electricity from the at least one solar panel and the at least one wind vane, the parking meter comprising a parking meter support which is positioned in the ground, the at least one solar panel and the at least one wind vane being mounted on a shaft for rotation thereof, the shaft being operatively associated with a motor generator, the charging source being operatively connected to the parking meter and/or the parking meter support; electricity generated by the at least one solar panel and the at least one wind vane operating to charge the at least one storage battery, the parking meter comprising a meter for monitoring the flow of electricity from the storage battery, and electricity being dispensed from the storage battery upon payment of a fee into the parking meter; whereby by driving the vehicle in the proximity of the at least one receptacle, the charging source is connected to the electrical system of the vehicle as the retractable protrusion engages the at least one receptacle thereby allowing electricity from the storage battery to recharge the vehicle. 16. An external vehicle charging system comprising: at least one parking meter next to a parking space in a street, into which a vehicle operator pays a fee to purchase time so as to he authorized to park a vehicle for a length of time, at least one solar element for converting solar power to electric power; at least one wind vane for converting wind power to electric power; the wind vane being operatively associated with a generator which generates electricity in response to the turning of the wind vane, at least one battery operatively associated with the at least one parking meter for storing electricity generated by the solar element and wind vane; the solar element and the generator being operatively connected to the at least one battery for storing electric power therein; first and second external connectors operatively associated with the at least one battery, the first and second external connectors adapted to be connected to first and second vehicle based connectors operatively associated with the vehicle charging system for connecting the vehicle power supply to the vehicle charging system while the vehicle is parked in the parking space, the first and second vehicle connectors being mounted within a removable housing on the vehicle, the removable housing being adjustable mounted to the vehicle; whereby upon payment of a fee into the parking meter, the external vehicle charging system is activated to enable the charging of the vehicle battery system using solar and wind power. 17. The system of claim 16 wherein the vehicle is one of an electric car, truck or bus, and wherein the first and second vehicle based connectors are located on the periphery of the vehicle within the removable housing such that the vehicle may be connected to the vehicle charging system by alignment of the vehicle with first and second external connectors operatively associated with the external charging system; whereby by maneuvering the vehicle, the first and second vehicle based connectors are bought into contact with the first and second external connectors to enable charging of the vehicle battery. 18. The system of claim 16 wherein the at least one parking meter comprises a central portion comprising a meter for measurement of electricity transferred to the vehicle. 19. The system of claim 17 wherein wherein as the vehicle moves forward the removable housing is adjustably mounted by springs which adjust the position of the housing and the at least one retractable protrusion so that the at least one retractable protrusion is aligned for entry into the receptacle; the housing being mechanically adjusted by a plurality of guides mounted adjacent to the at least one receptacle; the adjustment of the housing relative to the at least one receptacle occurring without operator intervention. 20. The system of claim 17 wherein the storage battery is positioned behind the at least one solar panel and wherein the solar panel and the at least one wind vane revolve together, the at least one wind vane operating to generate electricity in a first mode and to provide a cooling effect in a second mode. 