Plant supporting apparatuses designed to hang a planter and plant at a variety of desired locations without lines for external electrical or water supply. Power is provided by solar cells. This construction allows the placement of plants almost anywhere and provides desired routine maintenance automatically. The apparatuses rotate the plant to grow uniformly even though incident light is non-uniform. There are two main assemblies which rotate relative to each other. A pump transfers liquids from a reservoir to a dispensing outlet onto a planter. The pump may be configured to move within the reservoir to stir the water, fertilizer or other liquids being fed to the planter. A planter is also shown which has solar cells and other parts mounted thereon. A control system is used to control operation and ambient light and reservoir liquid level are sensed.
Claims I claim: 1. An apparatus for hanging, rotating, and supplying a liquid to a planter positioned in the apparatus, said planter being operable at various hanging locations without needing outside service connections, comprising: a stationary assembly for being hung in a desired hanging location for said apparatus; a rotating assembly rotatably connected to the stationary assembly for relative rotation with respect thereto, said rotating assembly being adapted to rotate a planter supported upon said apparatus; at least one reservoir on said apparatus for holding said liquid; at least one dispenser for dispensing liquid from said at least one reservoir to said planter when positioned in the apparatus; at least one liquid supply for controllably transferring liquid from said at least one reservoir to said at least one dispenser; at least one drive for controllably rotating the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly; at least one on-board power generator supported by said apparatus for supplying electrical power used to operate the apparatus; at least one controller for controlling rotation and dispensing of liquid by said at least one dispenser; and at least one planter support forming part of the rotating assembly for supporting said planter. 2. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said liquid supply comprises a pump, and a tube in fluid communication with said pump. 3. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said at least one onboard power supply comprises at least one solar cell which generates electricity. 4. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said at least one rotating assembly is driven by said at least one drive with a gear set between said stationary assembly and said rotating assembly. 5. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said at least one rotating assembly is driven by a drive with a motor on said rotating assembly. 6. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said at least one rotating assembly is driven by a drive with a motor on said stationary assembly. 7. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the rotating assembly has a top cover. 8. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the rotating assembly has a bearing mounted upon a tubular member centrally located within the stationary assembly and adjacent to the at least one reservoir. 9. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said at least one drive includes gear teeth along an upper rim of the stationary assembly. 10. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said at least one controller is affected by ambient light and operates the apparatus when ambient conditions are sufficiently light and renders it inoperative when ambient conditions are relatively dark. 11. An apparatus according to claim 1 and further comprising an ambient light sensor which supplies information to said at least one controller. 12. An apparatus for hanging, rotating, and supplying a liquid to a planter positioned in the apparatus, said planter being operable at various hanging locations without needing outside service connections, comprising: a stationary assembly for being hung in a desired hanging location for said apparatus; a rotating assembly rotatably connected to the stationary assembly for relative rotation with respect thereto, said rotating assembly being adapted to rotate a planter supported upon said apparatus; at least one reservoir on said apparatus for holding said liquid; at least one dispenser for dispensing liquid from said at least one reservoir to said planter when positioned in the apparatus; at least one liquid supply for controllably transferring liquid from said at least one reservoir to said at least one dispenser, said at least one liquid supply including wetted portions which are connected to the rotating assembly and extend into the reservoir and help stir and mix liquid contained therein; at least one drive for controllably rotating the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly; at least one on-board power generator supported by said apparatus for supplying electrical power used to operate the apparatus; and at least one controller for controlling rotation and dispensing of liquid by said at least one dispenser. 13. An apparatus for hanging, rotating, and supplying a liquid to a planter positioned in the apparatus, said planter being operable at various hanging locations without needing outside service connections, comprising: a stationary assembly for being hung in a desired hanging location for said apparatus; a rotating assembly rotatably connected to the stationary assembly for relative rotation with respect thereto, said rotating assembly being adapted to rotate a planter supported upon said apparatus, the rotating assembly having a top cover; at least one reservoir on said apparatus for holding said liquid; at least one dispenser for dispensing liquid from said at least one reservoir to said planter when positioned in the apparatus; at least one liquid supply for controllably transferring liquid from said at least one reservoir to said at least one dispenser; at least one drive for controllably rotating the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly, said top cover of the rotating assembly mounting at least one motor forming part of said at least one drive; at least one on-board power generator supported by said apparatus for supplying electrical power used to operate the apparatus; and at least one controller for controlling rotation and dispensing of liquid by said at least one dispenser. 14. An apparatus according to claim 13 and further comprising a motor mounted within the top cover. 15. An apparatus for hanging, rotating, and supplying a liquid to a planter positioned in the apparatus, said planter being operable at various hanging locations without needing outside service connections, comprising: a stationary assembly for being hung in a desired hanging location for said apparatus; a rotating assembly rotatably connected to the stationary assembly for relative rotation with respect thereto, said rotating assembly being adapted to rotate a planter supported upon said apparatus; at least one reservoir on said apparatus for holding said liquid; at least one dispenser for dispensing liquid from said at least one reservoir to said planter when positioned in the apparatus; at least one liquid supply for controllably transferring liquid from said at least one reservoir to said at least one dispenser; at least one drive for controllably rotating the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly, said at least one drive including gear teeth along a cover forming part of the rotating assembly; at least one on-board power generator supported by said apparatus for supplying electrical power used to operate the apparatus; and at least one controller for controlling rotation and dispensing of liquid by said at least one dispenser. 16. An apparatus for hanging, rotating, and supplying a liquid to a planter positioned in the apparatus, said planter being operable at various hanging locations without needing outside service connections, comprising: a stationary assembly for being hung in a desired hanging location for said apparatus; a rotating assembly rotatably connected to the stationary assembly for relative rotation with respect thereto, said rotating assembly being adapted to rotate a planter supported upon said apparatus; a reservoir on said apparatus for holding said liquid; a dispenser for dispensing liquid from said reservoir to said planter when positioned in the apparatus; a liquid supply for controllably transferring liquid from said reservoir to said dispenser; a drive for controllably rotating the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly; an on-board power generator supported by said apparatus for supplying electrical power used to operate the apparatus; a controller for controlling rotation and dispensing of liquid by said dispenser; and a moisture sensor which, in operation, supplies information to said controller. 17. An apparatus according to claim 16 wherein said liquid supply comprises a one pump, and a tube in fluid communication with said pump. 18. An apparatus according to claim 16 wherein said onboard power supply comprises a solar cell. 19. An apparatus according to claim 16 wherein said rotating assembly is driven, in operation, by said drive with a gear set between said stationary assembly and said rotating assembly. 20. An apparatus according to claim 16 and further comprising a motor on said rotating assembly configured to drive said rotating assembly relative to said stationary assembly. 21. An apparatus according to claim 16 and further comprising a motor on said stationary assembly configured to drive said rotating assembly relative to said stationary assembly. 22. An apparatus according to claim 16 wherein the rotating assembly has a top cover. 23. An apparatus according to claim 22 and further comprising a motor mounted within the top cover. 24. An apparatus according to claim 23 wherein said at least one controller is affected by ambient light and causes the motor to operate when ambient conditions are sufficiently light. 25. An apparatus according to claim 16 wherein the rotating assembly has a tubular member centrally located within the stationary assembly and adjacent to the at least one reservoir, and the rotating member has a bearing mounted upon said tubular member. 26. An apparatus according to claim 16 wherein said at least one drive includes gear teeth along an upper rim of the stationary assembly. 27. An apparatus which is portable and is used for hanging, rotating and providing liquid to a plant, comprising: a stationary assembly for being hung in a desired hanging location for said apparatus; a rotating assembly rotatably connected to the stationary assembly for relative rotation with respect thereto; a planter supported by said rotating assembly; at least one planter support forming part of the rotating assembly for supporting said planter; at least one reservoir on said apparatus for holding said liquid; at least one dispenser for dispensing liquid from said at least one reservoir to said planter when positioned in the apparatus; at least one liquid supply for controllably transferring liquid from said at least one reservoir to said at least one dispenser; at least one drive for controllably rotating the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly; at least one on-board power generator supported by said apparatus for supplying electrical power used to operate the apparatus; and at least one controller for controlling rotation and dispensing of liquid by said at least one dispenser. 28. An apparatus according to claim 27 wherein said at least one liquid supply comprises a pump, and a tube in fluid communication with the pump. 29. An apparatus according to claim 27 wherein said at least one onboard power supply comprises at least one solar cell which generates electricity. 30. An apparatus according to claim 27 wherein said at least one rotating assembly is driven by said at least one drive with a gear set between said stationary assembly and said rotating assembly. 31. An apparatus according to claim 27 wherein said at least one rotating assembly is driven by a drive with a motor on said rotating assembly. 32. An apparatus according to claim 27 wherein said at least one rotating assembly is driven by a drive with a motor on said stationary assembly. 33. An apparatus according to claim 27 wherein the rotating assembly has a top cover. 34. An apparatus according to claim 27 wherein the rotating assembly has a top cover that mounts at least one motor forming part of said at least one drive with a motor mounted within the top cover. 35. An apparatus according to claim 27 wherein the rotating assembly has a bearing mounted upon a tubular member centrally located within the stationary assembly and adjacent to the at least one reservoir. 36. An apparatus according to claim 27 wherein said at least one drive includes gear teeth along an upper rim of the stationary assembly. 37. An apparatus according to claim 27 wherein said at least one controller is affected by ambient light and operates the apparatus when light and renders it inoperative when there is dark. 38. An apparatus according to claim 27 and further comprising an ambient light sensor which supplies information to said at least one controller. 39. An apparatus which is portable and is used for hanging, rotating and providing liquid to a plant, comprising: a stationary assembly for being hung in a desired hanging location for said apparatus; a rotating assembly rotatably connected to the stationary assembly for relative rotation with respect thereto; a planter supported by said rotating assembly; at least one reservoir on said apparatus for holding said liquid; at least one dispenser for dispensing liquid from said at least one reservoir to said planter when positioned in the apparatus; at least one liquid supply for controllably transferring liquid from said at least one reservoir to said at least one dispenser, said at least one liquid supply including wetted portions which extend into the reservoir and help circulate liquid contained therein; at least one drive for controllably rotating the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly; at least one on-board power generator supported by said apparatus for supplying electrical power used to operate the apparatus; and at least one controller for controlling rotation and dispensing of liquid by said at least one dispenser. 40. An apparatus which is portable and is used for hanging, rotating and providing liquid to a plant, comprising: a stationary assembly for being hung in a desired hanging location for said apparatus; a rotating assembly rotatably connected to the stationary assembly for relative rotation with respect thereto, the rotating assembly having a top cover; a planter supported by said rotating assembly; at least one reservoir on said apparatus for holding said liquid; at least one dispenser for dispensing liquid from said at least one reservoir to said planter when positioned in the apparatus; at least one liquid supply for controllably transferring liquid from said at least one reservoir to said at least one dispenser; at least one drive for controllably rotating the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly, said top cover of said rotating assembly mounting at least one motor forming part of said at least one drive; at least one on-board power generator supported by said apparatus for supplying electrical power used to operate the apparatus; and at least one controller for controlling rotation and dispensing of liquid by said at least one dispenser. 41. An apparatus which is portable and is used for hanging, rotating and providing liquid to a plant, comprising: a stationary assembly for being hung in a desired hanging location for said apparatus; a rotating assembly rotatably connected to the stationary assembly for relative rotation with respect thereto; a planter supported by said rotating assembly; at least one reservoir on said apparatus for holding said liquid; at least one dispenser for dispensing liquid from said at least one reservoir to said planter when positioned in the apparatus; at least one liquid supply for controllably transferring liquid from said at least one reservoir to said at least one dispenser; at least one drive for controllably rotating the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly, said at least one drive including gear teeth along a cover forming part of the rotating assembly; at least one on-board power generator supported by said apparatus for supplying electrical power used to operate the apparatus; and at least one controller for controlling rotation and dispensing of liquid by said at least one dispenser. 42. An apparatus which is portable and is used for hanging, rotating and providing liquid to a plant, comprising: a stationary assembly for being hung in a desired hanging location for said apparatus; a rotating assembly rotatably connected to the stationary assembly for relative rotation with respect thereto; a planter supported by said rotating assembly; at least one reservoir on said apparatus for holding said liquid; at least one dispenser for dispensing liquid from said at least one reservoir to said planter when positioned in the apparatus; at least one liquid supply for controllably transferring liquid from said at least one reservoir to said at least one dispenser; at least one drive for controllably rotating the rotating assembly relative to the stationary assembly; at least one on-board power generator supported by said apparatus for supplying electrical power used to operate the apparatus; at least one controller for controlling rotation and dispensing of liquid by said at least one dispenser; and a moisture sensor which, in operation, supplies information to said at least one controller. 