The disclosure identified as methods of mounting integrated circuits, including solar cells, to a substrate wherein the circuits are mounted prior to being singulated into discrete die. Once the semiconductor die sites or other circuits are formed on a wafer, the wafer will be attached, either whole, or divided into one or more multi-die site wafer segments, to a substrate. This attachment may be by conventional surface mount technology, for example. After such mounting, the individual die sites on the wafer segments will be singulated to form discrete die already mounted to the supporting substrate. The singulation may be preferably performed by laser dicing of the wafer segments.
Claims We claim: 1. A method of forming an electronic assembly, comprising the acts of: securing a semiconductor wafer segment comprising a plurality of die sites to a substrate including electrical contacts; and subsequently, physically isolating at least one selected die site of the wafer segment from each adjacent die site, while leaving the substrate intact; wherein the act of securing establishes at least one permanent electrical connection between the plurality of die sites and the electrical contacts. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the act of securing a semiconductor wafer segment to a substrate is performed, at least in part, through a solder reflow process. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the act of physically isolating at least one selected die site is performed by laser dicing of said wafer segment. 4. A method of forming an electronic assembly, comprising the acts of: providing a semiconductor wafer segment, the wafer segment comprising a plurality of die sites; placing said semiconductor wafer segment in contact with a substrate including electrical contacts, and in registration with a reference on the substrate such that each die site of the semiconductor wafer segment is in operable registration with a mounting site on the substrate, such placement performed at least in part by a placement device operably associated with a vision system; bonding the semiconductor wafer segment to the substrate; and after said bonding, singulating each die site of the semiconductor wafer segment from each adjacent die site, while leaving the substrate intact; wherein the act of bonding establishes at least one permanent electrical connection between the plurality of die sites and the mounting sites. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein the semiconductor wafer is bonded to the substrate through use of solder. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the wafer segment comprises an array of solder balls at each die site, and wherein the act of bonding the semiconductor wafer segment to the substrate comprises reflowing said solder balls. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein said solder balls comprise a non-solder-based core. 8. The method of claim 4, where said die are singulated through laser-dicing. 9. The method of claim 4, where said die are singulated through laser-dicing, performed through use of a diode-pumped semiconductor laser. 10. A method of forming a solar cell array, comprising the acts of: providing a semiconductor wafer segment having a plurality of individual solar cell die sites formed thereon, each solar cell die site comprising a plurality of solder pads; applying a solder material to a plurality of solder pads on a substrate including electrical contacts, said solder pads at least in part defining a plurality of solar cell mounting sites on the substrate; placing said semiconductor wafer segment in contact with the substrate with said solar cell die sites in registration with said mounting sites on said substrate; reflowing said solder to secure the semiconductor wafer segment to the substrate; and laser dicing the semiconductor wafer segment to physically isolate each solar cell die site of said semiconductor wafer segment; wherein the act of reflowing establishes at least one permanent electrical connection between the plurality of solar cell die sites and the plurality of solar cell mounting sites. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the act of laser dicing the semiconductor wafer segment is performed through use of a frequency-doubled, diode pumped semiconductor laser. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein said laser is a Nd:YAG laser. 