A system and method for implementing a wireless sensor network. The system comprises a plurality of motes, each mote having a sensor and a wireless communication system for communicating with neighboring motes; a distributed routing table distributed amongst each of the plurality of motes; and an update system for periodically updating the distributed routing table.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A wireless sensor network, comprising: a plurality of motes, each mote having an environmental sensor and a wireless communication system for communicating with neighboring motes, wherein each mote includes a join system to allow a mote to transmit a join signal to neighboring motes and a gather system to transmit a gather signal to neighboring motes in response to receiving a join signal from another mote, the join system and the gather system configured to gather at least one of the neighboring motes into a network with the mote; a distributed routing table distributed amongst each of the plurality of motes, the distributed routing table including information about communication paths between the plurality of motes; and an update system for periodically updating the distributed routing table based upon a modification to at least one of the communication paths. 2. The wireless sensor network of claim 1, wherein each mote further comprises a solar cell. 3. The wireless sensor network of claim 1, wherein the communication system includes a passive mode and an active mode, wherein the passive mode is utilized to relay data from a sending mote to a receiving mote, and wherein the active mode is utilized to send data generated by the mote. 4. The wireless sensor network of claim 1, further comprising at least one transport router and a monitoring station. 5. The wireless sensor network of claim 1, wherein each mote stores a primary path to an endpoint via at least one of the neighboring motes. 6. The wireless sensor network of claim 5, wherein each mote further comprises a system for identifying a set of secondary paths to the endpoint via other neighboring motes. 7. The wireless sensor network of claim 6, wherein each mote includes a routing table that ranks the primary path and the set of secondary paths to the endpoint in accordance with at least one of: a statistical measurement of neighbor links across motes in a path, an estimated path loss across motes in a path, an estimated data rate supported across motes in a path, and an estimated transmit power across motes in a path. 8. The wireless sensor network of claim 7, wherein each mote periodically updates its routing table by analyzing a set of communication criteria of neighboring motes. 9. A mote for use in a sensor network, comprising: a sensor for sensing environmental data; a communication system for communicating with neighboring motes in a network of motes; a join and gather system for establishing the mote in the network of motes; a routing table that ranks a set of paths from the mote back to an endpoint based upon at least one of: a statistical measurement of distance between the mote and the endpoint, an estimated path loss between the mote and the endpoint, an estimated data rate supported between the mote and the endpoint, and an estimated transmit power between the mote and the endpoint; and an update system for periodically updating the routing table. 10. The mote of claim 9, further comprising a solar cell. 11. The mote of claim 9, wherein the communication system includes a passive mode and an active mode, wherein the passive mode is utilized to relay data from a sending mote to a receiving mote in the network of motes, and wherein the active mode is utilized to send data generated by the mote. 12. The mote of claim 9, wherein each mote stores a primary path to the endpoint, wherein the primary path passes through a neighboring mote that gathered the mote. 13. The mote of claim 12, wherein each mote further comprises a system for identifying a set of secondary paths to the endpoint via other neighboring motes. 14. The mote of claim 9, wherein the update system periodically updates its routing table by analyzing a set of communication criteria of neighboring motes. 15. The mote of claim 9, wherein each mote further includes a self-analysis system that examines various functional criteria of the mote. 16. A method for enabling a wireless network having a plurality of devices, each device having a wireless communication system for communicating with neighboring devices, comprising the steps of: broadcasting a join command from each device and a gather command from an endpoint; joining devices that neighbor the endpoint with the endpoint in a network; broadcasting a transitory gather signal from each device that joined the endpoint to cause additional devices to join the network; and broadcasting a transitory gather signal from each additional device that joined the network to cause further additional devices to join the network. 