A sun protection system for a transportation vehicle has plurality of LCD zones laminated into one or more glazings of the vehicle. An occupant sensor detects an expanse of at least one occupant in the vehicle. A navigation system determines a vehicle location, a date and time value, and a heading. External and internal temperature sensors sense outside and inside temperatures. A controller generates respective drive signals for the respective LCD zones in a manual mode and in an automatic mode. The controller compares a temperature difference between the outside temperature and the inside temperature to a temperature threshold. The respective drive signals provide substantially zero attenuation if the temperature difference is less than the temperature threshold while in the automatic mode.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A sun protection system for a transportation vehicle comprising: a plurality of liquid crystal zones laminated in one or more glazings of the vehicle, wherein each liquid crystal zone attenuates light transmission in proportion to a respective drive signal applied across the respective liquid crystal zone; an occupant sensor for detecting an expanse of at least one occupant in the vehicle; a navigation system for determining a vehicle location, a date and time value, and a heading; an external temperature sensor for sensing an outside temperature; an internal temperature sensor for sensing an inside temperature; and a controller for generating the respective drive signals for the respective liquid crystal zones in a manual mode and in an automatic mode, wherein the is controller compares a temperature difference between the outside temperature and the inside temperature to a temperature threshold, and wherein the respective drive signals provide substantially zero attenuation if the temperature difference is less than the temperature threshold while in the automatic mode. 2. The system of claim 1 further comprising: a weather detector for detecting at least a predetermined likelihood of sunny conditions around the vehicle, wherein the drive signals provide substantially zero attenuation if the predetermined likelihood of sunny conditions is absent while in the automatic mode. 3. The system of claim 2 wherein the weather detector includes one or more from the group comprising a moisture sensor, a wiper system, a wireless weather service, and an ambient light sensor. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein when the temperature difference is greater than the temperature threshold, then the controller determines a sun projection in response to the vehicle location, data and time value, and heading, and the controller compares the sun projection with the expanse of the occupant, wherein a respective drive signal is set to provide a non-zero attenuation if the sun projection coincides with the expanse while in the automatic mode. 5. The system of claim 4 further comprising: a weather detector for detecting at least a predetermined likelihood of sunny conditions around the vehicle, wherein the drive signals provide substantially zero attenuation if the predetermined likelihood of sunny conditions is absent while in the automatic mode. 6. The system of claim 4 wherein the controller determines a sun projection in response to a solar azimuth and a solar elevation determined using the date and time value and the heading. 7. The system of claim 1 further comprising a vehicle safety system generating an emergency signal, wherein the controller sets the respective drive signals to provide a substantially zero attenuation in response to the emergency signal whether the system is in the manual mode or the automatic mode. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein the emergency signal indicates a potential crash situation and is selected from a group comprising a vehicle acceleration above a predetermined acceleration, an anti-lock brake activation, a passenger restraint activation, and an obstacle collision warning. 9. The system of claim 7 further comprising a wireless receiver, wherein the emergency signal is generated by the wireless receiver in response to a remote command broadcast to the wireless receiver. 10. The system of claim 1 further comprising: a manual touchpad within reach of a driver of the vehicle for choosing a desired attenuation for each desired liquid crystal zone in the manual mode. 11. The system of claim 1 further comprising: a voice response system responsive a driver of the vehicle for choosing a desired attenuation for each desired liquid crystal zone in the manual mode. 12. The system of claim 1 wherein the manual mode includes a setting for disabling the automatic mode. 13. The system of claim 1 wherein the occupant sensor is included in a crash restraint system coupled to the controller by a high speed communication bus. 14. The system of claim 1 wherein the occupant sensor includes at least one selected from the group comprising a seat load sensor, a seat track sensor, and a seat belt sensor. 15. The system of claim 1 wherein the navigation system includes a GPS receiver and an inertial monitoring system. 16. The system of claim 1 wherein the glazings include a windshield, a backlite, and a plurality of side windows. 17. A sun protection system for a transportation vehicle comprising: a plurality of liquid crystal zones laminated in one or more glazings of the vehicle, wherein each liquid crystal zone attenuates light transmission in proportion to a respective drive signal applied across the respective liquid crystal zone; an occupant sensor for detecting an expanse of at least one occupant in the vehicle; a navigation system for determining a vehicle location, a date and time value, and a heading; a weather detector for detecting at least a predetermined likelihood of sunny conditions around the vehicle; an external temperature sensor for sensing an outside temperature; an internal temperature sensor for sensing an inside temperature: a controller for generating the respective drive signals for the respective liquid crystal zones in a manual mode and in an automatic mode, wherein the controller compares a temperature difference between the outside temperature and the inside temperature to a temperature threshold, wherein the respective drive signals provide substantially zero attenuation if the temperature difference is less than the temperature threshold while in the automatic mode, wherein the drive signals provide substantially zero attenuation if the predetermined likelihood of sunny conditions is absent while in the automatic mode, wherein when the temperature difference is greater than the temperature threshold then the controller determines a sun projection in response to the vehicle location, data and time value, and heading, wherein the controller compares the sun projection with the expanse of the occupant, and wherein a respective drive signal is set to provide a selected attenuation if the sun projection coincides with the expanse while in the automatic mode; and a manual interface for manually inhibiting the automatic mode and for selecting a dimming attenuation for a selected liquid crystal zone in the manual mode. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein the controller includes a parking state wherein a plurality of liquid crystal zones are at a maximum attenuation to reduce visibility of vehicle contents from outside the vehicle. 