A system is described herein to broadcast real time information to a particular area. An area of interest is defined by a geographic locale and a remote station monitors activity within the area of interest The remote station includes a monitoring component that monitors events within the area of interest. A protocol converter receives data from the monitoring component to invert data received into one or more standards or protocols. A broadcast element receives data from the protocol converter and emits data within a broadcast radius that is proximate to the area of interest.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A system utilized to broadcast real time information to a particular area, comprising: an area of interest which is defined by a geographic locale; a remote station that monitors activity within the area of interest, wherein the remote station includes a monitoring component that monitors events within the area of interest; a protocol converter that receives data from the monitoring component to invert data received into one or more standards or protocols; a broadcast element that receives data from the protocol converter and emits data within a broadcast radius that is proximate to the area of interest; and, a display, the display decoding captured signals and using the signals to determine if a threshold representing at least one event desired to be identified is exceeded, the display presenting a representation of the at least one event on a map in at least one of a select size and color based on the determination and changing the at least one select size and color based on a change in the determination. 2. The system according to claim 1, further including: a power supply that provides power to the remote station. 3. The system according to claim 1, wherein power generated by the power supply is from natural means including at least one of a water flow, an air flow, and a solar energy. 4. The system according to claim 1, wherein the broadcast element is a low power radio transmitter. 5. The system according to claim 1, wherein the monitoring component is at least one of a video camera, a vision system, a telemetry system, a motion detector, a laser detector and a radar detector. 6. The system according to claim 1, wherein the protocol converter converts data from the monitoring component utilizing at least one of a GPS standard, a cellular standard, a Bluetooth standard, a WAP standard and a wireless Ethernet standard. 7. The system according to claim 1, wherein the display receives information from the broadcast element and displays such information in a real time presentation. 8. The system according to claim 7, further including: a receiving element that receives data from the broadcast element; and a decoding element that decodes information received by the receiving element and presents such decoded information for presentation on the display. 9. The system according to claim 8, wherein the data is provided by a GPS, wherein location and speed associated with moving objects within the area of interest are displayed commensurate with the location and speed on the display. 10. The system according to claim 1, wherein the display activates one or more alarms when a predetermined threshold has been exceeded. 11. The system according to claim 10, wherein the alarms are presented via at least one of a color flashing, an auditory alarm, a voice alarm and a video blip. 12. The system according to claim 1 wherein the display component is a GPS system. 13. A system that communicates real time information within a region to one or more local regions, comprising: a remote interface that receives information from one or more outside sources; a dispatch component that receives information from the remote interface and broadcasts the received information to a geographic region; and one or more remote stations located within the region that receive information broadcast from the dispatch component, the remote station includes, a monitoring component that monitors information within an area of interest, a protocol converter that converts information from the monitoring component into one or more protocols; a broadcast element that broadcasts information from the protocol converter to a radius therefrom; and, a processor that determines whether to broadcast an event alert based on a rating of the event, wherein the information includes a tag related to a priority level of the event. 14. The system according to claim 13, wherein the dispatch component broadcasts information to all remote stations within the region and information only pertaining to a particular remote stations or stations is rebroadcast to a corresponding radius. 15. The system according to claim 13, wherein the data transmitted from the dispatch component includes one or more identifying tags to designate one or more remote stations to broadcast the information received from the dispatch component. 16. The system according to claim 13, wherein information input into the remote interface is at least one of an advertisement, emergency information, natural occurrence information and natural disaster information. 17. The system according to claim 13, wherein the dispatch component categorizes information from the remote interface based on or more of advertising content, natural disaster content, and real time GPS information. 18. The system according to claim 13, wherein a user that is outside of a broadcast radius relevant to a remote station does not receive information emitted from the remote station. 19. The system according to claim 13, wherein a display shows speed and location in a GPS field of one or more disparate moving objects representing events within the field that may potentially affect a mobile user moving through the field. 20. A method to display real time information on an interface, comprising: monitoring real time events within an area of interest; recording the events monitored in real time; converting event data to one or more particular protocols; transmitting event data via the one or more protocols to a broadcast radius; receiving event information via a display within the broadcast radius; decoding data received by a display; determining if the data exceeds a threshold; and displaying the real time event data on an interface in a first color and first size if the threshold is met and in a second color and second size if the threshold is not met, wherein at least one of the first color and first size is different from a corresponding one of the second color and second size. 