A tactical portable solar control system which can be modular, extremely resistant to destruction, capable of being assembled by a person without instructions, and which creates a small footprint when assembled.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A tactical portable solar control system comprising: a. a portable base comprising: i. a base body; ii. at least two base handles secured to the base body; iii. at least a first front base latch secured to the base body and at least a second front base latch secured to the base body opposite the first front base latch; iv. a flanged base support disposed on a bottom perimeter of the base body for supporting the base body; and v. a base top flange disposed at a top of the base body; b. a lightweight destruction resistant battery box removably secured to the portable base with the first front base latch and the second front base latch, wherein the battery box comprises: i. a battery box base connected to a front, a back, a first side and a second side; ii. an integral projecting top flange having a top edge disposed around the front, the back, the first side and the second side; iii. at least a first hold down brace between the first side and the second side disposed below the top edge of the integral projecting top flange; iv. a shatter resistant plate disposed within the integral projecting top flange beneath the top edge and over the at least one hold down brace secured to the at least one hold down brace with at least one fastener; v. a non-removably mounted non-interchangeable battery connector secured to the front engaging a side battery box cable disposed between at least one battery in the battery box and the non-removably mounted non-interchangeable battery connector; vi. at least one battery connector safety cover disposed over the non-removably mounted non interchangeable battery connector and secured to a side wall of battery box; and vii. a first battery box latch disposed on the front and a second battery box latch disposed on the back for connecting the battery box to the portable base; c. a stackable solar control cabinet comprising: i. a first side, a second side and a back side connected to a cabinet base; ii. an openable vented destruction resistant cover connected to the stackable solar control cabinet; iii. at least one solar controller in the stackable solar control cabinet; iv. a first circuit breaker between the at least one battery and the solar controller and a second circuit breaker between the solar controller and a solar array; v. at least one receptacle for receiving power from the solar array to provide a current to an outside source and at least one load connector disposed outside the stackable solar control cabinet for powering a load; and vi. at least one cover latch for fastening to the openable vented destruction resistant cover to the stackable solar control cabinet and wherein the first battery box latch and the second battery box latch secure the stackable solar control cabinet to the battery box and the first front base latch and the second front base latch secure the base to the battery box forming a stacked assembly; d. a solar array in communication with the stackable solar control cabinet, and wherein the solar array comprises: i. a mast connected to a base; ii. a mounting backbone connected to the mast; iii. a plurality of mounting ribs disposed on the mounting backbone; iv. at least one solar panel mounted to each mounting rib; and v. a combiner box disposed on the mast, wherein the combiner box comprises a socket for collecting the power from the solar panel and a plug connector for transferring the power from the at least one solar panel to the non-removably mounted non-interchangeable battery connectors on the stackable solar control cabinet, wherein power from the at least one solar panel is used to provide electrical power to electrical devices in the field; wherein, a battery cable communicates between the battery box and the stackable solar control cabinet. 2. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, further comprising a battery charger, a AC input receptacle connected to an AC power source, and a charge meter for each battery connected to the battery charger. 3. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, further comprising a gasket and at least one hydraulic piston disposed between the stackable solar control cabinet and the openable vented destruction resistant cover. 4. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, wherein each solar panel is contained within a frame. 5. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 4, wherein each frame has a frame handle and at least one frame latch for connecting the frames together, and wherein each frame slidably engages at least one of the mounting ribs. 6. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, further comprising a solar controller connector cover. 7. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, further comprising a temperature sensor connected to at least one solar controller. 8. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, wherein the openable vented destruction resistant cover comprises a viewing plate of shatter resistant transparent material. 9. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, further comprising a load fuse connected to the solar controller. 10. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, further comprising a solar panel tilt assembly connected between the mounting backbone and the mast providing variable degrees of tilt for the at least one solar panel. 11. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, wherein the base of the solar array comprises a plurality of removable slidable support arms secured to the base. 12. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 11, wherein each of the removable slidable support arms has at least one support arm handle. 13. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 11, wherein the base of the solar array further comprises at least one support arm holder connected to the base to support each removable slidable support arm. 14. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 11, wherein the base of the solar array is secured to each of the removable slidable support arms with at least one fastener enabling the solar array assembly to be collapsible and provide a small profile for transport. 15. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, further comprising a foot disposed on each end of the removable slidable support arms providing additional stability to the mast. 16. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, wherein the base of the solar array comprises a holder allowing 360 rotation of the mast and a mast lock for locking the mast at a desired degree of rotation. 17. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 16, wherein the mast comprises a toothed collar disposed on the holder enabling quick re-orientation of the mast and locking with the mast lock. 18. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, wherein the openable vented destruction resistant cover is L-shaped and connected by a hinge to the back side. 19. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, further comprising a grounding means disposed on the outside of the stackable solar control cabinet. 20. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, wherein no single component of the system weighs more than 170 pounds. 21. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, wherein the first circuit breaker communicates between the solar array and the solar controller and the second circuit breaker communicates between the at least one battery and the solar controller. 22. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, wherein the shatter resistant protective plate of the battery box is a plate of transparent polycarbonate. 23. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, wherein the at least one solar panel is a 12 volt panel. 24. The tactical portable solar control system of claim 1, further comprising a safety fuse disposed in the battery box connected to the at least one battery. 