A monitoring system, for monitoring an object, which includes a microprocessor comprising a memory to store data, and a control program executed by said microprocessor, said microprocessor having a stand-by mode and an active mode, a communications means connected to said microprocessor for transmitting data from said microprocessor to a monitoring station, a zone monitoring device on the object connected to said microprocessor in a loop with said microprocessor in said stand-by mode, a power source for supplying power to said microprocessor, communications means and zone monitoring device, wherein upon said microprocessor receiving an input signal from said zone monitoring device, said control program directs said microprocessor to switch to active mode, generate and store in said memory an alarm message corresponding to said input signal from said zone monitoring device, activate said communications means, and transmit said alarm message to a monitoring station.
Claims We claim: 1. A monitoring system for monitoring an object, the system comprising: a microprocessor including, a memory to store data, a control program executed by said microprocessor; said microprocessor having a stand-by mode and an active mode; a communications means connected to said microprocessor for transmitting data from said microprocessor to a monitoring station wherein said communications means has a sleep mode and an active mode; a zone monitoring device in communication with said microprocessor, said microprocessor normally in said stand-by mode, a power source for supplying power to said microprocessor, communications means and zone monitoring device; wherein upon said microprocessor receiving an input signal from said zone monitoring device, said control program directs said microprocessor to, switch to active mode, generate and store in said memory an alarm message corresponding to said input signal from said zone monitoring device, activate said communications means, and transmit said alarm message to a monitoring station. 2. The monitoring system according to claim 1, further including a controlled device connected to said microprocessor and controlled by said control program. 3. The monitoring system according to claim 2, wherein said controlled device is a motor driven lock. 4. The monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein said zone monitoring device is selected from the group consisting of magnetic contacts, smoke detectors, carbon monoxide detectors, sniffer sensors, temperature sensors, motion sensors, potentiometer switches, mercury switches, fluid sensors, and weight sensors. 5. The monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein said communications device is a wireless device. 6. The monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein said power supply is a battery. 7. The monitoring system according to claim 6, further including a solar panel connected to said battery. 8. The monitoring system according to claim 1, further including a GPS device connected to said processor. 9. The monitoring system according to claim 1 wherein: the object is selected from the group consisting of a cottage, a boat, a camp, a classroom; an airplane, a home, a power substation and a sewer contact. 10. A device for monitoring an object, the device comprising: a microprocessor including, a memory to store data, a control program executed by said microprocessor; said microprocessor having a stand-by mode and an active mode, wherein said microprocessor is normally in said stand-by mode; a communications means connected to said microprocessor for transmitting data from said microprocessor to a monitoring station; a power source for supplying power to said microprocessor and communications means; wherein upon said microprocessor receiving an input signal, said control program directs said microprocessor to, switch to active mode, generate and store in said memory an alarm message corresponding to said input signal, activate said communications means, and transmit said alarm message to a monitoring station. 11. The device according to claim 10, wherein the microprocessor is communicable with a zone monitoring device. 12. The device according to claim 10, further including a zone monitoring device in communication with the microprocessor. 13. The device according to claim 11 or 12, wherein said zone monitoring device is selected from the group consisting of magnetic contacts, smoke detectors, carbon monoxide detectors, sniffer sensors, temperature sensors, motion sensors, potentiometer switches, mercury switches, fluid sensors, and weight sensors. 14. The device according to claim 11 or 12, wherein the zone monitoring device activates a controlled device connected to said microprocessor and controlled by said control program. 15. The device according to claim 14, wherein said controlled device is a motor driven lock. 16. The device according to claim 10, wherein said communications device is a wireless device. 17. The device according to claim 10, wherein said power supply is a battery. 18. The device according to claim 17, further including a solar panel connected to said battery. 19. The device according to claim 10, further including a GPS device connected to said processor. 20. The device for monitoring an object according to claim 10 wherein the object is selected from the group consisting of a cottage, a boat, a camp, a classroom; an airplane, a home, a power substation and a sewer contact. 