A communication system includes at least one optical-wireless device coupled to a longitudinal side of an optical fiber. The optical-wireless device may include an optical fiber power unit for converting optical power into electrical power, and a wireless communication unit electrically powered by the optical fiber power unit. The optical-wireless device may include a substrate mounting the optical fiber power unit and the wireless communication unit to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. The wireless communication unit may include a radio frequency transmitter, and a signal optical grating coupling the transmitter to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. The radio frequency transmitter in some embodiments may include an ultra-wideband transmitter. A dipole antenna may also be provided including first and second portions extending in opposite directions along the longitudinal side of the optical fiber.
Claims That which is claimed is: 1. A communication system comprising: an optical fiber; and at least one optical-wireless device coupled to a longitudinal side of said optical fiber and comprising an optical fiber power unit coupled to said optical fiber for converting optical power therein into electrical power, and a wireless communication unit electrically powered solely by said optical fiber power unit and coupled to said optical fiber; said at least one optical-wireless device further comprising a substrate mounting said optical fiber power unit and said wireless communication unit to the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 2. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said optical fiber power unit comprises a photovoltaic device and a power optical grating coupling said photovoltaic device to the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 3. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said wireless communication unit comprises a radio frequency transmitter and a signal optical grating coupling said radio frequency transmitter to the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 4. A communication system according to claim 3 wherein said radio frequency transmitter comprises an ultra-wideband transmitter. 5. A communication system according to claim 4 wherein said ultra-wideband transmitter comprises an antenna. 6. A communication system according to claim 5 wherein said antenna comprises a dipole antenna. 7. A communication system according to claim 6 wherein said dipole antenna comprises first and second portions extending in opposite directions along the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 8. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said optical fiber comprises a core and a cladding surrounding said core; and wherein said optical fiber power unit and said wireless communication unit are coupled to said core. 9. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said wireless communication unit comprises a wireless transmitter; and further comprising at least one wireless receiver spaced from said wireless transmitter and receiving signals therefrom. 10. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said wireless communication unit comprises a wireless receiver; and further comprising at least one wireless transmitter spaced from said wireless receiver and transmitting signals thereto. 11. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said at least one optical-wireless device comprises a plurality of optical-wireless devices coupled to said optical fiber at spaced apart locations along the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 12. An optical-wireless device to be coupled to a longitudinal side of an optical fiber and comprising: a substrate for coupling to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber; an optical fiber power unit carried by said substrate to be coupled to said optical fiber for converting optical power therein into electrical power; and a wireless communication unit carried by said substrate, solely electrically powered by said optical fiber power unit, and to be coupled to the optical fiber. 13. An optical-wireless device according to claim 12 wherein said optical fiber power unit comprises a photovoltaic device and a power optical grating for coupling said photovoltaic device to the optical fiber. 14. An optical-wireless device according to claim 12 wherein said wireless communication unit comprises a radio frequency transmitter and a signal optical grating for coupling said radio frequency transmitter to the optical fiber. 15. An optical-wireless device according to claim 14 wherein said radio frequency transmitter comprises an ultra-wideband transmitter. 16. An optical-wireless device according to claim 15 wherein said ultra-wideband transmitter comprises: an optical detector having an input coupled to said signal optical grating and having an output; an amplifier having an input connected to the output of said optical detector and having an output; a pseudorandom code generator having an output; a multiplier having inputs connected to the outputs of said amplifier and pseudorandom code generator, and having an output; a pulse generator having an input connected to the output of said multiplier, and having an output; and an antenna connected to the output of said pulse generator. 17. An optical-wireless device to be coupled to a longitudinal side of an optical fiber and comprising: a substrate to be directly coupled to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber; a wireless communication unit carried by said substrate and to be coupled to the optical fiber; and a dipole antenna connected to said wireless communication unit comprising first and second portions to extend in opposite directions along the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. 18. An optical-wireless device according to claim 17 wherein said wireless communication unit comprises a radio frequency transmitter and a signal optical grating for coupling said radio frequency transmitter to the optical fiber. 19. An optical-wireless device according to claim 18 wherein said radio frequency transmitter comprises an ultra-wideband transmitter. 20. An optical-wireless device according to claim 19 wherein said ultra-wideband transmitter comprises: an optical detector having an input coupled to said signal optical grating and having an output; an amplifier having an input connected to the output of said optical detector and having an output; a pseudorandom code generator having an output; a multiplier having inputs connected to the outputs of said amplifier and pseudorandom code generator, and having an output; and a pulse generator having an input connected to the output of said multiplier, and having an output connected to said antenna. 21. A method for optical-wireless communication comprising: coupling at least one optical-wireless device to a longitudinal side of an optical fiber, the at least one optical-wireless device comprising an optical fiber power unit and a wireless communication unit connected thereto; supplying optical power into the optical fiber; converting the optical power in the optical fiber into electrical power using the optical fiber power unit; and electrically powering the wireless communication unit for optical-wireless communication solely using the electrical power converted from the optical power; the optical-wireless device further comprising a substrate carrying the optical fiber power unit and the wireless communication unit, and wherein coupling comprises coupling the substrate to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. 22. A method according to claim 21 wherein the wireless communication unit comprises a radio frequency transmitter and a signal optical grating coupling the radio frequency transmitter to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. 23. A method according to claim 22 wherein the radio frequency transmitter comprises an ultra-wideband transmitter. 24. A method according to claim 21 wherein the optical-wireless communication device further comprises a dipole antenna including first and second portions; and wherein coupling comprises mounting the first and second portions to extend in opposite directions along the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. 25. A method according to claim 21 wherein the optical fiber comprises a core and a cladding surrounding the core; and wherein coupling comprises coupling the optical fiber power unit and the wireless communication unit to the core. 