Solar panels and assembled arrays thereof include a collection of relatively compact, high-capacity power units. Optical components of each power unit include a front window or surface glazing, a primary mirror, secondary mirror and receiver assembly. Primary and secondary mirrors are defined by respective perimeters, at least a portion of which may be substantially coplanar and in contact with the front window. Some primary mirrors are configured with a perimeter of alternating full and truncated sections, and are curved to a base portion forming a pilot hole therein. Receiver assembly mechanical components include an alignment tube for mating with the primary mirror's pilot hole and for housing a photovoltaic solar cell. A base plate provided adjacent to the alignment tube serves to radiate heat emitted by the solar cell, and in some embodiments an additional heat sink provides further passive cooling. A tapered optical rod also provided within the receiver assembly directs received sunlight to the solar cell where electrical current is generated.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A power unit, comprising: a surface in a single plane covering the entire power unit; a curved primary mirror having a first perimeter defined by multiple full sections and multiple truncated sections provided in an alternating fashion, wherein at least portions of said multiple full sections are in direct physical contact with said surface and said multiple truncated sections are not in contact with said surface; and a secondary mirror having a second perimeter that is radially symmetric about a second axis, wherein said second perimeter is located between said surface and said curved primary mirror; wherein the primary mirror reflects solar radiation to the secondary mirror, and the secondary mirror reflects the majority of received solar radiation to a focal point. 2. The power unit of claim 1, wherein said first and second perimeters are characterized by respective first and second diameters, and wherein said first diameter is more than four times greater than said second diameter. 3. The power unit of claim 1, wherein said first and second perimeters are substantially coplanar. 4. The power unit of claim 3, wherein said first and second coaxial axes are substantially perpendicular to said surface. 5. The power unit of claim 1, wherein said first and second perimeters are both substantially circular. 6. The power unit of claim 1, wherein said first perimeter is defined by n full sections and n truncated sections provided in an alternating fashion, wherein each full section of said first perimeter is provided in contact with said surface, and wherein each truncated section is formed to define an arc extending away from said surface that exists in a respective plane perpendicular to said surface. 7. The power unit of claim 6, wherein n is an integer number between three and nine formed to define an arc extending away from said surface that exists in a respective plane perpendicular to said surface. 8. The power unit of claim 6, further comprising a plurality of mounting tabs, wherein each mounting tab is attached to a selected full section of said first perimeter to provide respective surfaces for contact with said surface. 9. The power unit of claim 1, wherein said secondary mirror is curved. 10. A solar panel, comprising: a front surface in a single plane covering an entire power unit; a plurality of power units, each power unit comprising first and second mirrors and a single receiver assembly; wherein each said first mirror is defined by a first perimeter and a first curved area extending therefrom; wherein said first perimeter is defined by multiple full sections and multiple truncated sections provided in an alternating fashion; wherein at least portions of said multiple full sections of each of said first mirror are in direct physical contact with said front surface; wherein each said second mirror is defined by a second perimeter and defined by a second curved area extending therefrom; wherein the length of each said second perimeter is less than the length of each said first perimeter; and wherein each said second mirror is located between each said first mirror and said front surface. 11. The solar panel of claim 10, wherein the first and second perimeters of each said first and second mirrors are substantially circular and substantially coplanar, and wherein each said first and second mirrors in a given said power unit are radially symmetric about an axis substantially perpendicular to said front surface. 12. The solar panel of claim 10, wherein the first mirror of each power unit is formed to define a pilot hole therein, and wherein the receiver assembly of each said power unit is provided with an alignment feature that is oriented through the pilot hole of its respective first mirror. 13. The solar panel of claim 10, wherein the receiver assembly of each power unit further comprises: an optical rod for receiving solar radiation from the power unit's corresponding second mirror; and a photovoltaic cell provided at the base of said optical rod. 14. The solar panel of claim 13, further comprising an anti-reflective coating provided on at least a portion of each said optical rod. 15. The solar panel of claim 10, further comprising an anti-reflective coating provided on said front surface. 16. The solar panel of claim 10, wherein the first perimeter of each said first mirror is defined by n full sections and n truncated sections provided in an alternating fashion, wherein n is an integer number between three and nine. 17. The solar panel of claim 16, wherein the full sections of each said first perimeter are provided in contact with said front surface, and wherein each truncated section of each said first perimeter is formed to define an arc extending away from said front surface that exists in a respective plane perpendicular to said front surface. 18. The solar panel of claim 16, wherein the first perimeter of each said first mirror has at least two truncated sections that are respectively provided adjacent to a truncated section of the first perimeter of another power unit. 19. The solar panel of claim 10, wherein said solar panel is configured to provide a power output of at least about 500 Watts. 20. The power unit of claim 1, wherein the first perimeter has a near-square shape. 21. The power unit of claim 1, wherein the first perimeter has a near-hexagonal shape. 22. The power unit of claim 1, wherein the first axis of said curved primary mirror and the second axis of said secondary mirror are substantially coaxial. 23. The power unit of claim 1, further comprising a single receiver assembly comprising a photovoltaic cell. 24. The power unit of claim 1, further comprising a receiver assembly including a solar cell disposed behind an apex of the primary mirror. 