A light concentrating module for transforming light into at least one of electrical and thermal energy is provided. The light concentrating module may be coupled in flow communication with a fluid conversion module and include a primary optical element that has a reflective surface with a plurality of contoured sections. Each contoured section is shaped to reflect light that impinges the contoured section toward a corresponding focal region. The module may also have a receiver system that includes a plurality of energy conversion members positioned proximate to corresponding focal regions. The receiver system also has a working fluid passage for carrying a working fluid that absorbs the thermal energy. The working fluid can be conveyed away from the receiver system through a mounting post that holds the receiver system. In addition, the module may also generate electricity.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A light concentrating module to be coupled in flow communication with a fluid conversion module for at least one of storing, using, converting, or disposing of thermal energy, the light concentrating module comprising: a primary optical element having a reflective surface comprising a plurality of contoured sections, each contoured section shaped to reflect and substantially concentrate impinging light toward a corresponding focal point at a point-focal region; and a receiver system joined to the primary optical element and having a plurality of energy conversion members positioned proximate to respective point-focal regions for transforming the reflected light into at least one of electrical and thermal energy, the energy conversion members having different orientations for receiving the reflected light from the contoured sections, the receiver system having at least one working fluid passage for carrying a working fluid proximate to the energy conversion members to absorb the thermal energy, the at least one working fluid passage being configured to fluidicly couple to a fluid circuit to convey the working fluid between the energy conversion members and the fluid conversion module; wherein the receiver system includes a plurality of secondary optical elements positioned proximate to the energy conversion members, the secondary optical elements configured to direct the light toward corresponding energy conversion members; wherein the energy conversion members are located a distance away from the primary optical element, the energy conversion members having respective surfaces that are configured to receive and transform the reflected light, each of said surfaces facing in respective downward directions back toward the corresponding contoured sections to receive the reflected light; and wherein the energy conversion members are clustered around a central axis extending from the primary optical element, the central axis extending parallel to light rays of the impinging light when the primary optical element is at a desired alignment, wherein the downward directions form acute angles with respect to said central axis. 2. The module in accordance with claim 1 wherein the receiver system includes at least one set of fins extending into a flow of the working fluid and proximate to a corresponding conversion member, the set of fins facilitating transfer of thermal energy from the corresponding energy conversion member. 3. The module in accordance with claim 1 wherein at least one energy conversion member includes a photovoltaic (PV) cell for transforming the reflected light into electrical energy. 4. A light concentrating module comprising: a primary optical element having a reflective surface comprising a plurality of contoured sections, each contoured section shaped to reflect and substantially concentrate impinging light toward a corresponding focal point at a point-focal region; a receiver system joined to the primary optical element and having a plurality of energy conversion members positioned proximate to respective point-focal regions for transforming the reflected light into at least one of electrical and thermal energy; and a mounting post having a proximal end that is secured to the primary optical element and a distal end that is located proximate the point-focal regions of the primary optical element, the mounting post extending between the proximal and distal ends and supporting the energy conversion members proximate to the distal end, the energy conversion members being oriented to receive the reflected light from respective contoured sections, the mounting post having working fluid passages extending between the proximal and distal ends for carrying working fluid to and from the energy conversion members in order to absorb the thermal energy; wherein the receiver system includes a plurality of secondary optical elements positioned proximate to the energy conversion members, the secondary optical elements configured to direct the reflected light toward corresponding energy conversion members; wherein the energy conversion members have respective surfaces that are configured to receive and transform the reflected light, each of said surfaces facing in respective downward directions back toward the corresponding contoured sections to receive the reflected light; and wherein the energy conversion members are clustered around a central axis extending from the primary optical element along the mounting post, the central axis extending parallel to light rays of the impinging light when the primary optical element is at a desired alignment, wherein the downward directions form acute angles with respect to said central axis. 5. The module in accordance with claim 4 wherein the proximal end of the mounting post is secured to the primary optical element at a central area where the contoured sections of the primary optical element are located adjacent one another, the post extending from the central area to the distal end, the receiver system being held at the distal end of the post. 6. The module in accordance with claim 4 wherein the receiver system includes at least one set of fins extending into a flow of the working fluid and proximate to a corresponding conversion member, the set of fins facilitating transfer of thermal energy from the corresponding energy conversion member. 7. The module in accordance with claim 4 wherein at least one energy conversion member includes a photovoltaic (PV) cell for transforming the reflected light into electrical energy. 8. A light concentrating module comprising: a primary optical element having a reflective surface comprising a plurality of contoured sections, each contoured section shaped to reflect and substantially concentrate impinging light toward a corresponding focal point at a point-focal region, the corresponding point-focal regions being located proximate to each other in a convergence area; a receiver system having a plurality of energy conversion members positioned proximate to respective point-focal regions for transforming the reflected light into at least one of thermal and electrical energy; and a header of the receiver system that is located proximate to the convergence area and comprising a body that supports the plurality of energy conversion members, the energy conversion members being held by the body at different orientations for receiving the reflected light from the contoured sections, the body having at least one working fluid passage that directs working fluid proximate to the energy conversion members to absorb thermal energy therefrom; wherein the receiver system includes a plurality of secondary optical elements positioned proximate to the energy conversion members, the secondary optical elements configured to direct the reflected light toward corresponding energy conversion members; wherein the energy conversion members are located a distance away from the primary optical element, the energy conversion members having respective surfaces that are configured to receive and transform the reflected light, each of said surfaces facing in respective downward directions back toward the corresponding contoured sections to receive the reflected light; and wherein the energy conversion members are clustered around a central axis extending from the primary optical element, the central axis extending parallel to light rays of the impinging light when the primary optical element is at a desired alignment, wherein the downward directions form acute angles with respect to said central axis. 9. The module in accordance with claim 8 further comprising a mounting post extending from the primary optical element toward the point-focal regions and to a distal end, the header coupled to the distal end. 10. The module in accordance with claim 8 wherein the receiver system includes at least one set of fins extending into a flow of the working fluid and proximate to a corresponding conversion member, the set of fins facilitating transfer of thermal energy from the corresponding energy conversion member. 11. The module in accordance with claim 8 wherein at least one energy conversion member includes a photovoltaic (PV) cell for transforming the reflected light into electrical energy. 12. The module in accordance with claim 1 wherein the primary optical element is integrally formed and the reflective surface is a continuous surface that is shaped to have the plurality of contoured sections. 13. The module in accordance with claim 1 wherein at least one of the energy conversion members comprises a plurality of multijunction solar cells. 14. The module in accordance with claim 4 wherein the working fluid passages direct a flow of incoming working fluid through the mounting post to a location above the energy conversion members, the working fluid flowing generally along the central axis when absorbing thermal energy from the energy conversion members, the outgoing working fluid flowing through the mounting post. 15. The module in accordance with claim 4 wherein the working fluid passages include a plurality of separate working fluid passages, each separate working fluid passage directing a working fluid proximate to a corresponding one energy conversion member to absorb thermal energy therefrom. 16. The module in accordance with claim 1 wherein the secondary optical elements and energy conversion members are arranged in a 1:1 relationship such that each of the secondary optical elements directs errant light rays toward only a single energy conversion member and each of the energy conversion members receives light from only a single secondary optical element. 17. The module in accordance with claim 16 wherein each of the secondary optical elements receives light from only a single contoured section, the point-focal region associated with said single contoured section occurring proximate to or within the respective secondary optical element. 18. The module in accordance with claim 8 wherein the body includes a fluid chamber that forms a common reservoir, the working fluid flowing through the fluid chamber absorbing thermal energy from each of the energy conversion members. 19. The module in accordance with claim 1 wherein the acute angles are approximately 45.degree.. 20. The module in accordance with claim 1 wherein the contoured sections are arranged in a 1:1 relationship with respect to the energy conversion members such that each of the energy conversion members only receives light that is substantially concentrated toward a single point-focal region. 21. The module in accordance with claim 1 wherein the downward direction of each of the energy conversion members extends along a member axis from the energy conversion member toward the corresponding contoured section, the corresponding secondary optical element having a cross-section taken perpendicular to the member axis that extends completely around the member axis. 22. The module in accordance with claim 21 wherein the cross-sections of the secondary optical elements are circular. 23. The module in accordance with claim 1 wherein the secondary optical elements are configured to completely surround the reflected light when viewed in a direction that is opposite that of the respective downward direction. 24. The module in accordance with claim 1 further comprising a mounting post extending from the primary optical element toward the point-focal regions and to a distal end, the receiver system coupled to the distal end. 25. The module in accordance with claim 4 wherein the contoured sections are arranged in a 1:1 relationship with respect to the energy conversion members such that each of the energy conversion members only receives light that is substantially concentrated toward a single point-focal region. 26. The module in accordance with claim 8 wherein the contoured sections are arranged in a 1:1 relationship with respect to the energy conversion members such that each of the energy conversion members only receives light that is substantially concentrated toward a single point-focal region. 