Systems and methods for managing power usage are provided. The system includes a programmable microprocessor, at least one input mechanism, a memory having instructions and/or other information, a display, at least one power consuming power device and a remote server. The systems allows the user of a power consuming device to receive instructions or other information from the server. The method includes using stored program instructions to generate power device related information on a display, collecting power device data representative of the electrical current or power consumed, connecting to a remote computing facility having a server, and providing the data to a computer remotely located from the central server.
Claims I claim: 1. A system for managing power usage comprising a plurality of networked customer sites, each site comprising: a programmable microprocessor; at least one input mechanism; a memory having program instructions; a display; at least one power device comprising at least one sensor operable for monitoring electrical current or power consumed associated with operation of the power device and for producing signals representative of the monitored electrical current or power consumed; a communications device connectable in signal communication with both the programmable microprocessor and the at least one sensor; and the program instructions which when executed by the programmable microprocessor, (i) cause information stored in the memory to be presented to a first user on the display, (ii) collect user data from a user interaction of the first user with the at least one input mechanism in response to the information and stores the user data in the memory, (iii) collect sensor data from the at least one sensor and stores the sensor data in the memory, (iv) transmit the user data, the sensor data and an identification code of the program instructions to a remotely located server, (v) receive updated program instructions from the server for the programmable microprocessor, and (vi) store the updated program instructions in the memory, wherein the plurality of customer sites are configured to act as a virtual utility or power co-op. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the virtual utility or power co-op negotiates for better power prices based on managed consumption and predictable usage patterns. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the virtual utility or power co-op negotiates for permission-based or profile-based blackout management. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein blackout management comprises blacking out specific local usages. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of the plurality of networked customer sites locally generates power. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the virtual utility or power co-op aggregates the local power generation and sells energy back to a utility. 7. The system of claim 5, wherein the local power generation comprises at least one of: solar units, wind turbines, geothermal units, fuel cells, biofuels, or exercise equipment. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the sensors are located at electrical outlets on one or more walls of the sites. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the power devices in the plurality of networked customer sites can be controlled remotely. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the signals are transmitted via RF transmission. 11. The system of claim 1, further comprising software enabling authentication of a second user of the system. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the second user comprises at least one of: the first user, a utility representative, or a third party. 13. The system of claim 1, further comprising at least one third party in signal communication with the server. 14. The system of claim 13, further comprising software in the server enabling authentication of the first user, a utility representative and/or the third party. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the first user, the utility representative and/or the third party have different levels of access to the system based on the authentication. 16. A method of using a modular microprocessor system for managing power usage comprising: (a) at a plurality of power device sites employing at least one power device, (i) using program instructions stored in a non-transitory medium to generate power device related information on at least one display; (ii) collecting power device data using a programmable microprocessor; (iii) collecting user data from a first user interacting with at least one input mechanism in response to the power device related information; (b) connecting at least one remotely located computing facility including at least one central server for communication with a communications device at the power device sites; (c) providing the power device data, the user data and an identification code of the program instructions to the central server; (d) providing the power device data from the central server to at least one computer remotely located from and in signal communication with the central server, wherein hardware and software of the central server are configured to receive and store the power device data from the plurality of power device sites that can be viewed or retrieved by a second user from the remotely located computer; and (e) aggregating the plurality of power device sites into a virtual utility or power co-op. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the aggregate of power device sites buys and/or sells power as a group. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein the aggregate of power device sites manages power within the group in order to optimize financial returns. 19. The method of claim 16, wherein the aggregate of power device sites is metered as a group with respect to a utility grid. 20. The system of claim 3, wherein the blackout management comprises blacking out specific devices. 