A dual air cavity roof has a continuous upper cavity which is cooled by fans, while the lower cavity is generally sealed. Preferably the cavities are separated by a radiant barrier. The fans are preferably powered by one or more photovoltaic cells that are also disposed on the roof. The roof can be pre-cooled with cooler night air and fans only activated when necessary to remove heat from the solar load on the upper cavity. When it is desirable to remove heat, the fan speed is optimized in each zone of the roof to enhance the natural convective flow to the optimum level. A radiant barrier can also cover the roof substrate, which is optionally an existing roof that is in need of repair. The roof structure is preferably assembled in parallel modules using insulating support brackets that support the outer surface and the barrier that separates the upper and lower cavity.
Claims We claim: 1. An active cooling system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure, the system comprising: a) a radiant barrier layer covering at least one exterior surface of the structure, the radiant barrier layer being generally disposed in a first plane that is co-extensive with a planar portion of the structure, b) a plurality of mounting brackets disposed above said radiant barrier that are connected to the exterior surface of the structure, wherein said mounting brackets support; i) an inner skin spaced away from said radiant barrier layer, being disposed in a second plane substantially parallel to said first plane, ii) an outer skin spaced away from said inner skin, being disposed in a third plane substantially parallel to said first plane and second plane, iii) wherein the region between said radiant barrier layer and the inner skin is a sealed lower cavity, and the region between said inner skin and said outer skin is a ventilated upper cavity, c) one or more air inlet vents disposed in fluid communication with the upper cavity at the lower lateral extent thereof, d) one or more air outlet vents disposed in fluid communication with the upper cavity at the upper lateral extent thereof, e) at least one fan disposed in fluid communication with the upper cavity to draw air in from said air inlet vents and then expel the air out from said air outlet vents. 2. An active cooling system according to claim 1 further comprising a plurality of PV cells disposed on the outer surface of the structure to receive solar radiation and connected provide power to said at least one fan. 3. An active cooling system according to claim 2 and further comprising a plurality of thermal sensors disposed to measure and compare the temperatures in different portions of the active cooling system. 4. An active cooling system according to claim 3 further comprising a controller that is operative to modulate the operation of the said fans in response to measured differences in temperatures. 5. An active cooling system according to claim 1 wherein each mounting brackets has: a) a vertical extending body having an upper end and a lower end; b) a horizontal base extending laterally from the lower end of the vertical extending body connected to the structure; c) upper arms that extend horizontally from the upper end of the vertically extending body that connect to and support the outer skin; d) lower arms that extend horizontally from between the upper and lower end of the vertically extending body that connect to and support the inner skin. 6. An active cooling system according to claim 5 wherein the upper and lower arms of said brackets extend in opposite directions from said vertical extending body. 7. An active cooling system according to claim 1 wherein the inner skin further comprises a second radiant barrier. 8. An active cooling system according to claim 7 wherein the inner skin further comprises a thermoplastic resin support panel that is supported by said brackets and wherein the second radiant barrier is disposed on said thermoplastic resin support panel. 9. An active cooling system according to claim 8 wherein lateral gaps between said thermoplastic resin support panels are covered by laterally extending portions of the second radiant barrier to seal the lower cavity. 10. An active cooling system according to claim 1 further comprising; a) a common duct in fluid communication with the upper cavity that extends along the upper lateral extent thereof, b) a baffle disposed to laterally extend between said common duct and the upper lateral extent of the upper cavity, c) wherein a pair of fans are disposed at opposite ends of said common duct at a corresponding pair of air inlet vents for expelling air from the common duct, and d) said baffle has a plurality of apertures along the length thereof to provide substantially uniform air flow across the width of the upper cavity in the direction of said duct. 11. An active cooling system according to claim 1 wherein said mounting brackets provide thermal isolation between the outer skin and the radiant barrier covering. 12. An active cooling system according to claim 11 wherein said mounting brackets are metal and the active cooling system further comprises thermal block members disposed between each mounting bracket and the radiant barrier layer. 13. A process for cooling a structure, the process comprising the steps of: a) providing a structure having a outer sealed roof in need of replacement, b) attaching a radiant barrier layer to the outer sealed roof, c) attaching support brackets to the outer sealed roof over said radiant barrier layer, d) attaching an outer planar member to the support brackets to form a first cavity between the outer sealed roof or vertical wall and the outer planar member, wherein the support brackets provide thermal isolation between the outer sealed roof or wall and the outer planar member, e) providing a common duct in fluid communication with the first cavity that extends along the upper lateral extent thereof, f) providing a baffle disposed to laterally extend between said common duct and the upper lateral extent of the first cavity, wherein said baffle has a means to provide substantially uniform air flow across the width of the upper cavity in the direction of said duct, g) providing at least one electric fan device powered by a motor in fluid communication with the common duct to ventilate the first cavity disposed between the outer planar member and the outer sealed roof, h) providing at least one photovoltaic cell (PV Cell) coupled to the structure is electrically connected to the motor of the at least one electric fan device, i) exposing the at least one PV Cell to the solar radiation wherein electrical power from the PV cell powers the motor of the electric fan to circulate air through the first cavity thereby cooling the structure. 14. A process for cooling a structure, the process comprising the steps of: a) providing a structure having at least one of a sealed roof and as vertical wall disposed in a first reference plane, b) attaching a first radiant barrier layer to the at least one of a sealed roof and a vertical wall disposed in a first reference plane, c) attaching a substantially planar outer skin member to the structure in a second plane spaced away from and substantially parallel to the first reference plane to define an outer cavity, d) providing at least one electric fan device in fluid communication with the outer cavity, e) providing a first means to measure the temperatures in a region between the structure and the first radiant barrier, f) providing a second means to measure the temperatures of the ambient air external to the structure, g) providing a third means to measure the temperatures within a region of the structure disposed inward from the first means to measure the temperature, h) providing a means to selectively control the at least one electric fan in response to the differences in temperature between at least one pair of the first, second and third means to measure temperature, i) wherein the means to selectively control the at least one electric fan is selectively operative to ventilate the first cavity when the temperature of the ambient air is below the temperature in the region between the structure and the first radiant barrier. 15. A process for cooling a structure according to claim 14 wherein the means to selectively control the operation of the at least one electric fan further is operative to ventilate the first cavity in a pulsed mode when; a) when the temperature of the ambient air is below the temperature in the region between the structure and the first radiant barrier, and b) the temperature of the ambient air is above the temperature within the region of the structure disposed inward from the first means to measure the temperature. 16. A process for cooling a structure according to claim 14 further comprising means to measure wind speed the means to selectively control the operation of the at least one electric fan further is only operative ventilate the first cavity when the wind speed is below a first predetermined value. 17. A process for cooling a structure according to claim 14 further comprising means to determine the time, wherein the means to selectively control the operation of the at least one electric fan further is only operative ventilate the first cavity when time is between two predetermined values. 18. A process for cooling a structure according to claim 14 wherein the process further comprises provided a sealed air spaced inner cavity between the first radiant barrier and the outer cavity. 19. A process for cooling a structure according to claim 14 wherein the process further comprises provided a second radiant barrier between the sealed air spaced inner cavity and the outer cavity. 20. A process for cooling a structure according to claim 14 and further comprising the steps of providing; a) a battery to provide electrical power to the electrical fan, b) at least one PV Cell to charge the battery, c) wherein the means to selectively control the at least one electric fan is selectively operative to charge the battery from the at least one PV Cell when the at least one electric fan is not being energized, d) wherein the ambient air temperature and the temperature of the least a portion of the sealed roof or vertical wall is selectively operative to at least one of; i) actuate fans to draw in outside air and pre-cool the space when ambient temperature is below the temperature of the at least a portion of the sealed roof or vertical wall, ii) modulate the fan speed to achieve the optimum air flow rate for removing excess heat to optimize cooling thereof in response to the local solar load when the ambient temperature exceeds the temperature of the at least a portion of the sealed roof or vertical wall. 