A solar tracking system for mounting on a roof having one or more rooftop planar surfaces includes an array of solar tracking assemblies for at least one of the one or more rooftop planar surfaces, each array of solar tracking assemblies mountable at substantially the same orientation on the rooftop planar surface, each solar tracking assembly including a mounting structure, a steering mechanism, and one or more energy converting units that convert solar energy into electrical energy, the steering mechanism supported at least in part by the mounting structure and the one or more energy converting units steered by the steering mechanism; a drive mechanism that drives multiple steering mechanisms of the array of solar tracking assemblies; and a control processor that controls the drive mechanism so that the one or more energy converting units follow the sun.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar tracking system for mounting on a roof having one or more rooftop planar surfaces, comprising: an array of solar tracking assemblies for at least one of the one or more rooftop planar surfaces, each array of solar tracking assemblies mountable at substantially the same orientation on the rooftop planar surface, each solar tracking assembly including a mounting structure, a steering mechanism, and one or more energy converting units that convert solar energy into electrical energy, the steering mechanism supported at least in part by the mounting structure and the one or more energy converting units steered by the steering mechanism; a drive mechanism that drives multiple steering mechanisms of the array of solar tracking assemblies; and a control processor that controls the drive mechanism so that the one or more energy converting units follow the sun, wherein the steering mechanism includes three parallel rotary shafts providing two rotational degrees of freedom and a translational degree of freedom up and down of the one or more energy converting units. 2. The solar tracking system of claim 1, wherein the control processor is programmed to drive the drive mechanism so that the one or more energy converting units follow the sun, the control processor is programmed based on calculations based on at least one of location, orientation, roof pitch, other installation parameters, and sun angle sensor that finds the true instantaneous angle of incidence of the sun without requiring pre-programming of the solar tracking system's location or orientation. 3. The solar tracking system of claim 1, wherein the roof includes a roof support structure, and the mounting structure at least partially supports the solar tracking assembly and connects to the roof support structure. 4. The solar tracking system of claim 1, wherein the steering mechanism is configured to steer the one or more energy converting units into a position so that the one or more energy converting units are parallel with the rooftop planar surface and the solar tracking system further including a wind sensor that senses a high-wind condition in communication with the control processor, and the control processor drives the drive mechanism so that the one or more energy converting units are translated down along the translational degree of freedom from a first up position to a second down position parallel with and substantially adjacent to the rooftop planar surface upon detection of a high-wind condition. 5. The solar tracking system of claim 1, wherein the drive mechanism includes multiple elongated shafts extending between solar tracking assemblies and imparting movement on the multiple steering mechanisms of the array of solar tracking assemblies to steer the one or more energy converting units. 6. The solar tracking system of claim 5, wherein the multiple elongated shafts define a plane that is parallel with the rooftop planar surface. 7. The solar tracking system of claim 1, wherein the solar tracking system is mountable on both pitched and flat roofs of houses and buildings. 8. The solar tracking system of claim 1, wherein the solar tracking assemblies are interconnected in a modular adaptable fashion, allowing installations to be configured in different shapes in two dimensions depending on one or more of the roof configuration, roof penetrations, and roof obstructions. 9. The solar tracking system of claim 1, wherein the solar tracking system includes multiple arrays of solar tracking assemblies, one array for each rooftop planar surface. 10. The solar tracking system of claim 1, wherein the control processor drives the drive mechanism so that the one or more energy converting units are translated down along the translational degree of freedom from a first up position to a second down position parallel with and substantially adjacent to the rooftop planar surface. 