A dispensing device comprising an upright rotatable product carrousel comprising a plurality of dispensing chutes for retaining a product. The dispensing chutes are radially located about a central pivot, with a dispensing point located at a lowest point of rotation of the product carrousel. During use, removal of product from a dispensing chute located at the dispensing point results in rotation of the product carrousel to position an adjacent dispensing chute at the dispensing point, allowing for sequential removal of product from the product carrousel.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A dispensing device comprising: an upright rotatable product carrousel comprising a plurality of dispensing chutes for retaining a product, said dispensing chutes being radially located about a central pivot; a dispensing point located at a lowest point of rotation of said product carrousel; wherein removal of product from a dispensing chute located at said dispensing point results in rotation of the product carrousel to position an adjacent dispensing chute at said dispensing point, allowing for sequential removal of product from the product carrousel; and wherein said upright rotatable product carrousel further comprises at least one ballasting weight to facilitate rotation of the product carrousel in instances where the raised center of gravity is insufficient to induce rotation of said upright rotatable product carrousel. 2. The dispensing device according to claim 1, wherein said plurality of dispensing chutes of said product carrousel is provided on a rotatable base plate, rotatable about said central pivot. 3. The dispensing device according to claim 2, wherein each of said plurality of dispensing chutes is further comprised of a outside end plate, an inside endplate, and first and second side walls. 4. The dispensing device according to claim 1, further comprising a frame for rotatably mounting said upright rotatable product carrousel, said frame providing a shaft for mounting said upright rotatable product carrousel. 5. The dispensing device according to claim 1, wherein said dispensing device further comprises a housing having an access port or door located at said dispensing point, said access port or door being lockable upon rotation of said upright rotatable product carrousel. 6. The dispensing device according to claim 1, wherein said dispensing device further comprises a housing having at least one lockable door dimensioned to expose substantially the entire product carrousel upon opening. 7. The dispensing device according to claim 1, further comprising two ballasting weights, a first ballasting weight being located at the 2 o'clock position on the upright rotatable product carrousel, and the second ballasting weight being located at the 4 o'clock position on the upright rotatable product carrousel, the second ballasting weight being generally twice the weight of the first ballasting weight. 8. The dispensing device according to claim 1, further comprising a user interface having at least one of a magnetic card reader, a proximity card reader, a display, a keypad, and a receipt printer. 9. The dispensing device according to claim 8, wherein said user interface is a payment interface configured to enable payment using at least one of an automated fuel control system, credit card, and debit card. 10. The dispensing device according to claim 8, wherein said user interface provides indicators to inform a customer of one or more of a ready state, a start state, a dispensing state, a complete state and an out-of-product state. 11. The dispensing device according to claim 8, further comprising a processing unit for receiving operational information from the upright rotatable product carrousel and controlling operations of the dispensing device. 12. The dispensing device according to claim 11, wherein said operational information is provided through the use of story plates provided on each of the dispensing chutes, each story plate encoding information about a corresponding dispensing chute, the story plates being read by a logic reader provided in the dispensing device. 13. The dispensing device according to claim 11, wherein said processing unit is configured to communicate with a remote location through at least one of wired communication and wireless communication. 14. The dispensing device according to claim 1, further comprising one or more sensors to detect operational conditions of the dispensing device. 15. The dispensing device according to claim 14, wherein at least one sensor is provided to detect an out-of-product condition. 16. The dispensing device according to claim 1, wherein a plurality of dispensing devices are provided in a single housing having a common frame structure. 17. The dispensing device according to claim 1, wherein two dispensing devices are located back-to-back. 18. The dispensing device according to claim 1, further comprising a brake mechanism to control the rotation of the upright rotatable product carrousel, said brake mechanism being at least one of a mechanical braking system and an energy regenerative braking system. 19. The dispensing device according to claim 1, wherein the dispensing device operates on DC power. 20. The dispensing device according to claim 19, wherein said DC power is provided through the use of solar panels provided on at least one surface of the dispensing device. 21. A dispensing device comprising: a frame presenting a shaft; an upright rotatable product carrousel comprising a central pivot mounted on said shaft, said product carrousel being configured to rotate about said shaft, said product carrousel having a plurality of dispensing chutes for retaining a product, said dispensing chutes being radially located about said central pivot; a housing for encasing at least said upright rotatable product carrousel, said housing providing a dispensing point at a lowest point of rotation of said product carrousel; a stop mechanism configured to align each of said dispensing chutes at the dispensing point; wherein removal of product from said dispensing chute located at said dispensing point, and disengagement of said stop mechanism results in rotation of the product carrousel to position an adjacent dispensing chute at said dispensing point, allowing for sequential removal of product from the product carrousel; and wherein said upright rotatable product carrousel further comprises at least one ballasting weight to facilitate rotation of the product carrousel in instances where the raised center of gravity is insufficient to induce rotation of said upright rotatable product carrousel. 