Described in certain embodiments are mounting systems that employ one or more T-posts to support useful implements such as birdhouses, signs, fencing, banners, and the like. Additional disclosed embodiments relate to unique post- or wall-mount systems for such implements.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A multi-purpose mount assembly, comprising: a T-post; and a mount accessory mounted atop the T-post, said mount accessory defining an internal void in which a portion of the T-post is received, wherein said internal void is shaped as a negative of a top end of the T-post and is configured to frictionally engage the T-post; said mount accessory including an upwardly-facing bearing surface defining a plurality of threaded apertures; and wherein said internal void extends upwardly and only partially through said mount accessory so as to terminate within said mount accessory below said upwardly-facing bearing surface. 2. The mount assembly of claim 1, also comprising an implement mounted atop said bearing surface. 3. A durable T-post mounted accessory, comprising: a T-post; and an accessory mounted atop the T-post; said accessory including an accessory body defining an internal void extending only partially through the accessory body and shaped to correspond and frictionally mate with the T-post; said accessory body having a solid cross-section between said void and outer surfaces of the body encompassing said void; said accessory body including a first body portion for mounting on the T-post, the first body portion including said internal void, and said accessory body including a second body portion positioned above the first body portion and internal void, the second body portion defining an upwardly-facing bearing surface having a diameter larger than that of said first body portion. 4. The mounted accessory of claim 3, wherein said upwardly facing bearing surface defines a plurality of apertures. 5. The mounted accessory of claim 4, wherein said internal void has a generally triangular shape in cross section, and wherein said internal void extends only partially through said accessory body from an opening on a bottom surface of said accessory body. 6. The mounted accessory of claim 4, wherein said internal void is shaped as a negative of a top end of the T-post, and wherein said internal void extends only partially through said accessory body from an opening on a bottom surface of said accessory body. 7. A post assembly, comprising: an internal post structure; a cap accessory received atop the post structure; a sleeve accessory contacting said cap accessory and received over an intermediate portion of said internal post structure; and a footing accessory contacting said sleeve accessory and received over and surrounding a lower portion of said internal post structure, the footing accessory including a body for surrounding the lower portion of the internal post structure and least one protrusion for ground-penetration to secure a position of the footing accessory, said at least one protrusion being integral with said body. 8. The post assembly of claim 7, wherein said internal post structure comprises a T-post. 9. The post assembly of claim 7, wherein said at least one protrusion is a spike. 10. The post assembly of claim 7, wherein said cap accessory defines an internal void for receipt of an upper end of said internal post structure. 11. The post assembly of claim 7, wherein said cap accessory is a mount accessory. 12. The post assembly of claim 11, wherein said mount accessory includes a bearing surface defining apertures. 13. The post assembly of claim 7, wherein said sleeve accessory comprises at least one opening configured to receive and support a laterally-extending cross board. 14. An assembly for supporting an adjacent object, the assembly comprising: a T-post; a top-mounted accessory on said T-post; said top-mounted accessory including a mount body defining an internal void received over and frictionally engaging an upper region of said T-post; said top-mounted accessory including a lateral arm connected to said mount body and extending transversely to said T-post; a receiver element connected at an end of said lateral arm and defining a region for receipt against the adjacent object without completely surrounding the adjacent object with the receiver element; and a secondary element cooperable with said receiver element to completely surround the adjacent object. 15. A T-post supported fence structure, comprising: first and second T-post structures spaced from one another; first and second sleeve elements received over said first and second T-post structures, respectively, said first and second sleeve elements each having a vertical face defining an opening; and at least one cross-board element extending completely between said first and second sleeve elements and having a first end received within the opening defined in the vertical face of the first sleeve element so as to be supported by said first sleeve element and a second end received within the opening defined in the vertical face of the second sleeve element so as to be supported by said second sleeve element. 16. The fence structure of claim 15, wherein said first and second T-post structures each include a plurality of T-posts. 17. The fence structure of claim 15, wherein said openings each have an inclined upper surface. 18. The fence structure of claim 15, also comprising first and second cap accessories mounted atop said first and second T-post structures, respectively. 19. The fence structure of claim 18, also comprising first and second footing accessories received over said first and second T-post structures, respectively. 20. A supported implement, comprising: a vertical post structure including first and second T-posts confined in an overlapping condition, the first and second T-posts including respective first and second upper ends, wherein the first and second upper ends are vertically co-aligned; an implement attached to said vertical post structure, wherein said implement comprises a cap accessory received over said vertically co-aligned first and second upper ends; and wherein the cap accessory has an internal void sized to frictionally engage said vertically co-aligned first and second upper ends. 21. The supported implement of claim 20, wherein the implement comprises a fence structure. 22. The supported implement of claim 20, wherein said cap accessory comprises a mailbox. 23. The supported implement of claim 20, wherein said cap accessory comprises a birdhouse. 24. The supported implement of claim 20, wherein said cap accessory comprises a mount accessory having a bearing surface. 25. A post mounting system, comprising: a post structure having an upper end; a first mount element received against the upper end and extending above said post structure, said first mount element defining an internal void extending only partially through said first mount element, with the upper end of the post structure received in the internal void; and a second mount element cooperable for reversible attachment to said first mount element; and said second mount element including a bearing face for contact with an implement to be mounted; and apertures defined in said bearing face for receiving fasteners. 26. The system of claim 25, also comprising an implement received against and mounted to said bearing face. 27. The system of claim 26, wherein said implement comprises a birdhouse. 28. A pole mounting system, comprising: a post structure received in the ground so as to extend beneath a surface of the ground; a sleeve structure defining a first void, said post structure received in said first void; said sleeve structure also defining a second void; an upstanding pole received in said second void, the upstanding pole having a lowermost end received against the surface of the ground; at least one implement mounted to said pole, wherein said implement comprises a solar panel; and wherein the sleeve structure has a central axis, and wherein said second void is a channel generally aligned with said central axis and said first void is a channel offset from said central axis. 29. The pole mounting system of claim 28, also comprising a second implement mounted to said pole, wherein said second implement comprises a mount structure for at least one weather-related instrument. 30. The pole mounting system of claim 28, wherein said post structure comprises at least one T-post. 31. A post mounting system, comprising: (a) a post structure including: (i) a post having a cross-sectional shape including three or more outwardly-extending arms, said outwardly-extending arms each having an outermost arm surface; (ii) a sleeve element received over said post, said sleeve element including an internal cylindrical void sized and shaped such that the sleeve element frictionally engages said outwardly-extending arms only at said outermost arm surfaces; (b) a top-mounted element mounted atop said post structure and extending above and covering an upper end of said post. 32. The post mounting system of claim 31, wherein said cylindrical void has a substantially circular cross section. 33. The post mounting system of claim 31, wherein said post is a T-post. 34. The post mounting system of claim 31, wherein said top-mounted element has a void received over an upper portion of said sleeve element. 35. The post mounting system of claim 31, wherein said top-mounted element has a void extending only partially therethrough and configured for frictional engagement of an upper portion of said post. 36. A method for installing a post structure in ground, comprising: providing first and second T-posts in an overlapping configuration with respective upper ends of the first and second T-posts vertically co-aligned; installing a driving cap over said T-posts, said driving cap defining an internal void for receiving the vertically co-aligned upper ends of said T-posts; and applying a driving force to an upper surface of said driving cap to drive said T-posts into the ground in said overlapping configuration with the respective upper ends of the first and second T-posts vertically co-aligned. 37. A post-supported barricade fence structure, comprising: at least first and second post structures spaced from one another; first and second sleeve elements received over said first and second post structures, respectively, said first and second sleeve elements including upper portions and lower portions; a higher tension fencing material attached to and supported between said lower portions of said sleeve elements; and a lower tension fencing material attached to and supported between said upper portions of said sleeve elements and extending above said higher tension fencing material, said lower tension fencing material comprising flexible elongate material strung between the first and second posts, and said lower tension fencing material including breakaway points providing weakened zones at which the lower tension fencing material will separate when subjected to a damaging force. 