A lavatory system having at least one wash station and at least one electrically operated fixture is disclosed. The lavatory system includes a control system for operating the at least one electrically operated fixture. The control system comprises a power supply system, a detection system, and a fixture actuation system. According to one embodiment, the detection system comprises a processor, a sensor configured to detect a user within a sensing region, and a sampling circuit configured to store a signal from the sensor that is used by the processor to activate the fixture. According to another embodiment, the power supply system includes a power source providing an output voltage for operating components of the control system, a detector monitoring the output voltage, and a switch for electrically disconnecting the power source from the components of the control system if the output voltage drops below a predetermined level. According to one embodiment, the power source is at least one photovoltaic cell coupled to the lavatory system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A control system for use with a lavatory system having at least one wash station and at least one electrically operated fixture for use by a user, the control system comprising: an infrared detection system including a control circuit operable during a first period during which a sensing region is monitored for the presence of the user followed by a second period during which power consumption by the control circuit is reduced, the second period being at least 100 times greater than first period so that total power consumption by the control circuit can be reduced; a fixture actuation system coupled to the detection system and configured to control the flow of a fluid through the fixture based upon a signal received from the control circuit during the first period; a power supply for operating the infrared detection system and the fixture actuation system, the power supply including a photovoltaic cell; a power management system coupled to the photovoltaic cell to control the power provided to the control system, the power management system comprising: a detector configured to monitor a power output of the photovoltaic cell; and a switch configured to electrically disconnect the photovoltaic cell from the control system when the power output drops below a predetermined value. 2. The control system of claim 1 wherein the second period is between approximately 100 milliseconds and approximately 400 milliseconds and the first period is between approximately 0.5 milliseconds and approximately 2 milliseconds. 3. The control system of claim 2 wherein the second period is approximately 250 milliseconds and the first period is approximately 1 millisecond. 4. The control system of claim 1 wherein the control circuit comprises a processor. 5. The control system of claim 4 wherein the processor is a central processing unit having a clock rate greater than approximately 32 kilohertz (kHz). 6. The control system of claim 5 wherein the central processing unit has a clock rate ranging from approximately 32 kHz to 20 megahertz (MHz). 7. The control system of claim 1 wherein the fixture actuation system comprises a valve configured to control the flow of fluid through the at least one fixture. 8. The control system of claim 1 wherein the infrared detection system further comprises a sensor having at least one light emitting diode functioning as a transmitter and at least one photodiode functioning as a receiver. 9. A control system for use with a lavatory system for use by a user having at least one wash station and at least one electrically operated fixture, the control system comprising: a control circuit; a sensor coupled to the control circuit and including a transmitter and a receiver configured to sense the user within a sensing region; a sampling circuit coupled to the control circuit and the sensor, the sampling circuit receives and stores a first signal and a second signal from the receiver during a sampling period, a difference between the first signal and the second signal being received by the control circuit for determining whether to activate the fixture; a power source selectively coupled to the control system for operating the control system; and a power management system coupled to the power source to control the power provided to the control system, the power management system comprising: a detector configured to monitor a power output of the power source; and a switch configured to electrically disconnect the power source from the control system when the power output drops below a predetermined value. 10. The control system of claim 9 wherein the sampling period is approximately 1.5 microseconds. 11. The control system of claim 9 wherein the sampling period is followed by a second period during which power consumption by the control circuit is reduced, the second period being at least 100 times greater than sampling period so that total power consumption by the control circuit can be reduced. 12. The control system of claim 11 wherein the second period is between approximately 100 milliseconds and approximately 400 milliseconds and the sampling period is between approximately 0.5 milliseconds and approximately 2 milliseconds. 13. The control system of claim 12 wherein the second period is approximately 250 milliseconds and the sampling period is approximately 1 millisecond. 14. The control system of claim 9 further comprising a central processing unit having a clock rate greater than approximately 32 kilohertz (kHz). 15. The control system of claim 14 wherein the central processing unit has a clock rate ranging from approximately 32 kHz to 20 megahertz (MHz). 16. The control system of claim 9 further comprising a first device configured to receive a pulse from the control system and to provide a first output to the sampling circuit and a second output to a second device configured to provide a first output to the sampling circuit and a second output for activating the transmitter. 17. The control system of claim 16 wherein the first device and the second device are a dual monostable multivibrator. 18. The control system of claim 9 wherein the power supply includes at least one of a battery, a photovoltaic cell, or combinations thereof. 19. The control system of claim 9 further comprising a fixture actuation system having a switch electrically coupled to a valve and configured to receive an input signal from the processor representative of the desired position of the valve. 20. A control system for use with a lavatory system having at least one wash station and at least one electrically operated fixture for use by a user, the control system comprising: a control circuit; an infrared sensor coupled to the control circuit and including a transmitter and a receiver configured to sense the user within a sensing region; a sampling circuit coupled to the control circuit and the sensor and configured to receive and store a first signal and a second signal from the receiver during a sampling period; a power supply for operating the control system, the power supply including a photovoltaic cell; a power management system coupled to the photovoltaic cell to control the power provided to the control system, the power management system comprising: a detector configured to monitor a power output of the photovoltaic cell; and a switch configured to electrically disconnect the photovoltaic cell from the control system when the power output drops below a predetermined value, wherein the transmitter is configured to emit pulses of infrared light into the sensing region and the receiver is configured to measure the level of infrared light in the sensing region, wherein the sampling circuit includes a first capacitor configured to store the first signal representative of the level of infrared light in the sensing region when the transmitter is not emitting infrared light and a second capacitor configured to store the second signal representative of the level of infrared light in the sensing region when the transmitter is emitting infrared light, wherein a difference between the first signal and the second signal is received by the control circuit for determining whether to activate the fixture. 21. The control system of claim 20 wherein the sampling period is approximately 1.5 microseconds. 22. The control system of claim 20 wherein the sampling period is followed by a second period during which power consumption by the control circuit is reduced, the second period being at least 100 times greater than sampling period so that total power consumption by the control circuit can be reduced. 23. The control system of claim 22 wherein the second period is between approximately 100 milliseconds and approximately 400 milliseconds and the first period is between approximately 0.5 milliseconds and approximately 2 milliseconds. 24. The control system of claim 22 wherein the second period is approximately 250 milliseconds and the first period is approximately 1 millisecond. 