A base computer that, under normal conditions receives and stores individual ingress/egress data transmitted from at least one card reader and that maintains a current occupancy census of a facility. Under emergency conditions, individual exit from the facility is registered at a plurality of card readers located at evacuation assembly areas and such egress data are transmitted by wireless means to a portable computer that is in communication with the base computer thereby allowing a real time, current occupancy census to be generated and displayed. Egress can also be registered by telephone to a preestablished phone number.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An emergency ingress/egress monitoring system for a facility comprising: a. at least one first card reader means, said first card reader means being in communication with a base computer, wherein said base computer stores and transmitts ingress and egress census data received from said at least one first card reader means; b. a plurality of second card reader means, said plurality of second card reader means being located at emergency assembly areas outside of the facility and further being in wireless communication with a portable computer; c. said portable computer being located at a remote position outside of said facility and further being in communication with said base computer, and wherein said portable computer further processes, visually displays, and generates printed displays of census data transmitted from said base computer, wherein ingress of an individual entering the facility is registered by said individual enabling said individual's personal identification card to be read by said at least one first card reader means and wherein, under normal conditions, egress of an individual exiting the facility is registered by said individual enabling said individual's personal identification card to be read by said at least one first card reader means and wherein, under emergency conditions, egress of an individual exiting the facility may be registered by said individual enabling said individual's personal identification cards to be read by one of the plurality of second card reader means, wherein communication between the base computer and said portable computer and processing of ingress data and egress data received by said first card reader means and by said plurality of second card reader means allows the evacuation census of the facility to be accurately determined in real time. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said portable computer communicates with telephone transmitters and responds to information received via said telephone transmitters, such that individuals exiting the facility may register their egress by calling a predetermined emergency phone number. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the facility is an office building. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the facility is an educational facility. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the facility is a health care facility. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the facility is a residential care facility. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the facility comprises at least one vehicle. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the facility is a ship. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein said portable computer is generates printed images of schematic diagrams of the facility. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein said at least one first card reader means, said base computer, said portable computer, and said plurality of second card reader means each has an independent power supply element each of which said independent power supply elements is automatically activated under emergency conditions, including any power failure. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein said independent power supply element associated with said portable computer and with said plurality of second card reader titans each has solar power panels to recharge said independent power supply elements and said independent power supply elements for said base computer and said at least one first card reader means are charged by drip charge devices. 12. The system of claim 10 wherein said at least one first card reader means communicates directly by wireless means with said portable computer. 13. An emergency ingress/egress monitoring system for a facility comprising: a. at least one first personal recognition means, said first personal recognition means being in communication with a base computer, said base computer stores and transmitts ingress and egress census data received from said at least one first personal recognition means; and b. a plurality of second personal recognition means being located at emergency assembly areas outside of the facility and, wherein, said plurality of second personal recognition means is in wireless communication with a portable computer; c. said portable computer being located at a remote position outside of said facility and further being in communication with said base computer, wherein said portable computer processes, visually displayes, and generates printed displays of census data transmitted from said base computer wherein an individual entering the facility register said individual's ingress at said at least one first personal recognition means and, wherein, under normal conditions, said individual upon exiting the facility register said individual's egress at said at least one personal recognition means, and, wherein, under emergency conditions, said individual upon exiting the facility may register said individual's egress at one of the plurality of second personal recognition means wherein communication between said base computer and said portable computer and processing of ingress data and egress data received by said first personal recognition means and by said plurality of second personal recognition means allows evacuation census of the facility to be adjusted and evaluated in real time such that the current occupancy census includes only individuals, each of whom registered ingress to the facility and each of whom has not registered safe egress from the facility. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein the at least one first personal recognition means and the plurality of second personal recognition means comprise optical scanners. 15. The system of claim 13 wherein the at least one first personal recognition means and the plurality of second personal recognition means comprise voice recognition means. 16. The system of claim 13 wherein the at least one first personal recognition means and the plurality of second personal recognition means comprises thumb print recognition means. 