A solar collector device for mounting on the outside of a support structure and including a fluid circuit for receiving a fluid for heating by solar radiation, the device further comprising a length of connection piping connected to the fluid circuit and moveable relative to the fluid circuit while thus connected thereto from a protected position to an installation position where the distal end thereof extends to the inside of said support structure.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A solar collector device for mounting on a roof of a building, said roof including a weather-proofing membrane; wherein said solar collector device including a fluid circuit for receiving a fluid for heating by solar radiation, the solar collector device further comprising a length of connection piping connected to the fluid circuit, accessible from a side wall of the solar collector device when the solar collector device is mounted on said roof, and moveable relative to the fluid circuit while thus connected to said fluid circuit from a protected position to an installation position in which the connection piping does not extend beyond said side wall of the solar collector device and in which the distal end of said connection piping extends through said weather-proofing membrane to the inside of said building, wherein the solar collector device includes a casing which is configured to receive the connection piping in the protected position. 2. A solar collector device according to claim 1, wherein the casing houses the fluid circuit and also defines a recess for wholly receiving the connection piping in the protected position. 3. A solar collector device according to claim 2, wherein the solar collector device is in the form of a panel and the connection piping is moveable sideways out of the recess. 4. A solar collector device according to claim 2, wherein the solar collector device is in the form of a panel, and the recess is at least partially open to the rear of the panel whereby the connection piping is moveable into a working position in which it does not extend beyond the sides of the panel. 5. A solar collector device according to claim 2, wherein the casing is a moulded casing. 6. A solar collector device according to claim 2, wherein the recess is provided with a temporary covering removable to allow the connection piping to be moved from the protected position to the working position. 7. A solar collector device according to claim 6, wherein the temporary covering is removable by peeling or tearing. 8. A solar collector device according to claim 1, wherein the connection piping includes a flexible hose. 9. A solar collector device according to claim 8, wherein the connection piping also includes copper piping at the distal end of the flexible hose. 10. A method of installing a solar collector device on a roof of a building, said roof including a weather-proofing membrane, and said solar collector device including a fluid circuit for receiving a fluid for heating by solar radiation, and a length of connection piping connected to the fluid circuit, accessible from a side wall of the solar collector device and moveable relative to the fluid circuit while thus connected to the fluid circuit from a protected position to an installation position where the distal end thereof extends through said weather-proofing membrane to inside of said building, the method comprising: mounting the solar collector device on the outside of said roof with the connection piping pre-connected to the fluid circuit in the protected position before mounting the solar collector on the outside of said roof; thereafter accessing the connection piping from said side wall of the solar collector device, moving the connection piping from the protected position to the installation position in which the connection piping does not extend beyond said side wall of the panel, and in which the distal end thereof extends through said weather-proofing membrane and to the inside of said building; and then connecting the distal end of the connection piping to a source of said fluid inside said building. 