A self-contained refrigerant powered system is provided having a motor configured for receiving liquefied refrigerant and converting the liquefied refrigerant into gaseous form for powering the motor; a condenser in fluid communication with the motor for receiving gaseous refrigerant and for converting the gaseous refrigerant to liquefied form; and at least one pipe in fluid communication with the condenser and the motor for returning the liquefied refrigerant to the motor.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A non-combusting refrigerant powered system comprising: a motor configured for receiving liquefied refrigerant stored in a storage unit, the motor comprising a heating element for heating the liquefied refrigerant without igniting the liquefied refrigerant and converting the liquefied refrigerant to gaseous form for powering the motor, wherein the heating element is inside the motor and is selected from the group consisting of a sparkplug, a transformer and an electrode; a condenser in fluid communication with the motor for receiving the gaseous refrigerant and for converting the gaseous refrigerant to liquefied form; a first pipe in fluid communication with the storage unit and the motor; a metering device in proximity to the first pipe for measuring at least one parameter of the liquefied refrigerant; a notification and correction system in operative communication with the metering device for monitoring said refrigerant powered system for any errors or irregularities that inhibit the proper flow of said liquefied refrigerant and for automatically correcting any error or irregularity; a plurality of sensors for obtaining data pertaining to said liquefied refrigerant and transmitting said data to said notification and correction system; and a second pipe in fluid communication with the motor and the condenser, wherein an opening of the second pipe providing fluid communication between the second pipe and the motor is unobstructed during operation of said refrigerant powered system; wherein the refrigerant powered system is self-contained. 2. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein the motor comprises a chamber in which said liquefied refrigerant enters and heated by said heating element. 3. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein the at least one parameter is selected from the group consisting of mass flow of the refrigerant, pressure of the refrigerant, temperature of the refrigerant, and volumetric flow of the refrigerant. 4. The system as recited in claim 1, further comprising a return pump in fluid communication with the motor, wherein the return pump receives the gaseous refrigerant from the motor and directs the gaseous refrigerant to the condenser via the second pipe. 5. The system as recited in claim 1, further comprising a return pump in fluid communication with the condenser, wherein the return pump receives the liquefied refrigerant from the condenser and directs the liquefied refrigerant to the motor via a return pipe. 6. The system as recited in claim 5, wherein the return pipe comprises an oil trap for collecting oil. 7. The system as recited in claim 6, further comprising an apparatus for returning oil collected by said oil trap to the motor. 8. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system is powered by wind power. 9. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system is powered by solar power. 10. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein said system is powered by water power. 11. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein the refrigerant is selected from the group consisting of freon, butane, helium and nitrogen. 12. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein the motor comprises a piston which is moved by the gaseous refrigerant. 13. A method for operating a non-combusting refrigerant powered system, the method comprising: introducing liquefied refrigerant inside a motor; heating the liquefied refrigerant while inside the motor without igniting the liquefied refrigerant and converting it to gaseous form using a heating element inside the motor and selected from the group consisting of a sparkplug, a transformer and an electrode; powering the motor using the gaseous refrigerant; providing fluid communication between the motor and a condenser via a pipe having an opening which is unobstructed during operation of said refrigerant powered system; converting the gaseous refrigerant to liquefied form by the condenser; returning the liquefied refrigerant to the motor; monitoring said system via said plurality of sensors for any error or irregularity that inhibit the proper flow of said liquefied refrigerant; and automatically correcting the error or irregularity; wherein the refrigerant powered system is self-contained. 14. The method as recited in claim 13, wherein liquefied refrigerant is selected from a group consisting of freon, butane, helium and nitrogen. 15. The method as recited in claim 13, wherein the motor comprises a piston which is moved by the gaseous refrigerant. 16. The method as recited in claim 13, wherein said system comprises a return pump which together with the condenser and a storage unit assists in alleviating pressure problems and backflow of the liquefied refrigerant that may arise during the operation of said refrigerant powered system. 17. The method as recited in claim 13, wherein the refrigerant powered system is powered by solar power. 18. The method as recited in claim 13, wherein the refrigerant powered system is powered by wind power. 19. The method as recited in claim 13, wherein the refrigerant powered system is powered by water power. 