A two component highly portable and lightweight system for extending the transmission capabilities of Land Mobile Radio systems into areas lacking coverage due to structures, depth below the earth's surface, or varying terrain or other dead zones lacking coverage. The system utilizes the Radio over IP protocol to transfer two-way audio from one radio to another radio for re-broadcast inside a dead zone over a 900 MHz Ethernet-based point-to-point wireless link. The novel system includes RF to TCP/IP conversion and digital data transmission followed by a TCP/IP conversion to RF radio link and provides components and a method for bridging RF radio into dead zones.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A multi-radio bridge comprising: (a) a first component and a second component and a transmission means linking said first component and said second component wherein said first component and said second component are not in the same unit; (b) a first input for receiving and transmitting an RF audio signal in said first component wherein said first input has at least a two wire conductive cable; (c) a first audio to IP conversion unit in said first component wherein said first audio to IP conversion unit converts and reconverts audio to IP or IP to audio; (d) a first Non licensed ISM Band transceiver disposed in said first component; (e) a second input for receiving and transmitting an RF audio signal in said second component wherein said second input has at least a two wire conductive cable; (f) a second audio to IP conversion unit in said second component wherein said second audio to IP conversion unit converts and reconverts audio to IP or IP to audio; and (g) a second Non licensed ISM Band Transceiver disposed in said second component. 2. The multi-radio bridge of claim 1 wherein said first component or said second component includes a battery. 3. The multi-radio bridge of claim 1 wherein said first component or said second component includes a battery charger. 4. The multi-radio bridge of claim 1 wherein said first component or said second component includes a solar cell panel. 5. The multi-radio bridge of claim 1 wherein said first component or said second component includes an FCC licensed two-way radio. 6. The multi-radio bridge of claim 1 wherein said first component or said second component include an adaptor connecting said first input for receiving and transmitting the RF signal with a portable hand held two-way radio. 7. The multi-radio bridge of claim 1 wherein said first component or said second component is housed in a portable carrying case with a handle. 8. The multi-radio bridge of claim 7 wherein said housing includes an Ethernet switch having at least three ports. 9. The multi-radio bridge of claim 7 wherein said housing includes an antenna. 10. The multi-radio bridge of claim 7 wherein said housing includes a filter circuit. 11. The multi-radio bridge of claim 10 wherein said housing includes an ON-OFF switch and a battery charger. 12. The multi-radio bridge of claim 7 wherein said Ethernet switch is a 5 port switch. 13. The multi-radio bridge of claim 12 wherein said first component and said second component include the same electronic components. 14. The multi-radio bridge of claim 13 wherein said first component and said second component include a battery, a battery charger, a voltage monitor, a charge controller and a multiple switch array. 15. The multi-radio bridge of claim 14 wherein said portable case is constructed of a high polymer plastic material and is water resistant, shock proof and dust proof when closed over said electronic components. 16. The multi-radio bridge of claim 15 wherein said portable case includes a solar cell disposed on the outside of said portable case and LED indicator lights and switches. 17. The multi-radio bridge of claim 7 wherein said first component or said second component includes an FCC Licensed two-way radio. 18. A telecommunications system for bridging RF signals into a dead zone comprising: (a) a first input for transmitting and receiving an audio signal in an area of RF communications coverage wherein said first input has at least a two wire conductive cable; (b) a first device for converting and reconverting an audio signal to a TCP/IP digital packet wherein said first device receives an audio signal and converts and reconverts the audio signal into Ethernet packet data; (c) a first unlicensed ISM Band transceiver disposed in said area of RF communications coverage; (d) a second unlicensed ISM Band transceiver disposed in a dead zone said dead zone being an area where one RF radio repeater to extend coverage into an area inaccessible or poorly covered by licensed radio repeaters; (e) a second device for converting and reconverting an audio signal to a TCP/IP digital protocol disposed in said dead zone wherein said second device receives an audio signal and converts and reconverts the audio signal into Ethernet packet data; and (f) a second input for transmitting and receiving an audio signal disposed in said dead zone outside said area of RF communications coverage wherein said second input has at least a two wire conductive cable. 19. The telecommunications system of claim 18 wherein Said second input for transmitting and receiving said audio signal, said second device for converting and reconverting said audio signal and said second unlicensed ISM Band Transceiver are disposed in a portable carrying case. 20. The telecommunications system of claim 19 wherein said first input for transmitting and receiving an audio signal, said first device for converting and reconverting said audio signal and said first unlicensed ISM Band transceiver are installed in an emergency response vehicle. 21. The telecommunications system of claim 19 wherein said first input for transmitting and receiving said audio signal, said first device for converting and reconverting said audio signal and said first unlicensed ISM Band transceiver are disposed in a second portable carrying case. 22. The telecommunications system of claim 21 wherein said portable carrying case and said second portable carrying case are identical. 23. The telecommunications system of claim 22 wherein said portable carrying case includes a built-in antenna, a solar cell panel, a battery and a battery charger. 24. The telecommunications system of claim 23 wherein said portable carrying case includes a built-in FCC licensed two-way radio. 25. A portable RF to IP communications bridge component comprising: (a) a first input for receiving and transmitting an audio signal in a first unit, said first input receiving an input signal from at least a two wire conductive cable; (b) a first audio to IP conversion unit communicating with said first input said first audio to IP conversion unit receiving an audio signal from said first input and converting and reconverting the audio signal into TCP/IP packet data in said first unit; (c) a first Non licensed ISM Band transceiver in said first unit communicating with said first audio to IP conversion unit for wireless communication with a second Non Licensed ISM Band transceiver; (d) a second Non licensed ISM Band transceiver communicating with a second audio to IP conversion unit in a second unit for wireless communication with said first Non licensed ISM Band transceiver in said first unit; (e) a second input for receiving and transmitting an audio signal in said second unit, said second input receiving an input signal from at least a two wire conductive cable; and (f) an Ethernet switch having at least three ports in said first unit to connect said first audio to IP conversion unit and said first Non licensed ISM Band transceiver. 26. The portable RF to IP communications bridge of claim 25 further comprising a portable case to house electronic components. 27. The portable RF to IP communications bridge of claim 26 wherein said input for receiving and transmitting the audio signal is a two-way radio jack disposed in said portable case. 28. The portable RF to IP communications bridge of claim 27 wherein said Ethernet switch has five ports. 29. The portable RF to IP communications bridge of claim 28 wherein said portable case has a built-in antenna communicating with said first Non licensed ISM Band transceiver. 30. The portable RF to IP communications bridge of claim 28 wherein said first Non licensed ISM Band transceiver has a data rate of at least 512 kbps. 31. The portable RF to IP communications bridge of claim 28 further comprising a battery. 32. The portable RF to IP communications bridge of claim 31 further comprising a battery charger. 33. The portable RF to IP communications bridge of claim 32 further comprising a charge controller. 34. The portable RF to IP communications bridge of claim 33 further comprising a multiple switch array. 35. The portable RF to IP communications bridge of claim 34 further comprising a voltage monitor. 36. The portable RF to IP communications bridge of claim 35 further comprising a solar cell. 37. The portable RF to IP communications bridge of claim 36 further comprising LED indicator lights. 38. The portable RF to IP communications bridge of claim 37 further comprising an output power outlet. 39. The portable RF to IP communications bridge of claim 25 wherein said first Non Licensed ISM Band transceiver is a point-to-multi-point mesh transceiver. 40. A method of providing RF communications in a dead zone comprising the steps of: (a) utilizing an RF radio signal in an area having RF communications coverage by obtaining an audio signal from said RF radio signal; (b) converting or reconverting said audio signal to a TCP/IP digitized data packet; (c) transmitting or receiving said converted or reconverted TCP/IP digitized data packet from said area having RF communications coverage to a dead zone using a first unlicensed ISM transceiver wherein said steps of utilizing, converting or reconverting and transmitting or receiving are performed in a first device of a system having at least two separate devices; (d) receiving or transmitting said converted or reconverted TCP/IP digitized data packet using a second unlicensed transceiver disposed in said dead zone; (e) reconverting or converting said TCP/IP digitized data packet to an audio signal in a second device for reconverting or converting signals in said dead zone; and (f) utilizing said audio signal as reconverted or converted RF radio signals in said dead zone wherein said steps of receiving or transmitting, reconverting or converting and utilizing said audio signal are performed in a second device of a system having at least two separate devices. 41. The method of providing RF communications in a dead zone of claim 40 further comprising the step of connecting a standard two-way portable radio to said second device to accomplish the step of utilizing said reconverted or converted RF radio signals in said dead zone. 42. The method of providing RF communications in a dead zone of claim 40 further comprising the step of connecting a standard two-way portable radio to said first device to accomplish the step of utilizing a RF radio signal in an area having RF communications coverage. 43. The method of providing RF communications in a dead zone of claim 40 by utilizing a battery to power the second device in the dead zone. 44. The method of providing RF communications in a dead zone of claim 40 further comprising the step of utilizing a mesh node to extend coverage in said area having RF communications coverage. 45. The method of providing RF communications in a dead zone of claim 40 further comprising the step of housing the components in said dead zone in a portable case. 46. The method of providing RF communications in a dead zone of claim 40 wherein said first Unlicensed ISM transceiver is a point-to-multipoint mesh Unlicensed ISM transceiver. 