The disclosed invention relates to a portable decontamination unit. The invention also relates to a decontamination process. The decontamination unit may be ruggedized for use in hostile environments such as those that may be anticipated for military applications.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A self-contained transportable decontamination unit, comprising: a housing containing a decontamination chamber and a decontaminant processing section; and a military master pallet on which the housing is positioned; the decontamination chamber comprising a first entrance with a first door, the first entrance being adapted for placing articles to be decontaminated in the decontamination chamber, and an opposite second entrance with a second door, the second entrance being adapted for removing decontaminated articles from the decontamination chamber, the decontamination chamber including at least one gas inlet for admitting a decontaminant air stream into the decontamination chamber from the decontaminant processing section and at least one gas outlet for permitting a gaseous air stream to flow out of the decontamination chamber into the decontaminant processing section; the decontaminant processing section comprising a power generator and a decontaminant generator, the power generator being adapted for providing electrical operating power for the decontaminant generator, the decontaminant generator being adapted for destroying residual amounts of decontaminant in the gaseous air stream, dehumidifying the gaseous air stream, and adding decontaminant to the gaseous air stream to form the decontaminant air stream; wherein the housing and the decontamination chamber are (1) hardened to ensure that five exposures to chemical, biological, radiological or nuclear contaminants, decontaminants and decontaminating procedures over a thirty-day period do not cause the housing or decontamination chamber to require corrective maintenance during that thirty-day period; (2) constructed to withstand temperatures ranging from about -32.degree. C. to about 49.degree. C.; (3) constructed to withstand relative humidities ranging from about 5% to about 100%; and (4) constructed to operate when exposed to conventional hazards of solar radiation, rain, fungus, salt fog, sand, dust, vibration and shock; and wherein the power generator and decontaminant generator are ruggedized. 2. The decontamination unit of claim 1 wherein the decontamination chamber is adapted to permit a loading cart to enter the decontamination chamber through the first entrance, to be housed within the decontamination chamber, and to be removed from the decontamination chamber through the second entrance. 3. The decontamination unit of claim 2 wherein the decontamination unit further comprises at least one portable track mounted on a platform frame, the decontamination chamber further comprising an interior track adapted to be connected to the portable track, the loading cart being adapted for mounting on the portable track and the interior track. 4. The decontamination unit of claim 3 wherein the portable track is adapted to be connected to the interior track at the first entrance and/or the second entrance to the decontamination chamber. 5. The decontamination unit of claim 1 wherein one or more blowers are positioned in the decontamination chamber and adapted to circulate gas in the decontamination chamber. 6. The decontamination unit of claim 1 wherein the power generator comprises an internal combustion engine and an electric generator. 7. The decontamination unit of claim 1 wherein the power generator comprises an internal combustion engine, the internal combustion engine comprising a compression ignition engine or a spark ignition engine. 8. The decontamination unit of claim 1 wherein the power generator comprises an internal combustion engine, the internal combustion engine comprising a two-cycle engine, four-cycle engine, rotary engine, or gas turbine engine. 9. The decontamination unit of claim 1 wherein the power generator comprises an internal combustion engine, the internal combustion engine being adapted to be operated using diesel fuel, gasoline, petroleum gas, propane gas, natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, hydrogen gas, biofuel, or a mixture of two or more thereof. 10. The decontamination unit of claim 1 wherein the decontaminant generator comprises a catalytic converter, filter, desiccant wheel, blower, heater, vaporizer, liquid decontaminant container, and alkaline gas container. 