The present invention discloses an easy to use and cost effective air conditioner anti-theft device which easily attaches to the external portion of an air conditioner and detects a condition of attempted theft and/or vandalism of the unit and then alerts someone to the condition either through audible or other means.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An air conditioner anti-theft device comprising: a) a self-contained enclosed case having an open interior space, but which is weather and tamper resistant, to prevent disabling of the device prior to an attempted theft or vandalism; b) a means to securely mount the case to an air conditioner unit, but not directly to the condenser coils, heat exchange fin(s), or any other element of the condenser coil unit; c) a sensor contained in the case which detects an attempted theft or vandalism of the air conditioner unit; d) a means to externally communicate sensor detection of a theft and/or vandalism condition to the air conditioner unit. 2. The device of claim 1 whereby the sensor is a reed switch with one part of the switch in the case and the other portion of the switch mounted to a location not on, or within, the air conditioner unit. 3. The device of claim 1 whereby the sensor is digital movement sensing device. 4. The device of claim 1 whereby the sensor incorporates a detection means involving a bubble level. 5. The device of claim 1 whereby the means to secure the case is on the exterior of the air conditioner unit. 6. The device of claim 1 whereby the means to secure the case is on the interior of the air conditioner unit. 7. The device of claim 1 whereby the communication means and/or the sensor is powered by a battery contained in the case. 8. The device of claim 1 whereby the communication means and/or the sensor is powered by AC power connected to the case. 9. The device of claim 1 whereby the communication means and/or the sensor is powered by solar power which is stored in and/or connected to the case. 10. The device of claim 1 whereby the means to communicate sensor detection is a siren or horn contained in the case. 11. The device of claim 10 whereby the means to communicate sensor detection is a 120 db siren contained in the case. 12. The device of claim 1 whereby the means to communicate sensor detection is a siren or horn that is not contained in the case. 13. The device of claim 1 whereby the means to communicate sensor detection is a silent alarm to a remote monitoring station. 14. The device of claim 1 whereby the means to communicate sensor detection is a call to a preprogrammed telephone number. 15. The device of claim 1 whereby the means to communicate sensor detection is one or more combinations of a siren or horn, whether contained in the case or not, a silent alarm, or a call to a preprogrammed telephone number. 