A process and system are disclosed for supplying electrical energy to a device located in a room housing an imaging system (such as an MRI system, for example), wherein the room is shielded from external electromagnetic fields. Certain embodiments of the present invention provide systems and processes for emitting electromagnetic radiation in the wavelength range of the light spectrum from at least one light emission device. Embodiments of the present invention further provide a process and system for transforming the electromagnetic radiation into electrical energy using at least one transducer device located in the room, and supplying the electrical energy to the device so as to minimize interfering electromagnetic fields within the room.
Claims That which is claimed: 1. A system for providing electrical energy to a device used in connection with an imaging room, the room having shielding against electromagnetic fields, the system comprising: an electromagnetic radiation emitting component for emitting electromagnetic radiation; and a transducer located in the room for detecting the electromagnetic radiation, transforming the electromagnetic radiation into electrical energy, and directing the electrical energy to the device used in connection with the imaging room so as to supply power to the device and to minimize interfering magnetic fields in the room, the transducer comprising an optical connecting element for collecting the electromagnetic radiation, a photovoltaic element for transforming the electromagnetic radiation into electrical energy, a photodiode, a transducer controller, a monitoring switch circuit, wherein the photodiode operably connected with the photovoltaic element for monitoring a characteristic of the electromagnetic radiation and transmitting data corresponding to the monitored characteristic of the electromagnetic radiation to the transducer controller, wherein the photovoltaic element and the photodiode operably connected to the transducer controller via the monitoring switching circuit, wherein at least one control signal is transmitted from the transducer to the electromagnetic radiation emitting component, the at least one control signal partially based on detection of the electromagnetic radiation or operating characteristics of the device used in connection with the imaging room, and wherein the data corresponding to the characteristic of the electromagnetic radiation and the at least one control signal for controlling the electromagnetic radiation emitting component are transmitted from the transducer to the the electromagnetic radiation emitting component. 2. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the electromagnetic radiation emitting component comprises a laser diode. 3. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the electromagnetic radiation emitting component is configured to be capable of emitting electromagnetic radiation having a wave length substantially between about 400 nanometers and about 700 nanometers. 4. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the electromagnetic radiation emitting component is configured to be capable of emitting electromagnetic radiation having a wave length substantially within the near infrared light spectrum. 5. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the electromagnetic radiation emitting component is configured to be capable of emitting electromagnetic radiation having a wave length substantially within the far infrared light spectrum. 6. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the electromagnetic radiation emitting component is configured to be capable of emitting electromagnetic radiation having a wave length substantially within the ultraviolet light spectrum. 7. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the imaging room comprises a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) suite. 8. A system in accordance with claim 1, further comprising a transmitter fiber optic cable including a first end operably engaged with the electromagnetic radiation emitting component and a second end operably engaged with the transducer for transmitting the electromagnetic radiation to the transducer. 9. A system in accordance with claim 8, wherein the second end of the transmitter fiber-optic cable is operably engaged with the device comprising the transducer via an optical connecting element. 10. A system in accordance with claim 8, wherein the transmitter fiber optic capable is configured to be capable of transmitting a data stream including data for controlling the electromagnetic radiation emitting component. 11. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic element is selected from the group consisting of: an array of doped silicon crystals; at least one solar cell; and combinations thereof. 12. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic element is operably engaged with a planar metallic element via a heat conducting element, the planar metallic element extending beyond a planar area of the photovoltaic element so as to dissipate heat generated by the photovoltaic element when transforming the electromagnetic energy into electrical energy. 13. A system in accordance with claim 12, wherein the planar metallic element comprises a copper foil. 14. A system in accordance with claim 12, wherein the planar metallic element comprises a silver foil. 15. A system in accordance with claim 12, wherein the planar metallic element comprises a gold foil. 16. A system in accordance with claim 1 further comprising a controller fiber-optic cable operably engaged between the transducer and the electromagnetic radiation emitting component for transmitting a first control signal from the transducer to the electromagnetic radiation emitting component such that the electromagnetic radiation emitting component is at least partially controllable from inside the room. 17. A system in accordance with claim 16, further comprising a responder fiber-optic cable operably engaged between the transducer and the electromagnetic radiation emitting component for transmitting information corresponding to the characteristic of the electromagnetic radiation. 18. A system in accordance with claim 17, wherein a second control signal is transmitted from the transducer to the electromagnetic radiation emitting component via the responder fiber-optic cable, wherein the second control signal comprises an instruction to reduce an intensity of the emitted electromagnetic radiation when the transmission information indicates that the transmitter fiberoptic cable is compromised. 