A solar powered charging shelter and system and method thereof. The shelter includes a metal standing seam roof and a flush mounted metal frame. The top of the roof has a plurality of solar units that provide power to at least a plurality of retractable electrical outlets or receptacles coupled to either the bottom of the roof or the metal frame. The retractable electrical outlets or receptacles are to provide power to or charge various electrical systems.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered charging shelter for recharging an electric vehicle, comprising: a metal standing seam roof having a length and a width in plan view, the length being greater than the width; a metal frame, the metal frame including: a plurality of vertically oriented tubular metal support beams, a first set of said vertically oriented support beams being of a first height and a second set of said vertically oriented support beams being of a second height, the first height being different from the second height; and a plurality of horizontally oriented metal support beams running in a length-wise direction of said roof, wherein each said horizontally oriented metal support beam is comprised of two `C-shaped` purlins arranged in touching, face-to-face fashion such that substantially no gap exists between touch points thereof; and wherein top portions of each said horizontally oriented metal support beam are flush mounted so as to be in direct contact with the bottom of said roof and such that substantially no gap exists between the top portions and the bottom of said roof; a foundation, first ends of each said vertically oriented support beam being mechanically coupled to respective portions of said foundation; a plurality of solar panels mechanically coupled to the top of said roof, each said solar panel being mechanically coupled to said roof by a coupling element; a plurality of retractable electrical outlets mechanically coupled to bottom portions of a group of said horizontally oriented metal support beams, all of the horizontally oriented metal support beams of the group being arranged along the same or substantially the same longitudinal axis, the longitudinal axis being in the same direction as the length-wise direction of the said roof, and said electrical outlets being mechanically coupled in spaced apart relation to one another; and a power interface unit electrically coupled to said plurality of solar panels and said electrical outlets, said power interface unit being configured to receive power from said solar panels and to provide power to each of said electrical outlets, wherein said roof is at a non-horizontal angle based on the respective first and second heights of the first and second sets of said vertically oriented metal support beams. 2. The solar powered charging shelter of claim 1, wherein said roof is a two-inch thick metal standing seam roof, wherein said vertically oriented tubular metal support beams are square-shaped, wherein said foundation is a concrete foundation, and wherein said plurality of retractable electrical outlets are all of the same configuration and are retractable reels having respective cords and plugs hanging from the reel, each of said plugs being adapted to be plugged into the electrical vehicle to be recharged. 3. The solar powered charging shelter of claim 1, wherein a plan view length and a plan view width of said metal standing seam roof are long and wide enough, respectively, to cover completely nine standard size automobiles arranged side-by-side beneath said roof. 4. The solar powered charging shelter of claim 1, wherein the first and second heights of the first and second sets of said vertically oriented metal support beams are each greater than thirteen feet, six inches, and wherein a minimum overhead clearance under the entire shelter is thirteen feet, six inches. 5. The solar powered charging shelter of claim 1, wherein said power interface unit is electrically coupled to a utility grid and is further configured to provide power to the utility grid and receive power from the utility grid. 6. The solar powered charging shelter of claim 1, wherein each said solar panel it rotatable upwardly about an axis of rotation. 7. The solar powered charging shelter of claim 1, wherein the plurality of electrical outlets is at least three and the spaced apart relation of said at least three electrical outlets is such that each said electrical outlet is substantially a same distance from at least one other adjacent electrical outlet in plan view. 8. The solar powered charging shelter of claim 1, wherein the minimum power output capacity from said solar panels is greater than or equal to 16 kW. 9. The solar powered charging shelter of claim 1, wherein said power interface unit includes: a grid-tied inverter electrically coupled to said plurality of solar panels; a service panel electrically coupled to said grid-tied inverter and said plurality of electrical outlets; and a meter unit electrically coupled to said service panel, said meter unit being configured to be electrically coupled to a utility grid, wherein said plurality of retractable electrical outlets include outlets configured to handle a first voltage in the range of about 110 through about 120 VDC and outlets configured to handle a second voltage in the range of about 220 through about 240 VDC, and wherein said solar powered charging shelter further includes at least one charging controller electrically coupled between said service panel and corresponding said plurality of electrical outlets, said charging controller being configured to selectively output one of the first voltage and the second voltage based on a user-selectable input. 10. The solar powered charging shelter of claim 1, wherein the shelter is without any sidewalls. 11. The solar powered charging shelter of claim 1, wherein each said electrical outlet is configured to output a level three voltage. 12. An electric vehicle charging system including a shelter having a metal standing seam roof and a metal frame flush mounted to the roof, the electric car charging system comprising: an array of photovoltaic devices mounted on a top side of said roof; retractable electrical outlets mounted to said flush mounted frame in overhead hanging fashion, each said retractable electrical outlet including a cord and a plug adapted to be electrically coupled to an electric vehicle for recharging the electric vehicle, a first plurality of said retractable electrical outlets being operative to supply a level 2 voltage having a first value, and a second plurality of said retractable electrical outlets being operative to supply one of a level 1 voltage and a level 3 voltage having a second value, the first voltage value being different from the second voltage value; a power interface element electrically connected to said array to receive power from said array, said power interface element configured to output the voltages at the first and second values via said first plurality and said second plurality of retractable electrical outlets, respectively; and at least one controller electrically connected to said power interface element and said first plurality and said second plurality of retractable electrical outlets, the controller selectively outputting one of the voltage having the first value and the voltage having the second value via said first plurality and said second plurality of retractable electrical outlets, respectively, based on a user input. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein said at least one controller includes at least three controllers, and wherein the user input to each of said controllers includes selecting one of the voltage having the first value and the voltage having the second value and information from a personalized electronic device, the personalized electronic device being one of a magnetic card, an RFID device, and a biometric device. 14. The system of claim 12, wherein the minimum power output capacity of said plurality of retractable electrical outlets is equal to or greater than 6.8 kW. 15. The system of claim 12, wherein said metal frame does not have any sidewalls connected thereto. 16. A method of providing a canopy for recharging electric vehicles, comprising: providing a steel standing seam roof comprised of a plurality of pieces fixedly coupled together; providing a steel frame, the steel frame including: a plurality of vertically oriented support members, a first set of said vertically oriented support members being of a first height and a second set of said vertically oriented support members being of a second height, a plurality of horizontally oriented support members running in a length-wise direction of said roof, wherein top portions of each said horizontally oriented support members are flush mounted so as to be in direct contact with the bottom of said roof; providing a photovoltaic device coupled to the top of said roof; providing a plurality of retractable electrical outlets, said electrical outlets being in spaced apart relation to one another, and being configured to output an electrical characteristic to a load coupled thereto; and providing an interface unit electrically coupled to said photovoltaic device and said electrical outlets, said interface unit being configured to receive power from said photovoltaic device and to provide recharging signals to each of said electrical outlets, said interface unit being operative to provide level 2 and level 3 recharging signals, wherein said plurality of retractable electrical outlets are coupled to one of downward-facing portions of said steel frame or downward-facing portions of said steel roof, wherein said plurality of retractable electrical outlets are retractable reels having respective cords and plugs hanging from the reel, each of the cords and plugs, when not in use, hanging above an intended parking space under the canopy where an electric vehicle is to be parked for recharging, and wherein at least one retractable electrical outlet of the plurality is adapted to output the level 2 recharging signal to recharge the electric vehicle, and at least one retractable electrical outlet of said plurality is adapted to output the level 3 recharging signal to recharge the electric vehicle. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein said roof is a two-inch thick metal standing seam roof, wherein each said electrical outlet is operative to output the level 2 recharging signal and the level 3 recharging signal, and wherein the minimum power output capacity of a group of said photovoltaic devices is greater than about 6.8 kW. 18. The method of claim 16, further comprising moving one of said electrical outlets from a stowed position to a coupling position to couple said outlet to recharge the electric vehicle, wherein the stowed position is governed by a stop to prevent the reel from fully retracting the cord and so the cord and plug can hang at a desired level when not in use, and wherein the reel has a maximum extension distance, whereby the plug cannot touch any portion of a ground or a floor beneath the canopy. 19. The method of claim 16, wherein a minimum overhead clearance under the entire canopy is thirteen feet, six inches. 20. The method of claim 16, the method further comprising: providing a plurality of controllers electrically connected to said interface, each of the controllers being operative to control output of one of the level 2 recharging signal and the level 3 recharging signal for a corresponding one of said electrical outlets. 