An apparatus for supporting and aiming various solar devices. Includes a cradle assembly (70) with two tilt pivots (59) located on opposite sides for vertical adjustment, and a turntable (46) for horizontal adjustment. Both adjustments, required for aiming the device toward the sun, are accomplished simultaneously and instantly by steering a biaxial control arm (74) while sighting an aiming instrument (88). The instrument can be used for aiming the solar device either in a direct line or by using the novel aim-ahead indicia (101). An optional utility cart (140) is used for mobility. The cradle assembly locks in either a direct-fit solar device (226) or an adaptor box (110) that, in turn, latches to a standardizing interchange mount (122). The mount, along with a device mounting kit (FIG. 16D), converts various solar devices (FIGS. 2, 12B, 13, and 16E) from different manufacturers, to be utilized by the apparatus. A second embodiment (FIGS. 17A and 17B) sans tilt capability, also accepts solar devices attached to the interchange mount.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar device control apparatus with device interchangeability, said apparatus comprising: a) a turntable with a rotor channel with said rotor channel being mounted with channel legs pointed upward and mounted both slidably and rotatably to a lower fixed section of said turntable known as the stator; b) a base channel secured between two uprights with said base channel being mounted with channel legs pointed upward and interlocking with said rotor channel; c) a cradle assembly for supporting either a solar device or an adaptor box with said cradle assembly being positioned between said uprights and pivotably mounted to said uprights so that the tilt of said cradle assembly can be adjusted, with each said upright supporting a pivot tensioner handle that is individually adjustable by hand; d) a device lock-arm hingedly secured to the back of said cradle assembly with said device lock-arm provided with locking means for engaging an aperture in either said solar device or said adaptor box at a predetermined point; e) a biaxial control arm secured to a back member of said cradle assembly, either on the same plane or a parallel plane with the upper surface of said cradle assembly, and mounted such that movement of said biaxial control arm adjusts the orientation of said cradle assembly and contents thereof biaxially simultaneously; whereby said apparatus may be adjusted on both axes simultaneously by a slight urging of said biaxial control arm. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 further including an aiming instrument for aiming said apparatus with said solar device installed, said aiming instrument comprised of a piece of channel-shaped material with the channel laid over on one leg and secured to said biaxial control arm on either the same plane or a parallel plane capable of maximizing the energy gathering ability of said solar device, an orifice of predetermined size and shape machined through the upper channel leg known as a cornice and centered using predetermined dimensions, indicia for a vertical cross hair and a horizontal cross hair with the intersection thereof known as a bull's-eye, with said bull's-eye placed below said orifice on the inside surface of the lower channel leg known as an index plane. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 further including an adaptor box comprised of a body to both fit into and rise above the upper surface of said cradle assembly on a parallel plane, an aperture in said body at a predetermined location allowing the engagement of said device lock-arm, a female flange located around the top inside and outside perimeter of said body, and a plurality of latch assemblies mounted on the outside edges of said female flange at predetermined distances apart. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 further including an interchange mount comprising at least one extendable surface of predetermined width, a male flange of predetermined dimensions secured to said extendable surface, a plurality of latching protrusions secured at predetermined dimensions on opposite edges of the width of said extendable surface, and a plurality of different mounting kits to attach various said solar devices to said extendable surface of said interchange mount. 5. A solar device control apparatus with device interchangeability, said apparatus comprising: a) a turntable with a rotor channel with said rotor channel being mounted with channel legs pointed upward and mounted both slidably and rotatably to a lower fixed section of said turntable known as the stator; b) a base channel secured between two uprights with said base channel being mounted with channel legs pointed upward and interlocking with said rotor channel; c) a cradle assembly for supporting either a solar device or an adaptor box with said cradle assembly being positioned between said uprights and pivotably mounted to said uprights so that the tilt of said cradle assembly can be adjusted, with each said upright supporting a pivot tensioner handle that is individually adjustable by hand; d) a device lock-arm hingedly secured to the back of said cradle assembly with said device lock-arm provided with locking means for engaging an aperture in either said solar device or said adaptor box at a predetermined point; e) a biaxial control arm secured to a back member of said cradle assembly, either on the same plane or a parallel plane with the upper surface of said cradle assembly, and mounted such that movement of said biaxial control arm adjusts the orientation of said cradle assembly and contents thereof biaxially simultaneously; f) an aiming instrument comprised of a piece of channel-shaped material with the channel laid over on one leg and secured to said biaxial control arm on either the same plane or a parallel plane capable of maximizing the energy gathering ability of said solar device, an orifice of predetermined size and shape machined through the upper channel leg known as a cornice and centered using predetermined dimensions, indicia for a vertical cross hair and a horizontal cross hair with the intersection thereof known as a bull's-eye, with said bull's-eye placed below said orifice on the inside surface of the lower channel leg known as an index plane; whereby said apparatus with said solar device installed can be immediately aimed and adjusted on both axes by a single movement. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 further including said aiming instrument having a plurality of labeled day segment tracks located on the upper surface of said index plane at predetermined locations as points on a circular arc and lying in straight lines radiating outward from said bull's-eye, with said day segment tracks being named per each portion of the day. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 further including said aiming instrument having a plurality of labeled aim-ahead minute marks spaced at predetermined distances from said bull's-eye, and lying either in the vertical direction or as points on a circular arc on the right half of the upper surface of said index plane as viewed from the operating position. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 further including said aiming instrument having a plurality of labeled past minute marks spaced at predetermined distances from said bull's-eye and lying either in the vertical direction or as points on a circular arc on the left half of the upper surface of said index plane as viewed from the operating position. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 further including a utility cart comprised of a deck secured to a rigid underside frame having predetermined dimensions, at least two swivel casters secured to the front corners of said frame, two wheels secured to an axle mounted near the rear of said utility cart with said axle passing laterally through the members of said frame, two slotted handle stays located near the rear of said utility cart and mounted to said frame, and a removable handle that slidably engages said handle stays until contacting said deck of said utility cart. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 further including a plurality of cam-lock mechanisms secured to said deck of said utility cart and rotatably engaging said turntable by sandwiching a number of stabilizer spokes of said turntable to said deck, and a plurality of locator dowels underlying said cam-lock mechanisms and located at predetermined positions on said deck to automatically center said turntable onto said utility cart. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 further including a folding table hingedly attached to said removable handle of said utility cart, such that when folded up said folding table rests against said removable handle, and when folded down said folding table rests in a horizontal position parallel to said deck of said utility cart. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 further including an adaptor box comprised of a body to both fit into and rise above the upper surface of said cradle assembly on a parallel plane, an aperture in said body at a predetermined location allowing the engagement of said device lock-arm, a female flange located around the top inside and outside perimeter of said body, and a plurality of latch assemblies mounted on the outside edges of said female flange at predetermined distances apart. 13. The apparatus of claim 12 further including an interchange mount comprising at least one extendable surface of predetermined width, a male flange of predetermined dimensions secured to said extendable surface, a plurality of latching protrusions secured at predetermined dimensions on opposite edges of the width of said extendable surface, and a plurality of different mounting kits to attach various said solar devices to said extendable surface of said interchange mount. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein said aiming instrument has an orifice shaped like a plus sign that is turned forty-five degrees from vertical, so that the narrow vertices of said orifice are intersected by said vertical cross hair and said horizontal cross hair when placed at said intersection thereof. 