A passive radon surface flux monitor has a dome with an open base having a radial flange and a top opening where an electret can be threaded. Attached to and extending below the open base of the dome is a metal collar that supports the dome when placed on the ground. The collar holds a conductive screen against the radial flange. The conductive screen permits diffusion of gas including radon, thoron, and their daughter products into the dome. A thin paper diaphragm on the conductive screen prevents dust from entering the dome. Sealant seals the connection of the collar, screen, flange, and diaphragm to prevent lateral loss of radon. A collar is pressed partially into the ground at a suitable site and an electret is threaded into the top opening. After a time, the electret is removed and its change in voltage measured.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A passive ground surface gas flux monitor, comprising: a chamber having a known volume comprising an open base and an opening where a gas sensor can be attached, a collar connected to the open base, extending below the circumference of the open base being adapted to be pressed into the ground and that supports the chamber when placed on the ground, and a foraminous layer connected to the collar above the ground, whereby an area of ground being measured is clearly defined when the collar is pressed into the ground. 2. The passive ground surface gas flux monitor of claim 1, wherein the chamber is a dome and wherein the foraminous element comprises a conductive screen mounted between the collar and the dome, wherein the conductive screen permits diffusion of radon, thoron, and their daughter products into the dome, and wherein the collar is made of a conductive material. 3. The passive ground surface gas flux monitor of claim 2, further comprising a thin paper diaphragm adjacent the conductive screen. 4. The passive ground surface gas flux monitor of claim 3, wherein the dome further comprises a radial flange on its open base and wherein the collar holds the conductive screen against the radial flange. 5. The passive ground surface gas flux monitor of claim 4, further comprising sealant sealing the collar, flange, and peripheral edges of the screen and diaphragm. 6. The passive ground surface gas flux monitor of claim 1, wherein the gas sensor is a radon decay measuring device. 7. The passive ground surface gas flux monitor of claim 6, wherein the radon decay measuring device is an electrets in an electrets holder which is connected to the opening. 8. The passive ground surface gas flux monitor of claim 1, wherein the dome is made of reflective material or is coated or covered with reflective material to reduce a solar heating effect. 9. The passive ground surface gas flux monitor of claim 1, further comprising a maximum temperature recorder connected to the chamber. 10. A method of measuring ground surface gas flux, comprising: providing a ground surface gas flux monitor comprising a chamber of known volume, which chamber further comprises an open base and an opening remote from the base where a gas sensor can be attached, a collar extending below the circumference of the open base of the chamber, and a foraminous element supported by the collar, positioning the ground surface gas flux monitor on the ground and pressing a lower portion of the collar into the ground so that a lower portion of the collar is in the ground and an upper portion of the collar supports the dome above the ground, mounting a gas sensor in the opening, exposing the gas sensor in the chamber, and leaving the gas surface flux monitor on the ground. 11. The method of measuring ground surface gas flux of claim 10, wherein the chamber is a dome, and providing the ground surface gas flux monitor further comprises providing a spent gas sensor or a seal in the opening, further comprising waiting for equilibrium to be achieved between gas in the dome and a ground surface gas flux, removing the spent gas sensor or seal from the opening, and mounting an active gas sensor in the opening, recording the time of mounting the active gas sensor and the location of the ground surface gas flux monitor, exposing the gas sensor to an interior of the dome, removing the exposed gas sensor, recording the time of removing the exposed gas sensor, measuring the exposed element gas sensor, and recording the measurement of the gas sensor. 12. The method of measuring ground surface gas flux of claim 11, wherein the positioning the ground surface gas flux monitor and the removing the exposed gas sensor are done during daylight hours of a single day to avoid condensation within the dome. 13. The method of measuring ground surface gas flux of claim 11, further comprising inspecting and capping or encasing the exposed gas sensor after it is removed from the opening and mounting a spent gas sensor or seal in the opening. 14. The method of measuring ground surface gas flux of claim 11, further comprising inspecting the charged gas sensor after it is removed for the presence of water droplets on its surface, keeping the charged gas sensor horizontal and allowing a short period for the droplets to evaporate when such droplets are discovered. 15. The method of measuring ground surface gas flux of claim 11, further comprising measuring the temperature of the charged gas sensor and waiting for it to return to ambient air temperature before taking a final measurement of the gas sensor. 16. The method of measuring ground surface gas flux of claim 11, further comprising measuring the level of ambient atmospheric radon and the gamma background at the surface of the soil. 17. The method of measuring gas ground surface flux of claim 11, further comprising determining the difference in charge between initial and final voltage readings of the gas sensor, dividing this difference by the exposure time in hours, and using this value as a measure of surface flux. 18. The method of measuring ground surface gas flux of claim 10, wherein the providing a ground surface gas flux monitor with a foraminous element further comprises providing a conductive screen attached to the open base that permits diffusion of gas within the collar into the dome. 19. The method of measuring ground surface gas flux of claim 18, further comprising selecting a diffusion diaphragm with a predetermined diffusion constant and providing it near the conductive screen on the gas surface flux monitor. 20. The method of measuring ground surface gas flux of claim 18, wherein the providing a ground surface gas flux monitor further comprises providing a charged gas sensor in the opening, further comprising recording the time of positioning the gas surface flux monitor and the location of the gas surface flux monitor, removing the charged gas sensor, recording the time of removing the charged gas sensor, measuring the change in charge on the charged gas sensor, and recording change in the charge on the charged gas sensor. 21. The method of measuring ground surface gas flux of claim 10, wherein the positioning the ground surface gas flux monitor comprises pressing the collar into the ground. 22. The method of measuring gas ground surface flux of claim 10, further comprising forming a groove in the ground by pressing or stepping on a depth stop on which a second collar is mounted, wherein the positioning the ground surface gas flux monitor comprises placing the collar into the groove formed in the ground. 23. The method of measuring ground surface gas flux of claim 10, further comprising providing a thin paper diaphragm on the foraminous element, selecting a site for measurement to minimize presence of moisture and objects that could damage or puncture the diaphragm and removing from the site any objects that could damage or puncture the diaphragm. 24. A passive radon surface flux monitor, comprising: a hemispherical dome comprising an open base, a top threaded opening where an electret can be threaded, and a radial flange on its open base, a cylindrical metal collar connected to the open base and extending below the circumference of the open base of the dome that supports the dome when placed on the ground, a conductive screen attached to the open base, a diaphragm adjacent the conductive screen, and sealant sealing the collar, the flange, and peripheral edges of the screen and the diaphragm, wherein the collar holds the conductive screen against the radial flange, and the conductive screen permits diffusion of ground surface gas including radon, thoron, and their daughter products into the dome. 