A photovoltaic greenhouse includes a house structure having upstanding walls and a roof thereover to enclose a greenhouse space therein, and at least one thin-film solar cell module mounted on the roof for converting solar energy within a pre-selected light band of sunlight into electricity, wherein light not absorbed by the thin-film solar cell module passes through and enters the greenhouse space, which can be utilized by plants or crops for photosynthesis. The thin-film solar cell module has high transmittance of light in the wavelength intervals, for example, 400-450 nm and 640-700 nm, required by the cultured plants or crops inside the greenhouse space for photosynthesis.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic greenhouse comprising: a main greenhouse frame structure comprising a plurality of upstanding walls and a roof supported by said upstanding walls; at least one thin-film solar cell module mounted on said roof for converting solar energy by selectively absorbing a pre-selected light band of sunlight into electricity, wherein said solar energy which is selectively absorbed by said at least one thin-film solar cell module comprises a light band of sunlight to facilitate photosynthesis by a given plant; and at least one transparent panel disposed on said roof for supplementing light, for uniform distribution of light and sufficient distribution of light; wherein said thin-film solar cell module is disposed between said transparent panels. 2. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 1, wherein said thin-film solar cell module is selected from a group consisting of an amorphous silicon thin-film solar cell module, a microcrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell module and a nano-crystalline silicon thin-film solar cell module. 3. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 1, wherein said pre-selected light band of sunlight is between 450-640 nm. 4. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 1, wherein said upstanding walls are made of a material selected from a group consisting of a transparent material and an opaque material. 5. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 1, further comprising: a filter disposed under said thin-film solar cell module to make said thin-film solar cell module be light-band selective. 6. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 5, wherein said filter filters UV light only allows a suitable light band for photosynthesis to passes through. 7. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 6, wherein said thin-film solar cell module is parallel with a power grid equipped with an inverter and with a converter by at least one suitable step. 8. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 1, further comprising: a snow detector, for detecting an accumulated snow on the on the thin-film solar cell or the roof; and a de-snow mechanism, for cleaning snow on the thin-film solar cell or the roof and activated by the snow detector. 