The present invention provides a method to design, manufacture and structure a multi-component energy device having a unified structure, wherein the individual components are chosen from the list consisting of electrochemical cells, photovoltaic cells, fuel-cells, capacitors, ultracapacitors, thermoelectric, piezoelectric, microelectromechanical turbines and energy scavengers. Said components are organized into a structure to achieve an energy density, power density, voltage range, current range and lifetime range that the single components could not achieve individually, i.e. to say the individual components complement each other. The individual components form a hybrid structure, wherein the elements are in electrical, chemical and thermal conduction with each other. The electrochemical cells present multiple chemistries to accommodate a wider range of voltage and current compared to individual ones; energy-scavenging elements are utilized to collect energy and replenish it to other components within the unified structure.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for manufacturing an integrated battery and device structure, the method comprising: providing two or more stacked electrochemical cells integrated with each other formed overlying a surface of a substrate, the two or more stacked electrochemical cells comprising related two or more different electrochemistries; and performing one or more sequential deposition processes in forming one or more devices integrally with the two or more stacked electrochemical cells to form the integrated battery and device structure as a unified structure overlying the surface of the substrate; whereupon the one or more stacked electrochemical cells and the one or more devices are integrated as the unified structure using the one or more sequential deposition processes; and wherein the integrated battery and device structure is configured such that the two or more stacked electrochemical cells and one or more devices are in electrical, chemical, and thermal conduction with each other. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the one or more sequential deposition processes is one of at least evaporation, physical vapor deposition (PVD), chemical vapor deposition (CVD), low pressure chemical vapor deposition (LPCVD), electrochemical vapor deposition (EVD), electroplating, atomic layer deposition (ALD), direct laser writing (DL W), sputtering, radio frequency magnetron sputtering, microwave plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition (MPECVD), pulsed laser deposition (PLD), nanoimprint, ion implantation, laser ablation, spray deposition, spray pyrolysis, spray coating, plasma spraying, sol/gel dipping spinning or sintering. 3. A method for manufacturing an integrated battery and device structure, the method comprising: forming, using physical vapor deposition processes using one or more sequential deposition processes, two or more electrochemical cells integrated with each other overlying a surface of a substrate, the two or more electrochemical cells comprising related two or more different electrochemistries, the two or more electrochemical cells being two or more different electrochemistries in a stacked configuration; and forming one or more devices integrally with the two or more electrochemical cells to form the integrated battery and device structure overlying the surface of the substrate, wherein the integrated battery and device structure is configured such that the two or more electrochemical cells and one or more devices are in electrical, chemical, and thermal conduction with each other; wherein the one or more electrochemical cells and the one or more devices are integrated as a unified structure using the one or more sequential deposition processes that forms the unified structure; wherein the two or more electrochemical cells are configured as the stack in series and/or in parallel. 4. The method of claim 3 further comprising a separation region configured for heat transfer provided between the two or more electrochemical cells. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein the separation region configured for thermal transfer is formed from at least diamond (C), poly-diamond (poly-C), alumina, boron nitride, aluminum nitride, or silicon carbide. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the two or more electrochemistries selected from at least lithium (Li), lithium-ion, lithium-metal-polymer (LiM-polymer), lithium (Li)-air, lead (Pb)-acid, nickel metal hydrate (Ni/MH), nickel-zinc (Ni/Zn), zinc (Zn)-air, molten salts (Na/NiCl.sub.2), zebra (NaAlCl.sub.4), nickel-cadmium (Ni/Cd), silver-zinc (Ag/Zn). 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the device comprise a microelectromechanical system (MEMS) sensing element. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein the device comprises one or more fuel-cells. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein the device comprises one or more photovoltaics. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein the device comprises one or more capacitors. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein the device comprise one or more ultracapacitors. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein the device comprises a hybrid combination of units selected from the group consisting of electrochemical cells, fuel-cells, photovoltaic cells, capacitors, ultracapacitors, piezoelectric, thermo-electric, microelectromechanical turbines and energy scavengers. 13. The method of claim 1 further comprising a monitoring device consisting of a data BUS in logic contact and communication with the one or more devices and a central computing and processing unit (CPU), the CPU having control over one or more individual elements. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein the monitoring device is configured to detect temperature T. 15. The method of claim 13 wherein the monitoring device is configured to detect stress within one or more components. 16. The method of claim 13 wherein the monitoring device is configured to detect gas and gaseous reaction by products from operation at least either the one or more electrochemical cells or one or more devices. 17. The method of claim 13 wherein the monitoring device is configured to detect lithium composition and a transition through an anode and a cathode separation layer. 18. The method of claim 1 further comprising one or more monitoring devices to maintain a safe operation of the two or more electrochemical cells or the one or more devices. 19. The method of claim 1 further comprising a cooling system consisting of liquid coolant or liquefied gases activated if temperature rises above a set threshold, the cooling system being in thermal contact with heat sinks designed to remove thermal energy using one or more conducting paths. 20. The method of claim 1 wherein the two or more electrochemical cells is configured using hybrid principles applied to optimize device architecture, schedule, energy and power density along with rechargeability and lifetime. 