A system and method for automatically calibrating the aiming direction of a camera onboard a vehicle. The method uses GPS and solar almanac data to estimate the location of the sun relative to the vehicle, and compares this to the solar position in an image from the camera. The comparison is performed with an ongoing recursive calculation which yields an improved estimate of the sun position relative to the vehicle, while simultaneously calibrating the aiming direction of the camera. The aiming calibration data is used to improve the accuracy of the camera's images as used for all of the camera's other functions.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for calibrating an aiming direction of a camera, said method comprising: mounting a global positioning system receiver to a mobile platform, said mobile platform having a true straight-ahead direction; mounting the camera to the mobile platform; using data from the global positioning system receiver and a solar almanac database to create a first estimate of the position of the sun relative to the mobile platform; analyzing an image from the camera to create a second estimate of the position of the sun relative to the mobile platform; using the first and second estimates of the position of the sun relative to the mobile platform in an ongoing recursive calculation which yields a pitch angle and an azimuth angle of misalignment between the camera's aiming direction and the mobile platform's true straight-ahead direction, and using an improved estimate of the position of the sun relative to the mobile platform from the recursive calculation to control the position of a sun blocker. 2. The method according to claim 1 wherein the ongoing recursive calculation uses a Kalman filtering algorithm. 3. The method according to claim 1 wherein the mobile platform is a vehicle. 4. The method according to claim 1 wherein the camera is a forward-looking camera. 5. The method according to claim 1 further comprising using angles of misalignment between the camera's aiming direction and the mobile platform's true straight-ahead direction as calibration input for other functions of the camera. 6. A system for calibrating an aiming direction of a camera relative to a mobile platform, said system comprising: a Global Positioning System receiver mounted to the mobile platform, said mobile platform having a true straight-ahead direction; a first solar position estimator module which uses data from the Global Positioning System receiver and a solar almanac database to create a first estimate of the position of the sun relative to the mobile platform; a second solar position estimator module which analyzes an image from the camera to create a second estimate of the position of the sun relative to the mobile platform; a fusion module which uses the first and second estimates of the position of the sun relative to the mobile platform in an ongoing recursive calculation which yields a pitch angle and an azimuth angle of misalignment between the camera's aiming direction and the mobile platform's true straight-ahead direction; and a controller for positioning a sun blocker in response to an improved estimate of the position of the sun relative to the mobile platform from the fusion module. 7. The system according to claim 6 wherein the ongoing recursive calculation in the fusion module uses a Kalman filtering algorithm. 8. The system according to claim 6 wherein the mobile platform is a vehicle. 9. The system according to claim 6 wherein the camera is a forward-looking camera. 10. The system according to claim 6 further comprising a calibration data module for storing the angles of misalignment between the camera's aiming direction and the mobile platform's true straight-ahead direction and making the angles of misalignment available as a calibration input for other functions of the camera. 11. A self-calibrating system for a forward-looking camera on a vehicle, said system comprising: a Global Positioning System receiver mounted to the vehicle, said vehicle having a true straight-ahead direction and said camera having an aiming direction; a first solar position estimator module which uses data from the Global Positioning System receiver and a solar almanac database to create a first estimate of the position of the sun relative to the vehicle; a second solar position estimator module which analyzes an image from the camera to create a second estimate of the position of the sun relative to the vehicle; a fusion module which uses the first and second estimates of the position of the sun relative to the vehicle in an ongoing recursive calculation which yields a pitch angle and an azimuth angle of misalignment between the camera's aiming direction and the vehicle's true straight-ahead direction; a calibration data module for storing the angles of misalignment between the camera's aiming direction and the vehicle's true straight-ahead direction and making the angles of misalignment available as a calibration input to other functions of the camera; and a controller for positioning a sun blocker in response to an improved estimate of the position of the sun relative to the vehicle from the fusion module. 12. The self-calibrating system according to claim 11 wherein the fusion module uses a Kalman filtering algorithm for the ongoing recursive calculation. 13. The self-calibrating system according to claim 11 wherein the camera's other functions include lane departure warning and collision detection. 