A system for surrogate control of a space that incurs an ineffective sensor connection with its controller for running environmental conditioning equipment to maintain the space at one or more certain environmental parameters such as temperature. A selection of a surrogate space from which the surrogate control is obtained, may be made by correlation of data over time and specifications of other spaces in a building complex. The surrogate control may be from the controller of the space selected for control of the space having the ineffective sensor connection. The surrogate space may be a construct of one or more spaces. It may be based on a virtual space that combines behaviors of other spaces for a good match. Diagnostics may be effected from information about spaces in the system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for establishing surrogate control, comprising: discovering a lack of connectivity by one or more sensors of a first room with a controller for environmental conditioning equipment for the first room; and selecting a second room to be a surrogate room for the first room; wherein a controller of the second room is connected to the environmental conditioning equipment or controller for the first room; wherein the selecting a second room includes selecting the second room from a group of rooms according to one or more criteria comprising room temperature, airflow, actuator openings, outside air temperature, date and time of day, solar loading, heating/cooling demand, BTU in/out, temperature in air ducts, VAV size, air duct capacity, and/or area and volume of the room. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the one or more criteria comprise a trend log of behavior of an environment of a room. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising correlating one or more criteria of potential second rooms of a group of rooms, with one or more criteria of the first room, for the selecting of the second room to be the surrogate room for the first room. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising selecting the second room from a group of rooms, according to temperature variation analyses of the rooms. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising analyzing temperature differentials between the second room selected as a surrogate room and the first room, before and/or after connectivity of sensors of the first room is reestablished, for future selecting a second room to be a surrogate room for the first room. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein a temperature of the first room is to be kept within several degrees F of a temperature of the surrogate room. 7. A method for diagnostics comprising: providing a space having sensors connected to a controller for environmental conditioning equipment having one or more criteria; providing other spaces having sensors connected to a controller for environmental conditioning equipment; comparing one or more criteria of the space with one or more criteria of the other spaces; and noting divergences among one or more criteria of the spaces; and wherein: a divergence of the one or more criteria of one space from the one or more criteria of other spaces is indicative that the one space may have a problem or service need; and a divergence of the one or more criteria of two or more spaces from the one or more criteria of the other spaces is indicative that the two or more spaces have a common problem or service need. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the one or more criteria comprise space temperature, airflow, actuator openings, outside air temperature, date and time of day, solar loading, heating/cooling demand, BTU in/out, temperature in air ducts, VAV size, air duct capacity, area and volume of the space, and/or one or more other criteria. 9. A surrogate-based controls system comprising: a building comprising two or more rooms; and wherein: a first room of the two or more rooms is associated with at least one other room of the one or more rooms, which is selected as a surrogate for the first room; and a controller of the surrogate is available for connection to an environmental conditioning equipment or controller of the first room, in case of a connectivity discrepancy of one or more sensors with the controller for the first room. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the surrogate is selected on a basis of a comparing a history of environmental metrics with a history of environmental metrics of the first room. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the history of environmental metrics comprises that of room temperature, air flow, actuator openings, outside air temperature, solar loading, air duct temperature, date and time of day, cooling/heating demand, BTU going into a room, BTU leaving a room, air duct capacity, VAV size, area and volume of a room, and/or other items. 12. The system of claim 10, further comprising: a processing module connected to a controller of each of at least two of the two or more rooms; and wherein the processor module is for comparing the history of environmental metrics of the first room with histories of environmental metrics of the other of the two or more rooms to determine a room of the other two or more rooms which is most similar or nearly most similar to the first room and thus to be designated as the surrogate for the first room. 13. The system of claim 9, wherein each of at least two of the two or more rooms has at least another room of the two or more rooms to be designated as a surrogate for the respective room. 14. The system of claim 10, wherein: a comparing of histories of environmental metrics of the rooms for designating a room as a surrogate for another room is generally continuous; and a room designated as a surrogate for another room is configured to be capable of changing from time to time as the history of environmental metrics changes for each of at least two the two or more rooms. 15. A room environmental control system comprising: two or more rooms; and a processor module; and wherein: each of at least two of the two or more rooms comprises: one or more environmental sensors; an environmental conditioner; and a controller connected to the one or more environmental sensors, the environmental conditioner, and the processor module; the processor module is for detecting when a controller receives inadequate or no signals from its respective one or more environmental sensors, recording data from the one or more environmental sensors, correlating the data and/or environmental information from the one or more environmental sensors of each room, and selecting a surrogate room based on the correlated data and/or environmental information for a certain room having a controller receiving inadequate or no signals from its respective one or more environmental sensors. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the processor module is for connecting the controller of the surrogate room to the environmental conditioner or controller of the certain room. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the controller of the surrogate room is for providing environmental control of the certain room according to an environmental setting or settings of the controller for the surrogate room via the environmental conditioner or controller of the certain room. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein the data and/or environmental information comprises room temperature, airflow, actuator openings, outside air temperature, date and time of day, solar loading, heating/cooling demand, BTU in/out, temperature of air ducts, VAV size, air duct capacity, area and volume of the room, and/or one or more other data and/or information. 19. The system of claim 16, wherein the processor module is for correlating data and/or environmental information about each of at least two rooms of the two or more rooms as a rolling historical report over a selected period of time from past to present. 20. The system of claim 16, wherein: the surrogate room is constructed from multiple rooms; and/or the surrogate room is a virtual room which combines certain behaviors of other rooms to achieve a correlation of data and/or environmental information with that of one or more other rooms. 21. The system of claim 16, wherein: the processor module is for continually monitoring one or more surrogates to identify potential service issues; and/or the processor module is for comparing surrogate behavior figures of merit for differing times of the year and solar loading characteristics for determining whether surrogate equipment for providing environmental control or conditioning are behaving in line with their historic behavior. 22. A method for establishing similar environmental control behaviors, comprising: correlating performance of a first room and a second room; and wherein: the correlating involves one or more factors; the factors comprise energy demand, thermal performance, solar loaded rooms, source of heating, source of cooling, outside air, time of day, date, occupancy pattern, override temperature requests, humidity; the correlating leads to a figure of merit for establishing a best fit primary surrogate; and the correlating identifies at least one secondary surrogate in the event that the primary surrogate is in a failure mode making sensor data unavailable. 