The method for forming the optimal characteristic curve of a solar cell comprises the steps of: providing a first acceptable error; and determining a current-voltage polynomial regression equation, whose square root of the residual sum of square is less than the first acceptable error for a set of solar cell measured data. The order of the current-voltage polynomial regression equation is gradually increased until the square root of the residual sum of square of the current-voltage polynomial regression equation is less than the first acceptable error.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A computer implemented method for forming an optimal characteristic curve of a solar cell, comprising the steps of: providing a first allowable error to a computer system; determining a current-voltage polynomial regression equation in accordance with measured data of the solar cell using the computer system, wherein the order of the current-voltage polynomial regression equation is increased when a curve-fitting error of the current-voltage polynomial regression equation is smaller than the first allowable error; calculating characteristic parameters including open voltage and short current in accordance with the current-voltage polynomial regression equation using the computer system; determining a power-voltage polynomial regression equation in accordance with the current-voltage polynomial regression equation using the computer system; and determining a maximal power voltage, maximal power and maximal power current in accordance with the power-voltage polynomial regression equation using the computer system. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the power of the current-voltage polynomial regression equation is smaller than 20. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the determining step includes a step of selecting a current-voltage polynomial regression equation with a minimal curve-fitting error from all calculated current-voltage polynomial regression equations. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising the steps of: utilizing the characteristic parameters to conduct a dimensionless analysis on the measured data of the solar cell; providing a second allowable error; determining a dimensionless current-voltage polynomial regression equation in accordance with the result of the dimensionless analysis, wherein the curve-fitting error of the dimensionless current-voltage polynomial regression equation is smaller than the second allowable error; and utilizing the dimensionless current-voltage polynomial regression equation to calculate temperature parameters. 5. The method of claim 4, further comprising the steps of: finding two sets of data related to short current and voltage corresponding to the short current at different illumination conditions; and calculating an internal equivalent in-series resistance. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising the steps of: utilizing the temperature parameters and internal equivalent in-series resistance to transform the measured data and/or characteristic parameters of the solar cell into a standard test condition. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising the steps of: finding two sets of data related to short current and voltage corresponding to the short current at different illumination conditions; and calculating an internal equivalent in-series resistance. 8. A non-transitory computer readable medium encoded with instructions that, when executed by a computer system, performs a method for forming an optimal characteristic curve of a solar cell, comprising the steps of: providing a first allowable error to the computer system; determining a current-voltage polynomial regression equation in accordance with measured data of the solar cell using the computer system, wherein the order of the current-voltage polynomial regression equation is increased when a curve-fitting error of the current-voltage polynomial regression equation is smaller than the first allowable error; calculating characteristic parameters including open voltage and short current using the computer system; estimating a power-voltage polynomial regression equation using the computer system; and estimating maximal power voltage, maximal power and maximal power current using the computer system. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising the steps of: utilizing the characteristic parameters to conduct a dimensionless analysis on the measured data of the solar cell; providing a second allowable error; determining a dimensionless current-voltage polynomial regression equation in accordance with the result of the dimensionless analysis, wherein the curve-fitting error of the dimensionless current-voltage polynomial regression equation is smaller than the second allowable error; and utilizing the dimensionless current-voltage polynomial regression equation to calculate temperature parameters. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising the steps of: finding two sets of data related to short current and voltage corresponding to the short current at different illumination conditions; and calculating an internal equivalent in-series resistance. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising the steps of: utilizing the temperature parameters and internal equivalent in-series resistance to transform the measured data and/or characteristic parameters of the solar cells into a standard test condition. 12. A system of forming an optimal characteristic curve of a solar cell, comprising: a memory unit, wherein the memory unit comprising; a current-voltage polynomial regression module configured to determine polynomial regression equations with errors smaller than an allowable error in accordance with measured data of the solar cell; a characteristic parameter calculation module configured to calculate characteristic parameters including open voltage and short current in accordance with the current-voltage polynomial regression equations; a temperature coefficient calculation module configured to calculate temperature coefficients on the basis of the relationship of dimensionless characteristic parameters and temperature as well as illumination, wherein the dimensionless characteristic parameters are determined by conducting a dimensionless analysis on the measured data of the solar cell in accordance with the characteristic parameters; an internal in-series resistance calculation module configured to calculate internal in-series resistance in accordance with the short current and voltage corresponding to the short current at different illumination conditions; and a characteristic parameter transformation module configured to transform the measured data and/or characteristic parameters of the solar cell into a standard test condition. 13. The system of claim 12, further comprising; the memory unit configured to store data of the current-voltage polynomial regression module, characteristic parameter calculation module, temperature coefficient calculation module, internal in-series resistance calculation module and characteristic parameter transformation module; and a processing module coupled to the memory unit for executing instructions; Authorization for this examiner's amendment was given in a telephone interview with Mr. Anthony King on Apr. 24, 2012. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the memory unit includes volatile memory and non-volatile memory. 15. The system of claim 13, wherein the processing unit is a micro-controller or a microprocessor. 16. The system of claim 12, further comprising an output device selected from one of a monitor and a printer. 17. The system of claim 12, further comprising an input device for storing measured data of the solar cell. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the input device is a hard disk, optical storage device or a register. 