A portable pressurized solar shower which is mounted on the roof of a vehicle using roof rack mounting hardware. The vessel is an elongated shape such as a pipe (20), which is capped on both ends (32) (33). It can be filled by removing a fill cap (36) on top. Water can be sprayed out using an attached hose (60) and nozzle (70). Part of the vessel is a clear tube (41). Sunlight comes through a clear tube and heats a black surface (42) inside of the tube which heats the water. The vessel can be pressurized by a hand air pump via a valve stem (39) installed on the vessel. Privacy while showering is afforded by an attached shower curtain (86) that is easy to set up by using the easy to adjust curtain frame (80).
Claims I claim: 1. A car top solar shower which mounts to an existing vehicle top luggage rack's crossbars, which remains securely in place and can heat water while the car is in motion comprising: An elongated vessel which is a rigid sealed tube capable of holding water wherein a section of the sealed tube is clear which allows sunlight to shine through, and contains a dark material on the inside bottom surface in order to absorb the sunlight to heat the water; An elongated u-shaped rigid open ended trough to which the vessel is attached parallel to a longitudinal axis of the trough; A means to attach the trough to the crossbars of vehicle luggage rack; the trough is longitudinally oriented to the vehicle in order to reduce wind resistance. 2. The solar shower of claim 1, comprising a fill cap is used for filling the vessel and a hose for dispensing the liquid from the vessel on the vehicle. 3. The solar shower of claim 1, comprising a valve stem for pressurizing the vessel and a pressure relief valve to prevent a rupture of the vessel. 4. The solar shower of claim 1, wherein the trough has a pair of holes in the side of the trough located near both ends to admit a band clamp through the holes and around the vessel in order to clamp the vessel tight to the trough; wherein said trough includes a slot on the underside of the trough. 5. The solar shower of claim 4, wherein the means include a mounting bolt having a bolt head which slides within the slot at the end of the trough; threads of the bolt that extend below the trough and through an elastic clamp bracket; the clamp bracket includes a wall defining bore which wraps around the crossbar of the vehicle crossbars; the clamp is split to form an upper plate and lower plate which are drilled to receive the mounting bolt; a nut is adapted for threaded engagement with the bolt; when tightened the plates are drawn together and firmly grasp the crossbar of the vehicle rack. 6. The solar shower of claim 1, wherein the trough is attached firmly to the vessel wherein said trough includes a slot on the underside of the trough. 