A roof mounting system can include a roof substrate and flashing supportable on the substrate and including an outwardly extending projection having a concave interior side and an aperture extending through the projection between top and bottom surfaces of the flashing. A seal can extend through the aperture and contact at least a portion of the top surface and at least a portion of the bottom surface. The seal can be conformable with the concave interior side and can define a seal aperture substantially aligned with the flashing aperture. A mounting bracket can be supportable on the flashing and can define an aperture sized to receive at least a portion of each of the seal and the projection. A fastener can extend through the mounting bracket aperture, seal aperture, and flashing aperture to inhibit fluid flow through the flashing aperture.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A roof mounting system comprising: a roof substrate; a base member supportable on the roof substrate, the base member defining a first surface positioned substantially adjacent the roof substrate and a second surface spaced from the roof substrate, the base member defining a surface area, the base member including a frustoconical protrusion extending away from the roof substrate along an axis, the first surface forming a frustoconical recess and the second surface forming the frustoconical protrusion, the base member defining a first aperture extending along the axis from the first surface to the second surface, the first aperture substantially centrally positioned in the frustoconical protrusion; a flexible membrane coupled to the roof substrate and coupled to the base member, the flexible membrane positioned substantially adjacent the base member second surface, the flexible membrane defining a surface area, wherein the flexible membrane surface area is greater than the surface area of the base member, the flexible membrane is deformable to substantially conform to the frustoconical protrusion of the base member, the flexible membrane defining a second aperture extending therethrough, the second aperture being substantially aligned with the first aperture, such that the second aperture extends along the axis; a bracket coupled to the flexible membrane, the bracket defining a first surface spaced from the flexible membrane and a second surface positioned substantially adjacent the flexible membrane, the bracket defining an aperture extending from the first surface to the second surface, the frustoconical protrusion extending at least partially into the bracket aperture, and the flexible membrane being deformed by the frustoconical protrusion, such that the flexible membrane extends into the bracket aperture, the bracket being operable to support a roof-mounted assembly, the bracket aperture being substantially aligned with the first aperture and the second aperture, such the bracket aperture extends along the axis; and a first fastener defining a longitudinal axis, wherein the longitudinal axis is oriented along the axis, the first fastener extending through the first aperture, the second aperture and the bracket aperture to couple the base member to the flexible membrane and to the bracket, wherein the base member, the flexible membrane and the bracket are coupled to the roof substrate by at least one of the first fastener and a second fastener, wherein the flexible membrane is at least partially compressed to form a substantially water-tight seal between the base member and the bracket. 2. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the first fastener is a bolt that extends through the base member aperture, the flexible membrane aperture and the bracket aperture. 3. The roof mounting system of claim 2, wherein the bolt further extends through the roof substrate. 4. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the bracket aperture defines a first aperture diameter at the first surface and a second aperture diameter at the second surface, wherein the second aperture diameter is greater than the first aperture diameter, such that the bracket aperture is tapered. 5. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the base member, the flexible membrane and the bracket are coupled to the roof by the second fastener. 6. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the base member is substantially circular and wherein the frustoconical protrusion is substantially centrally located on the circular base member. 7. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the fastener urges the membrane to deform to the contour of the frustoconical protrusion. 8. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the bracket defines a surface area, wherein the surface area of the bracket is less than the surface area of the flexible membrane. 9. A method of mounting a solar panel to a roof, the method comprising: positioning a base member on a roof substrate; positioning a flexible membrane over the base member on the roof substrate; deforming the flexible membrane across a frustoconical protrusion of the base member; positioning a bracket on the deformed flexible membrane; aligning a bracket aperture with a base member aperture; inserting a fastener through the bracket aperture, the flexible membrane and the base member aperture, such that the fastener extends above the roof to permit mounting of a solar panel to the roof; tightening the fastener to compress the flexible membrane between the base member and the bracket; securing the base member, the flexible membrane and the bracket to the roof substrate; and securing the solar panel to one of the bracket and the fastener. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein securing the base member, the flexible membrane and the bracket to the roof substrate includes inserting the fastener into the roof substrate. 11. The method of claim 9, further comprising forming a seal between the base member and the bracket with the flexible membrane by compressing the flexible membrane between the base member and the bracket while tightening the fastener. 12. A roof mounting system comprising: a roof substrate; a flashing defining a first surface adjacent the roof substrate and a second surface spaced from the roof substrate, the flashing including a frustoconical protrusion extending away from the roof substrate, the flashing defining a substantially constant thickness, such that the first surface forms a frustoconical recess and the second surface forms the frustoconical protrusion, the flashing defines a first aperture extending along an axis from the first surface to the second surface, the first aperture being substantially centrally positioned in the frustoconical protrusion; a flexible membrane coupled to the roof substrate and coupled to the flashing, the flexible membrane positioned substantially adjacent the flashing second surface, the flexible membrane is deformable to substantially conform to the frustoconical protrusion of the flashing, the flexible membrane defining a second aperture extending therethrough, the second aperture is substantially aligned with the first aperture, such that the second aperture extends along the axis; a bracket coupled to the flexible membrane and to the flashing, the bracket defining a first surface spaced from the flexible membrane and a second surface adjacent the flexible membrane, the bracket defining an aperture extending from the first surface to the second surface, the frustoconical protrusion extending at least partially into the bracket aperture, and the flexible membrane being deformed by the frustoconical protrusion, such that the flexible membrane extends into the bracket aperture, the bracket being operable to support a roof- mounted assembly, the bracket aperture being substantially aligned with the first aperture and the second aperture, such that the bracket aperture extends along the axis; and a fastener defining a longitudinal axis, wherein the longitudinal axis is oriented along the axis, the fastener extending through the first aperture, the second aperture and the bracket aperture to couple the flashing to the flexible membrane and to the bracket, wherein the flashing, the flexible membrane and the bracket are coupled to the roof substrate by at least one of the fastener and a second fastener, wherein the flexible membrane is at least partially compressed to form a substantially water-tight seal between the flashing and the bracket. 13. The roof mounting system of claim 12, wherein the fastener is a bolt extending through the flashing aperture, the flexible membrane and the bracket aperture. 14. The roof mounting system of claim 12, wherein the bolt further extends through the roof substrate. 15. The roof mounting system of claim 12, wherein the bracket aperture defines a first aperture diameter at the first surface and a second aperture diameter at the second surface, wherein the second aperture diameter is greater than the first aperture diameter, such that the bracket aperture is tapered. 16. The roof mounting system of claim 12, wherein the flashing defines a surface area and the flexible membrane defines a surface area, wherein the flashing surface area is greater than the flexible membrane surface area. 17. The roof mounting system of claim 12, wherein the membrane is substantially circular and defines a diameter, and wherein the membrane diameter is greater than the first aperture diameter and greater than the second aperture diameter. 18. The roof mounting system of claim 12, wherein the fastener urges the membrane to deform to the contour of the frustoconical protrusion. 19. A method of mounting a roof mountable fixture to a roof, the method comprising: positioning a flashing on a roof substrate; positioning a flexible membrane on the flashing; positioning a bracket on the flexible membrane and the flashing, such that the flexible membrane covers a bracket aperture; aligning the bracket aperture with a flashing aperture, wherein the flashing aperture extends through a frustoconical protrusion; inserting the frustoconical protrusion of the flashing into the bracket aperture; deforming the flexible membrane over the frustoconical protrusion of the flashing, such that the flexible membrane at least partially abuts the bracket aperture; inserting a fastener through the bracket aperture, the flexible membrane and the flashing aperture; tightening the fastener to compress the flexible membrane between the flashing and the bracket; securing the flashing, the flexible membrane and the bracket to the roof substrate; and securing the roof mountable fixture to the bracket. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein securing the flashing, the flexible membrane and the bracket to the roof substrate includes inserting the fastener into the roof substrate. 21. The method of claim 19, further comprising forming a seal between the flashing and the bracket with the flexible membrane by compressing the flexible membrane between the flashing and the bracket while tightening the fastener. 22. A roof mounting system comprising: a roof substrate; a flashing defining a first surface adjacent the roof substrate and a second surface spaced from the roof substrate, the flashing defines a flashing aperture extending along an axis from the first surface to the second surface; a bracket coupled to the flashing, the bracket defining a first surface spaced from the flashing and a second surface adjacent the flashing, the bracket defining a bracket aperture extending from the first surface to the second surface, the aperture defining a height between the first surface and the second surface, the bracket being operable to support a roof-mounted assembly, the bracket aperture being substantially aligned with the flashing aperture, such the bracket aperture extends along the axis; a seal coupled to the flashing adjacent the flashing aperture, the seal defining a seal aperture extending therethrough, the seal aperture being substantially aligned with the flashing aperture and the bracket aperture, such that the seal aperture extends along the axis, the seal defining a first surface adjacent the flashing and a second surface adjacent the bracket, the seal abutting the flashing adjacent the first surface, such that the seal forms a substantially water-tight seal with the flashing, the seal abutting the bracket aperture adjacent the second surface of the seal, such that the seal forms a substantially water-tight seal with the bracket aperture; and a fastener defining a longitudinal axis, wherein the longitudinal axis is oriented along the axis, the fastener extending through the flashing aperture, the seal aperture and the bracket aperture to couple the flashing to the seal and to the bracket, wherein the flashing, the flexible membrane and the bracket are coupled to the roof substrate by at least one of the fastener and a second fastener, and wherein the seal is at least partially compressed into the bracket aperture to form a substantially water-tight seal between the flashing and the bracket. 23. The roof mounting system of claim 22, wherein the flashing including a frustoconical protrusion extending away from the roof substrate, such that the first surface forms a frustoconical recess and the second surface forms the frustoconical protrusion, wherein the flashing aperture is substantially centrally positioned in the frustoconical protrusion. 24. The roof mounting system of claim 23, wherein the bracket aperture defines a first aperture diameter at the first surface and a second aperture diameter at the second surface, and wherein the second aperture diameter is greater than the first aperture diameter, such that the bracket aperture is tapered. 25. The roof mounting system of claim 23, wherein the fastener urges the seal to deform to the contour of the frustoconical protrusion, and wherein the seal abuts the tapered bracket aperture over a length, wherein the length is greater than the height of the bracket aperture. 26. The roof mounting system of claim 23, wherein the frustoconical protrusion extends at least partially into the tapered aperture, and wherein the seal is compressed between the frustoconical protrusion and the tapered aperture. 27. The roof mounting system of claim 23, wherein the second surface of the seal is substantially circular and defines a diameter, and wherein the seal second surface diameter is greater than the bracket first aperture diameter and greater than the bracket second aperture diameter. 28. The roof mounting system of claim 22, wherein the flashing defines a surface area and the first surface of the seal defines a surface area, wherein the flashing surface area is greater than the surface area of the first surface of the seal. 29. The roof mounting system of claim 22, wherein the fastener is a bolt extending through the flashing aperture, the seal aperture and the bracket aperture. 30. The roof mounting system of claim 29, wherein the bolt further extends through the roof substrate. 31. A method of mounting a roof mountable fixture to a roof, the method comprising: positioning a flashing on a roof substrate; positioning a seal on the flashing; aligning a flashing aperture with a seal aperture; positioning a bracket on the seal and the flashing; aligning a bracket aperture with the flashing aperture and the seal aperture; abutting the seal against the bracket aperture; inserting a fastener through the bracket aperture, the seal and the flashing aperture; tightening the fastener to compress the seal between the flashing and the bracket and into the bracket aperture; securing the flashing, the flexible membrane and the bracket to the roof substrate; securing the roof mountable fixture to the bracket; and wherein the flashing aperture defines a frustoconical protrusion, such that upon tightening the fastener, the frustoconical protrusion urges the seal into the bracket aperture. 32. The method of claim 31, wherein securing the flashing, the seal and the bracket to the roof substrate includes inserting the fastener into the roof substrate. 33. The method of claim 31, further comprising forming a seal between the flashing and the bracket with the seal by compressing the seal between the flashing and the bracket while tightening the fastener. 34. A roof mounting system comprising: a roof substrate; a flashing having a top surface, a bottom surface and an upwardly extending frustoconical projection; a first seal portion defining an aperture and at least partially contacting the top surface of the flashing adjacent the upwardly extending frustoconical projection, the first seal portion conforming to the upwardly extending frustoconical projection; a second seal portion at least partially contacting the bottom surface of the flashing adjacent the upwardly extending frustoconical projection, the second seal portion; a fastener coupled to the upwardly extending frustoconical projection, the fastener extending through the aperture in the first seal portion; and a bracket defining an aperture sized to receive the fastener therethrough, the bracket operable to support at least one roof-mounted fixture, wherein the bracket urges the first seal portion to conform to the upwardly extending frustoconical projection, and wherein the first seal portion forms a seal between the bracket aperture and the fastener. 35. The roof mounting system of claim 34, wherein the first seal portion and the second seal portion are joined as a single unitary component. 36. The roof mounting system of claim 34, wherein the bracket aperture is tapered to define a substantially frustoconical recess, wherein the frustoconical recess at least partially receives the frustoconical protrusion. 37. The roof mounting system of claim 34, wherein the first seal portion is compressed between the frustoconical protrusion and the frustoconical recess to form a substantially water-tight seal between the frustoconical protrusion and the frustoconical recess. 38. The roof mounting system of claim 34, wherein the fastener extends through the bracket aperture, through the first seal portion, through the flashing to support the at least one roof-mounted fixture. 39. The roof mounting system of claim 38, wherein the fastener further extends through the second seal portion and into the roof substrate. 40. The roof mounting system of claim 34, wherein the flashing is substantially rectangular and is substantially planar around a perimeter of the frustoconical projection. 