Apparatus, systems, and methods provide for the management of a high temperature electrolysis process. According to embodiments described herein, a fuel cell electrolyzer stack is utilized in an electrolysis process. One implementation includes the use of a solid oxide electrolyzer. Input voltage is cycled around a thermal neutral voltage such that the fuel cell electrolyzer stack cycles between operation in an exothermic mode and an endothermic mode. The waste heat generated by operation in the exothermic mode is used to support the endothermic operation. By cycling between operation modes, the temperature of the fuel cell electrolyzer stack may be controlled without the use of a cooling loop or recirculated reactant flow, and the efficiency of the electrolysis process is maximized.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for controlling an electrolysis process in an electrolyzer cell capable of operating in both exothermic mode and endothermic mode, the method comprising: monitoring a temperature of the electrolyzer cell; when the temperature reaches a predetermined upper temperature threshold, operating the electrolyzer cell in endothermic mode by decreasing a voltage to the electrolyzer cell below a thermal neutral voltage; and when the temperature drops to a predetermined lower temperature threshold, operating the electrolyzer cell in exothermic mode by increasing the voltage to the electrolyzer cell above the thermal neutral voltage. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising controlling a reactant flow to the electrolyzer cell based on the voltage applied to the electrolyzer. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the voltage originates from a renewable energy source. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising determining the thermal neutral voltage of the electrolyzer cell by determining a voltage at which the electrolysis process switches from endothermic mode to exothermic mode according to a plurality of operational characteristics of the electrolyzer cell. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein the plurality of operational characteristics comprises operating environment temperature, reactant characteristics, and electrolyzer cell size. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising repeating an operation cycle for a duration of the electrolysis process, wherein the operation cycle is defined by operating the electrolyzer cell from the predetermined upper temperature threshold to the lower temperature threshold and back to the upper temperature threshold. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein a mean voltage during the operation cycle comprises approximately the thermal neutral voltage. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising applying heat generated by the electrolyzer cell when operating in the exothermic mode to the electrolyzer cell when operating in the endothermic mode. 9. The method of claim 1, further comprising: storing a hydrogen product of the electrolysis process; providing the hydrogen product to the electrolyzer cell; and combining the hydrogen product with oxygen within the electrolyzer cell such that the electrolyzer cell operates as a fuel cell to create electricity. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising: controlling a production rate or a consumption rate of oxygen and controlling a backpressure of the oxygen to maintain a desired pressure differential across the electrolyzer cell. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the electrolyzer cell comprises a high-temperature solid oxide electrolyzer. 12. A method for controlling an electrolysis process in an electrolyzer cell, the method comprising: controlling an operational voltage of the electrolyzer cell at a value higher than a thermal neutral voltage of the electrolyzer cell; providing a reactant to the electrolyzer cell to initiate the electrolysis process; determining that a temperature of the electrolyzer cell comprises an upper threshold temperature; in response to determining that the temperature comprises the upper threshold temperature, reducing the operational voltage of the electrolyzer cell to a value that is lower than the thermal neutral voltage of the electrolyzer cell and applying waste heat from the electrolysis process to the electrolyzer cell; determining that the temperature of the electrolyzer cell comprises a lower threshold temperature; and in response to determining that the temperature comprises the lower threshold temperature, increasing the operational voltage of the electrolyzer cell to a value that is higher than the thermal neutral voltage of the electrolyzer cell. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising: determining that the temperature of the electrolyzer cell comprises the higher threshold temperature to complete an operational cycle; and in response to completion of the operational cycle, controlling the value of the operational voltage to continuously repeat the operational cycle for a desired operational duration of the electrolysis process. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the operational voltage originates from a solar energy source and comprises excess voltage not used to operate a system, and wherein the desired operational duration comprises a duration defined by the presence of the excess voltage. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein controlling the value of the operational voltage to continuously repeat the operational cycle for the desired operational duration of the electrolysis process comprises alternating between exothermic mode and endothermic mode such that hydrogen is produced by the electrolysis process for the desired operational duration without utilizing a thermal management system for removal of the waste heat produced by the electrolysis process. 16. The method of claim 12, wherein the mean of the value of the operational voltage that is lower than the thermal neutral voltage and the value of the operational voltage that is higher than the thermal neutral voltage comprises approximately a value corresponding to the thermal neutral voltage. 17. The method of claim 12, further comprising: storing a hydrogen product of the electrolysis process; dissipating an oxygen product of the electrolysis process to ambient air; providing the hydrogen product to the electrolyzer cell; and combining the hydrogen product with oxygen within the electrolyzer cell such that the electrolyzer cell operates as a fuel cell to create electricity. 18. A thermal control system for managing heat within an electrolyzer capable of operating in both exothermic mode and endothermic mode, the thermal control system comprising: a temperature sensor operative to detect an operating temperature of the electrolyzer; and a controller operative to control an operational voltage to the electrolyzer, monitor the operating temperature of the electrolyzer via the temperature sensor, when the operating temperature of the electrolyzer satisfies a predetermined upper temperature threshold, decrease the operational voltage to a value less than a thermal neutral voltage of the electrolyzer, and when the operating temperature of the electrolyzer satisfies a predetermined lower temperature threshold, increase the operational voltage to a value greater than the thermal neutral voltage of the electrolyzer. 19. The thermal control system of claim 18, wherein the electrolyzer comprises a solid oxide electrolyzer and wherein the operational voltage originates from a renewable energy source. 20. The thermal control system of claim 18, wherein the controller is further operative to control the flow of a reactant to the high temperature electrolyzer according to the operational voltage applied. 