A concentrating solar power generation unit (10) comprises a solar cell element (1), a mounting plate (3) on which is mounted the solar cell element (1), which is bonded to a receiver (2), a light shield (4) that covers the mounting plate (3), a frame (5) disposed perpendicularly from the ends on two facing sides of a light shield (4), a concentrating lens (7) that is disposed corresponding to the upper end of the frame (5) across from the light shield (4) and that concentrates sunlight (Ls) on a light receiving region of the solar cell element (1), and a translucent substrate (6) that fixes (fastens) the concentrating lens (7) and is mounted to the upper end of the frame (5).
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A concentrating solar power generation unit that generates electricity by irradiating a solar cell element with sunlight that has been concentrated with a concentrating lens, comprising: a mounting plate on which the solar cell element is mounted; a light shield comprising a transmission hole for irradiating a light receiving region of the solar cell element with sunlight and which covers the mounting plate; a concentrating lens disposed across from the light shield and configured to concentrate sunlight on the light receiving region by refracting the sunlight; and a frame configured to align and support the solar cell element and the concentrating lens; wherein each of the light shield and the frame form a unitary monolithic piece of sheet metal; and wherein in a position aligned with the transmission hole, the mounting plate is formed in a dish shape having a recess in which the solar cell element is placed. 2. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to claim 1, wherein the light shield has a bent portion in which the peripheral edge of the transmission hole is bent to the mounting plate side. 3. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to claim 1, wherein the middle of an end side of the mounting plate is fixed to the light shield, and the middle of an end side of the concentrating lens is fixed to the upper end of the frame. 4. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to any of claims 1 to 2, wherein a plurality of the solar cell elements are disposed on the mounting plate. 5. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to claim 4, wherein the concentrating lens is disposed and supported on a translucent substrate corresponding to each of the plurality of solar cell elements. 6. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to claim 4, wherein the middle of an end side of the mounting plate in the lengthwise direction is fixed to the light shield. 7. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to claim 5, wherein the middle of an end side of the translucent substrate in the lengthwise direction is fixed to the upper end of the frame. 8. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to claim 5, wherein the mounting plate and the translucent substrate are divided into a plurality of parts in the lengthwise direction of the frame. 