A solar concentrator includes a plurality of separate panels positioned between opposed support rods. Tension elements extend between the support rods and mount the plurality of panels.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar concentrator comprising: a plurality of separate panels positioned between opposed support rods; tension elements extending between said support rods and mounting said plurality of panels; said panels being positioned relative to said tension elements at selected orientations, and such that at least one of said panels may be positioned at different angles relative to others of said panels to provide a desired focus of reflected solar energy; said support rods are movable toward each other, with said panels and said tension elements collapsing to provide a stowed position for said solar concentrator; one of said support rods being moveable away from the other to cause said tension elements to extend, and move said panels to a deployed position; and a frame being positioned outwardly of the solar concentrator, and said support rods being connected to ends of said frame, and one of said support rods moving from the stowed position to the deployed position and then being connected to said support frame. 2. The solar concentrator as set forth in claim 1, wherein there are a plurality of rows of said tension elements. 3. The solar concentrator as set forth in claim 1, wherein each of said panels has a first and a second tension element mounted at opposed sides of said panels. 4. The solar concentrator as set forth in claim 1, wherein said tension elements are provided with buttons that mount said panels to said tension elements, and said buttons being sized to provide said different angles for said at least one of said panels relative to the others of said panels. 5. The solar concentrator as set forth in claim 4, wherein said buttons are provided on said tension elements, at each of four corners of each of the panels, and said buttons having selected lengths to provide the different angles of said at least one of said panels relative to the others of said panels. 6. The solar concentrator as set forth in claim 1, wherein said tension elements include a spring to ensure that each of said tension elements are held in tension in the solar concentrator. 7. The solar concentrator as set forth in claim 1, wherein there are a plurality of rows of said tension elements, and each of said panels has a first and a second tension element mounted at opposed sides of said panels, said tension elements are provided with buttons that mount said panels to said tension elements, and said buttons being sized to provide said different angles for said at least one of said panels relative to the others of said panels, said tension elements include a spring to ensure that each of said tension elements are held in tension in the solar concentrator, said buttons are provided on said tension elements, at each of four corners of each of the panels, and said buttons having selected lengths to provide the different angles of said at least one of said panels relative to the others of said panels. 8. A generation system comprising: a generation element that generates energy from solar energy; a solar concentrator for said generation element; the solar concentrator including a plurality of panels positioned between opposed support rods; tension elements extending between said support rods and mounting said plurality of panels; said panels being positioned relative to said tension elements at selected orientations, and such that at least one of said panels may be positioned at different angles relative to others of said panels to provide a desired focus of reflected solar energy toward the generation element in a deployed position; said support rods are movable toward each other, with said panels and said tension elements collapsing to provide a stowed position for said solar concentrator; and a frame being positioned outwardly of the solar concentrator, and said support rods being connected to ends of said frame, and one of said support rods moving from the stowed position to the deployed position and then being connected to said support frame. 9. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein there are a plurality of rows of said tension elements. 10. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein each of said panels has a first and a second tension element mounted at opposed sides of said panels. 11. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein said tension elements are provided with buttons that mount said panels to said tension elements, and said buttons being sized to provide said different angles for said at least one of said panels relative to the others of said panels. 12. The system as set forth in claim 11, wherein said buttons are provided on said tension elements, at each of four corners of each of the panels, and said buttons having selected lengths to provide the different angles of said at least one of said panels relative to the others of said panels. 13. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein said tension elements include a spring to ensure that each of said tension elements are held in tension in the solar concentrator. 14. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein said generation element is a solar cell array. 15. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein there are a plurality of rows of said tension elements, each of said panels has a first and a second tension element mounted at opposed sides of said panels, said tension elements are provided with buttons that mount said panels to said tension elements, and said buttons being sized to provide said different angles for said at least one of said panels relative to the others of said panels, said tension elements include a spring to ensure that each of said tension elements are held in tension in the solar concentrator. 