A dual air cavity roof has a continuous upper cavity which is cooled by fans, while the lower cavity is generally sealed. Preferably the cavities are separated by a radiant barrier. The fans are preferably powered by one or more photovoltaic cells that are also disposed on the roof. The roof can be pre-cooled with cooler night air and fans only activated when necessary to remove heat from the solar load on the upper cavity. When it is desirable to remove heat, the fan speed is optimized in each zone of the roof to enhance the natural convective flow to the optimum level. A radiant barrier can also cover the roof substrate, which is optionally an existing roof that is in need of repair. The roof structure is preferably assembled in parallel modules using insulating support brackets that support the outer surface and the barrier that separates the upper and lower cavity.
Claims We claim: 1. A thermogenic augmentation system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure, the system comprising: a) a radiant barrier layer covering at least one exterior surface of the structure, the radiant barrier layer being generally disposed in a first plane that is co-extensive with a planar portion of the structure, b) a plurality of mounting brackets disposed above said radiant barrier that are connected to the exterior surface of the structure, wherein said mounting brackets support; i) an inner skin spaced away from said radiant barrier layer, being disposed in a second plane substantially parallel to said first plane, ii) an outer skin spaced away from said inner skin, being disposed in a third plane substantially parallel to said first plane and second plane, iii) wherein the region between said radiant barrier layer and the inner skin is a lower cavity, and the region between said inner skin and said outer skin is a ventilated upper cavity, c) one or more air inlet vents disposed in fluid communication with the upper cavity at a lower lateral extent thereof, d) one or more air outlet vents disposed in fluid communication with the upper cavity at an upper lateral extent thereof, e) at least one fan disposed in fluid communication with the upper cavity to expel air that enters via said inlet vents to a climate controlled portion of the structure by; i) a means to direct air from the upper cavity to the attic space, ii) a means to force the air received in the attic space into a ventilation system of the building structure, and iii) a means for air to return to the attic space of the building structure from the climate controlled portion of the structure that received air from the ventilation system thereof. 2. A thermogenic augmentation system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure according to claim 1 wherein said at least one fan is further operative to draw air into the upper cavity from said air inlet vents, wherein said air inlets are in at least one of inside the structure and outside the structure. 3. A thermogenic augmentation system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure according to claim 1 wherein said means to direct air from the upper cavity to the attic space comprises a duct that extends the length of a roof having said upper cavity and said means for air to return to the dwelling is at least one fan. 4. A thermogenic augmentation system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure according to claim 1 further comprising a plurality of heat transfer coils disposed within said duct. 5. A thermogenic augmentation system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure according to claim 4 and further comprising a baffle means that is operative to selectively expel air from the duct after passing over said heat transfer coils and before entering said attic space. 6. A thermogenic augmentation system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure according to claim 5 wherein said baffle means are disposed between said duct and said fan such that hot air can escape and be directed upward without entering the air space when said fan is not operating. 7. A thermogenic augmentation system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure according to claim 1 wherein said fan is disposed in fluid communication with the center of the duct and said heat transfer coils are subdivided into 2 pairs disposed on opposing sides of said fan. 8. A thermogenic augmentation system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure according to claim 1 and further comprising an air mixing unit having an intake fan means that is disposed in the attic and is in fluid communication with the attic air space to collect air inserted therein for return to the climate controlled portion of the structure via a primary ventilation duct, the primary ventilation duct being in fluid communication with at least one of an air conditioner and a forced air heater. 9. A thermogenic augmentation system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure according to claim 8 and further comprising an adjustable baffle means to isolate the at least one of an air conditioner and forced air heater when the intake fan means of the air mixing unit is operative to force air from the attic space into the dwelling via a primary ventilation duct. 10. A thermogenic augmentation system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure according to claim 8 wherein said an air mixing unit further comprises a filter and de-humidifier. 11. A thermogenic augmentation system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure according to claim 1 wherein said lower cavity is sealed. 12. A thermogenic augmentation system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure, the system comprising: a) a radiant barrier layer covering at least one exterior surface of the structure, the radiant barrier layer being generally disposed in a first plane that is co-extensive with a planar portion of the structure, b) a plurality of mounting brackets disposed above said radiant barrier that are connected to the exterior surface of the structure, wherein said mounting brackets support; i) an outer skin spaced away from said radiant barrier layer, being disposed in a second plane substantially parallel to said first plane to form an outer cavity, c) one or more air inlet vents disposed in fluid communication with the outer cavity at a lower lateral extent thereof, d) one or more air outlet vents disposed in fluid communication with the outer cavity at a upper lateral extent thereof, e) at least one fan disposed in fluid communication with the outer cavity to draw air in from said air inlet vents and selectively expel the air is to at least any two of an attic, a ventilation system of the structure and external to the structure, (f) an air mixing unit having an intake fan means that is disposed in the attic and is in fluid communication with the attic air space to collect air inserted therein for return to a climate controlled portion of the structure via a primary ventilation duct, the primary ventilation duct being in fluid communication with at least one of an air conditioner and a forced air heater. 13. A thermogenic augmentation system according to claim 12 further comprising a plurality of PV cells disposed on the outer surface of the structure to receive solar radiation and connected provide power to said at least one fan. 14. A thermogenic augmentation system according to claim 12 and further comprising a plurality of thermal sensors disposed to measure and compare the temperatures in at least a portion of the two or more of the attic, the outer cavity, and a region external to the structure. 15. A thermogenic augmentation system according to claim 14 further comprising a controller that is operative to modulate the operation of the said at least one fan in response to value of the compared temperatures from at least a portion of the two or more of the attic, the outer cavity, and a region external to the structure. 16. A thermogenic augmentation system according to claim 12 wherein the outer skin is the roof of the structure. 17. A thermogenic augmentation system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure, the system comprising: a) a radiant barrier layer covering at least one exterior surface of the structure, the radiant barrier layer being generally disposed in a first plane that is co-extensive with a planar portion of the structure, b) a plurality of mounting brackets disposed above said radiant barrier that are connected to the exterior surface of the structure, wherein said mounting brackets support, i) an outer skin spaced away from said radiant barrier layer, being disposed in a second plane substantially parallel to said first plane to form an outer cavity, c) one or more air inlet vents disposed in fluid communication with the outer cavity at a lower lateral extent thereof, d) one or more air outlet vents disposed in fluid communication with the outer cavity at a upper lateral extent thereof, e) at least one fan disposed in fluid communication with the outer cavity to draw air in from said air inlet vents and selectively expel the air is to at least one of an attic, a ventilation system of the structure and external to the structure, f) a common duct in fluid communication with the outer cavity that extends along the upper lateral extent thereof and is disposed below the roof of the structure, g) a baffle disposed to laterally extend between said common duct and a corresponding upper lateral extent of the outer cavity, h) wherein said baffle has a plurality of apertures along the length thereof to provide substantially uniform air flow across the lateral extent of the upper cavity in the direction of said common duct. 18. A thermogenic augmentation system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure according to claim 17 further comprising at least one heat transfer coil disposed within said duct. 19. A thermogenic augmentation system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure the system comprising: a) a radiant barrier layer covering at least one exterior surface of the structure, the radiant barrier layer being generally disposed in a first plane that is co-extensive with a planar portion of the structure, b) a plurality of mounting brackets disposed above said radiant barrier that are connected to the exterior surface of the structure, wherein said mounting brackets support, i) an outer skin spaced away from said radiant barrier layer, being disposed in a second plane substantially parallel to said first plane to form an outer cavity, c) one or more air inlet vents disposed in fluid communication with the outer cavity at a lower lateral extent thereof, d) one or more air outlet vents disposed in fluid communication with the outer cavity at a upper lateral extent thereof, e) at least one fan disposed in fluid communication with the outer cavity to draw air in from said air inlet vents and selectively expel the air is to at least any two of an attic, a ventilation system of the structure and external to the structure, f) a common duct in fluid communication with the outer cavity that extends along the upper lateral extent thereof and is disposed below the roof of the structure, g) at least one heat transfer coil disposed within said duct, wherein said fan is disposed in fluid communication with the center of the duct and said heat transfer coils are subdivided into 2 pairs disposed on opposing sides of said fan. 20. A thermogenic augmentation system disposed on the exterior surface of a building structure according to claim 19 and further comprising a baffle means that is operative to selectively expel air from the duct after passing over said heat transfer coils and before entering said attic space. 