A system, apparatus and method for generating electricity from renewable geothermal, wind, and solar energy sources includes a heat balancer for supplementing and regulating the heat energy fed to a turbine generator; a hydrogen-fired boiler for supplying supplementary heat; and an injection manifold for metering controlled amounts of superheated combustible gas into the working fluids to optimize efficiency. Wind or solar power may be converted to hydrogen in an electrolysis unit to produce hydrogen. A phase separator unit that operates by cavitation of the geothermal fluids removes gases from the source fluid. A pollution prevention trap may be used to remove solids and other unneeded constituents of the geothermal fluids to be stored or processed in a solution mining unit for reuse or sale. Spent geothermal and working fluids may be processed and injected into the geothermal strata to aid in maintaining its temperature or in solution mining of elements in the lithosphere.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for enhancing efficiency of a steam-driven turbine generator combination, comprising the steps of: providing a hydrogen-fired boiler; providing for the supply of steam of a suitable temperature from said hydrogen-fired boiler to an inlet to said turbine generator combination; supplementing at least one operating parameter of said steam with injection of a controlled amount of hydrogen gas into said supply of steam downstream from said hydrogen fired boiler and upstream of said inlet to said steam turbine to optimize efficiency of said turbine generator combination; monitoring the effect of the at least one operating parameter in said turbine generator combination; and executing one or more program sequences of a control system to adjust said at least one operating parameter of said system in response to said monitoring step. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of supplementing comprises the step of: injecting a controlled amount of hydrogen gas into said steam to adjust the energy density of the steam mixture for optimum efficiency of said turbine generator combination. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of monitoring comprises the steps of: measuring the energy density of the steam fed to the turbine generator combination. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of executing comprises the steps of: comparing, in said control system, a measured value of said operating parameter with a reference value; and adjusting said operating parameter to minimize the difference between said operating parameter and said reference value. 5. A method of storing and utilizing renewable energy without burning carbon-based fuels, comprising the steps of: generating electricity in a generator energized by a renewable, non-carbon energy source; converting the electricity to hydrogen in an electrolysis plant; storing the hydrogen in tank facilities for later use; utilizing said hydrogen in a hydrogen-fired boiler to generate steam; transferring heat energy from said steam from said boiler to a working fluid; and injecting a controlled amount of said hydrogen into said working fluid of said steam turbine for adjusting the energy density of said working fluid inlet to said steam turbine. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the step of generating electricity comprises the steps of: generating electricity in a wind power generating facility; and delivering the electricity generated to an electric distribution grid. 7. The method of claim 5, wherein the step of generating electricity comprises the steps of: generating electricity in a wind power generating facility; and delivering the electricity generated to said electrolysis plant. 8. The method of claim 5, wherein the step of generating electricity comprises the steps of: generating electricity in a solar power generating facility; and delivering the electricity generated to an electric distribution grid. 9. The method of claim 5, wherein the step of generating electricity comprises the steps of: generating electricity in a solar power generating facility; and delivering the electricity generated to said electrolysis plant. 10. The method of claim 5, wherein the step of converting the electricity comprises the steps of: operating said electrolysis plant with electricity obtained from said wind power generating facility; dissociating hydrogen and oxygen gases from water in said electrolysis plant; and collecting said hydrogen and said oxygen gases. 11. The method of claim 5, wherein the step of storing comprises the steps of: storing collected hydrogen and oxygen gases in separate respective storage tanks. 