Methods are generally provided for forming a conductive oxide layer on a substrate. In one particular embodiment, the method can include sputtering a transparent conductive oxide layer on a substrate at a sputtering temperature from about 10.degree. C. to about 100.degree. C. A cap layer including cadmium sulfide can be deposited directly on the transparent conductive oxide layer. The transparent conductive oxide layer can be annealed at an anneal temperature from about 450.degree. C. to about 650.degree. C. Methods are also generally provided for manufacturing a cadmium telluride based thin film photovoltaic device. An intermediate substrate is also generally provided for use to manufacture a thin film photovoltaic device.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for forming a conductive oxide layer on a substrate, the method comprising: sputtering a transparent conductive oxide layer on a substrate at a sputtering temperature from about 10.degree. C. to about 100.degree. C.; depositing a cap layer directly on the transparent conductive oxide layer, wherein the cap layer comprises cadmium sulfide; and, annealing the transparent conductive oxide layer at an anneal temperature of about 450.degree. C. to about 650.degree. C. to remove the cap layer, wherein less than 25% of the cap layer remains on the TCO layer after annealing. 2. The method as in claim 1, wherein the transparent conductive oxide layer comprises cadmium and tin. 3. The method as in claim 1, wherein the transparent conductive oxide layer is sputtered from a target comprising cadmium stannate. 4. The method as in claim 1, wherein the cap layer is sputtered onto the transparent conductive oxide layer from a target comprising cadmium sulfide. 5. The method as in claim 4, wherein the cap layer consists essentially of cadmium sulfide. 6. The method as in claim 4, wherein the cap layer is sputtered to a thickness of about 10 nm to about 150 nm. 7. The method as in claim 1, wherein the transparent conductive oxide layer is annealed in an annealing atmosphere comprising an inert gas. 8. The method as in claim 7, wherein the inert gas is argon. 9. The method as in claim 7, wherein the annealing atmosphere has a pressure of about 1 mTorr to about 100 mTorr. 10. The method as in claim 1, wherein the anneal temperature is of about 575.degree. C. to about 625.degree. C. 11. The method as in claim 1, wherein the transparent conductive oxide layer is annealed for about 1 minute to about 30 minutes. 12. The method as in claim 1, further comprising: monitoring sublimation of the cap layer while annealing the transparent conductive oxide layer. 13. The method as in claim 1, further comprising: cooling the substrate after annealing; and, chemically etching the cap layer. 14. The method as in claim 13, wherein the cap layer is chemically etched with an etchant comprising hydrochloric acid, nitric acid, or mixtures thereof. 15. The method as in claim 1, wherein the transparent conductive oxide layer is annealed open-faced. 16. The method as in claim 1, further comprising: removably positioning a cover shield over the cap layer prior to annealing such that the cap layer is shielded during annealing. 17. A method for manufacturing a cadmium telluride based thin film photovoltaic device, the method comprising: sputtering a transparent conductive oxide layer on a substrate at a sputtering temperature of about 10.degree. C. to about 100.degree. C.; depositing a cap layer directly on the transparent conductive oxide layer, wherein the cap layer comprises cadmium sulfide; annealing the transparent conductive oxide layer at an anneal temperature of about 450.degree. C. to about 650.degree. C.; thereafter forming a resistive transparent buffer layer over the transparent conductive oxide layer; forming a cadmium sulfide layer over the resistive transparent layer; and, forming a cadmium telluride layer over the cadmium sulfide layer. 18. The method as in claim 17, further comprising: cooling the substrate after annealing; and, chemically etching the cap layer prior to forming the resistive transparent layer over the transparent conductive oxide layer. 19. The method as in claim 17, wherein the cap layer is sputtered onto the transparent conductive oxide layer from a target comprising cadmium sulfide. 