A housing holds a microprocessor, a power management system, a pair of communication modules, multiple internal antennas, and a plurality of sensors and interfaces. The housing is connected to a mobile object. One of the communication modules connects to a GPS system through one of the antennas. The other communication module connects to a mobile cellular network or a radio or satellite system through the other antennas. The microprocessor uses the GPS system to determine the position of the object; frequency with which locational fixes are stored is user-determined. The microprocessor can be interactively reprogrammed via the mobile cellular network and creates a data structure for transmission of locational and other environmental data through the mobile cellular or other networks. The microprocessor has the ability to command the unit to separate from the object at an appropriate time to facilitate recovery.
Claims We claim: 1. An apparatus for tracking an object comprising: a processing unit having a memory device, a power management device connected to said processing unit and having a power supply for providing power to said processing unit, a navigational device connected to said processing unit for receiving position data for the apparatus from a global positioning system, a communication device connected to said processing unit for communicating with a remote server through a wireless telephone network, a sensor connected to said processing unit for collecting environmental data for the object, said power management device, said navigational device, said communication device, and said sensor electronically connected in a circuit to said processing unit within a housing, said processing unit receiving the position data from said navigational device and the environmental data from said sensor, said processing unit converting the position data and the environmental data into information for storage on said processing unit memory device, and said processing unit transferring the information separately from storing the information to said communication device for transmission over the wireless telephone network to the remote server. 2. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 in which: said navigational device includes a first internal antenna for connecting to the global positioning system, and said communication device includes a second internal antenna for connecting to the wireless telephone network. 3. An apparatus as set forth in claim 2 in which: a third internal antenna for communicating with a broadcast network selected from the group consisting of a radio network and a satellite network. 4. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 which includes: the remote server storing instructions for the operation of the apparatus, said communications device receiving the instructions from the remote server, and said communications device transferring the instructions to said processing unit. 5. An apparatus as set forth in claim 4 in which: said processing unit memory device includes software for controlling the apparatus, and said communications device receives the instructions from the remote server to update said processing unit memory device software. 6. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 which includes: a solar panel for collecting power connecting to said power supply, said power supply having a rechargeable battery, and said power management device controlling said solar panel and said power supply to optimize power consumption. 7. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 which includes: said navigational device having a GPS module for interfacing with the global positioning system, and said communication device having a mobile cellular network module for interfacing with the wireless telephone network. 8. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 which includes: said sensor collecting environmental data selected from the group consisting of audio, video, geographic location information, photographic, light, relative air movement, absolute air movement, external temperature and internal temperature. 9. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 which includes: a plurality of said sensors for collecting environmental data. 10. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 in which: said processing unit includes means for storing a predetermined amount of data in said memory device before transmitting the data to the remote server. 11. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 which includes: said communication device forming a connection to the wireless telephone network, said processing unit having means for measuring the signal strength of the connection between said communication device and the wireless telephone network before transmitting the data to the remote server, and said processing unit having means for transmitting the data to the remote server after the signal strength exceeds a predetermined level. 12. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 which includes: means for releasably connecting said apparatus to the object, and means for effecting the release of said apparatus from the object. 13. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 which includes: the wireless telephone network being a cellular telephone network. 14. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 in which: said memory device includes means for storing a plurality of the instructions from the remote server for reprogramming the processing unit. 15. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 in which: said processing unit, said navigational device, and said communication device are integrated into a single module. 16. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 in which: said processing unit includes means for obtaining a measurement of the amount of power stored in said power supply and means for deactivating the apparatus in response to the power supply measurement. 17. An apparatus as set forth in claim 16 which includes: means for writing the position and environmental information on said processing unit memory device in response to the power supply measurement. 18. An apparatus as set forth in claim 17 in which: said power management device includes means for recharging said power supply, and said processing device includes means for reactivating said apparatus to transmit the position and environmental information over the wireless telephone network to the remote server after said power supply measurement exceeds a predetermined level. 19. A portable tracking device comprising: a housing for holding a first internal antenna, a second internal antenna, a processing device, a sensor, and power supply means for providing power to said processing device, said housing for connecting to a mobile object, said processing device having means for connecting to a global positioning system through said first internal antenna to determine the location of the object, said processing device having means for receiving instructions for obtaining input from said sensor from a mobile cellular network through said second internal antenna, said processing device having means for controlling said sensor to obtain input from said sensor, said processing device having means for creating data structures that include the location of the object and the input from said sensor for transmission through said second internal antenna to the mobile cellular network, and said processing device having means for obtaining a measurement of the amount of power stored in said power supply means for deactivating said processing device in response to management of the supply of power thereto. 20. A portable tracking device as set forth in claim 19 in which: means for charging said power supply means. 21. A portable tracking device as set forth in claim 19 which includes: a third internal antenna for communicating with a network selected from the group consisting of a radio network and a satellite network. 22. A portable tracking device as set forth in claim 19 in which: said processing device includes at least one module selected from the group consisting of a GPS module, a mobile cellular network module, and a GPS/mobile cellular network module. 23. A portable tracking device as set forth in claim 19 which includes: said processing device having means for transmitting the data structures to the mobile cellular network after the data structure exceeds a predetermined size. 24. A portable tracking device as set forth in claim 19 in which: said processing device includes means for linking to the mobile cellular network, means for measuring the signal strength of the link to the mobile cellular network, and means for determining whether the signal strength exceeds a predetermined limit and for thereafter transmitting the data structure through the mobile cellular network if the signal strength exceeds the limit. 25. A portable tracking device as set forth in claim 19 in which: a plurality of said sensors, and each sensor includes means for collecting environmental data. 26. A portable tracking device as set forth in claim 19 which includes: said sensor collecting environmental data selected from the group consisting of audio, video, geographic location information, photographic, light, relative air movement, absolute air movement, external temperature and internal temperature. 27. A portable tracking device as set forth in claim 19 which includes: means for monitoring said power supply means to determine the amount of power stored therein, and means for deactivating said processing device after the amount of power stored in said power supply means reaches a predetermined minimum threshold. 28. A portable tracking device as set forth in claim 27 which includes: means for storing the data structure on said processing device before the amount of power stored in said power supply means reaches a predetermined minimum threshold. 29. A portable tracking device as set forth in claim 28 which includes: means for recharging said power supply means, means for reactivating said processing device to transmit the data structure from said means for storing the data structures on said processing device to said remote server after the amount of power stored in said power supply means exceeds the predetermined minimum threshold. 30. A method for tracking an object comprising the steps of: attaching a tracking device to the object, connecting the tracking device to a satellite-based positioning system to obtain the global position of the object, connecting the tracking device to a mobile cellular network to receive signals containing operational commands software from a remote device, processing the operational commands software to instruct the tracking device to collect environmental data, and transmitting the global position of the object and the environmental data to a server over the mobile cellular network. 31. A method as set forth in claim 30 which includes: sending signals containing programming software from the remote device to the tracking device, and processing the programming software to reprogram the tracking device. 32. A method as set forth in claim 30 which includes: storing power on a power storage system on the tracking device, and monitoring the power stored on the tracking device to determine when the stored power reaches a predetermined minimum threshold. 33. A method as set forth in claim 32 which includes: recording the global position of the object in a first data structure, recording the environmental data in a second data structure, turning off the sensor when the stored power reaches that threshold, and disconnecting the tracking device from the satellite-based-positioning system and the wireless telephone network when the stored power reaches that threshold. 34. A method as set forth in claim 33 which includes: storing the first data structure and the second data structure in a memory device on the tracking device, deactivating the tracking device when the stored power reaches the threshold, recharging the tracking device, and reactivating the tracking device to transmit the first data structure and the second data structure to the server over the mobile cellular network. 35. A method as set forth in claim 31 which includes: recharging the tracking device power storage system to a predetermined reactivation threshold, activating the sensor, and reconnecting the tracking device to the satellite-based positioning system and the mobile cellular network. 36. A method as set forth in claim 30 which includes: recording the global position of the object in a data structure, recording the environmental data in the data structure, monitoring the size of the data structure to determine when the data structure includes a predetermined amount of data, and transmitting the data structure to the server over the mobile cellular network after the data structure includes the predetermined amount of data. 37. A method as set forth in claim 30 which includes: recording the global position of the object in a data structure, recording the environmental data in the data structure, measuring the signal strength of the connection between the tracking device and the mobile cellular network, and transmitting the data structure to the server over the mobile cellular network after the signal strength exceeds a predetermined size. 38. A method as set forth in claim 30 which includes: connecting to the satellite-based positioning system through a first internal antenna, and communicating with the mobile cellular network through a second internal antenna. 39. A method as set forth in claim 30 which includes: sending a plurality of instructions through the mobile cellular network to reprogram the tracking device. 