An electric power generating system includes a plurality of variable power sources including at least one source of DC power and at least one source of AC power. Converters convert power supplied by the plurality of power sources to a common source of power to be communicated to a collector bus. A power grid supplies three-phase power to components requiring three-phase power downstream of the collector bus. Converters provide three phases of power to the power bus from the collector bus.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electric power generating system comprising: a plurality of variable power sources including at least one source of DC power and at least one source of AC power; upstream converters for converting power supplied by said plurality of power sources to a common source of power communicated to a common collector bus; a power grid for supplying three-phase power to components requiring three-phase power, and downstream on said common collector bus; downstream converters for providing said three phases of power to said power grid from said common collector bus; said common collector bus being a high voltage DC bus; a DC link inverter being positioned intermediate said common collector bus and said downstream converters, and said DC link inverter providing power to motor driven loads; said downstream converters being DC to AC converters with modulation to change DC power from said common collector bus to a phase of AC power for delivery to said three-phase power grid; and said converters including a high frequency converter, a transformer, and a single pole bi-directional switch, and there are at least 3 of said converters to provide 3 phases of AC power. 2. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said multiple power sources include a fuel cell, energy storage elements, and photovoltaic elements as said sources for supplying DC power. 3. The system as set forth in claim 2, wherein said multiple power sources include at least one of a gas turbine engine and an internal combustion engine communicating with a generator to provide said at least one source of AC power. 4. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said multiple power sources include at least one of a gas turbine engine and an internal combustion engine communicating with a generator to provide said at least one source of AC power. 5. An electric power generating system comprising: a plurality of variable power sources including at least one source of DC power and at least one source of AC power; upstream converters for converting power supplied by said plurality of power sources to a common source of power communicated to a common collector bus; a power grid for supplying three-phase power to components requiring three-phase power, and downstream on said common collector bus; downstream converters for providing said three phases of power to said power grid from said common collector bus; and said common collector bus including a high frequency single phase constant voltage bus. 6. The system as set forth in claim 5, wherein cycloconverters communicate power from said common collector bus to motor driven loads. 7. The system as set forth in claim 6, wherein the three-phase power delivered to the said power grid are created by single phase cycloconverters. 8. An electric power generating system comprising: a plurality of variable power sources including at least one source of DC power and at least one source of AC power; upstream converters for converting power supplied by said plurality of power sources to a common source of power communicated to a common collector bus; a power grid for supplying three-phase power to components requiring three-phase power, and downstream on said common collector bus; downstream converters for providing said three phases of power to said power grid from said common collector bus; and said common collector bus is a high frequency three-phase common collector bus modulated by half wave sinusoidal waveform with the frequency equal to twice the power grid frequency. 9. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein said downstream converters are single phase reduced component set inverters. 10. The system as set forth in claim 9, wherein said single phase reduced component set inverters include a single pole bi-directional switch. 11. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein a plurality of motor driven loads are supplied with power through an AC-DC-AC motor drive inverter from said power grid. 