Provided are an apparatus and method for monitoring a health index using an electroconductive fiber. In the apparatus, a bio signal acquiring unit measures a bio signal using an electroconductive fiber which is worn around a part of a user's body and in which a resistance is varied according to a user's body volume or body temperature. A health index acquiring unit analyzes the bio signal to acquire a health index. A health index notifying unit notifies the health index. Accordingly, the health index can be easily monitored without limitations on the user's behavior.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for monitoring a health index using an electroconductive fiber, the apparatus comprising: an electroconductive fiber implemented in a band type to surround a part of a user's body or in a garment type woven together with cloth, wherein the electroconductive fiber is arranged in a spiral shape such that the electroconductive fiber surrounds the part of the user's body more than once; a bio signal acquiring unit configured to measure a bio signal using the electroconductive fiber which is worn around the part of the user's body, the electroconductive fiber having a length that varies as the user's body volume or body temperature changes and having an electrical resistance that varies according to the length of the electroconductive fiber; a health index analyzing unit configured to analyze the bio signal to determine a health index; and a health index notifying unit configured to provide notification of the health index. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the bio signal contains information about one or more of pulse frequency, electrocardiogram, respiration rate, and body temperature. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein: the electroconductive fiber is adapted to be worn around a wrist, and the bio signal acquiring unit acquires a bio signal containing information about the pulse frequency. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the bio signal acquiring unit comprises: a signal detecting unit configured to output an analog signal having a voltage corresponding to the resistance of the electroconductive fiber; a bio signal converting unit configured to convert the analog signal into a digital bio signal; and a bio signal transmitting unit configured to transmit the digital bio signal to the health index acquiring unit. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the signal detecting unit comprises: a voltage provider generating a voltage necessary for detection of the bio signal; and a voltage division circuit configured to divide the voltage according to the resistance of the electroconductive fiber and generating an analog signal having a voltage corresponding to the resistance of the electroconductive fiber. 6. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the bio signal acquiring unit further comprises a bio signal displaying unit configured to output the bio signal in image and/or sound form. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the bio signal acquiring unit transmits the bio signal, and the health index acquiring unit comprises: a bio signal receiving unit configured to receive the bio signal transmitted from the bio signal acquiring unit; a health index generating unit configured to analyze the bio signal to determine the health index; and a health index outputting unit configured to output the health index to the health index notifying unit. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the health index generating unit generates the health index by analyzing the bio signal according to a bio signal analysis standard previously defined by kinds of the health index. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the health index notifying unit comprises: an image outputting unit configured to output an image corresponding to the health index; a sound outputting unit configured to output a sound corresponding to the health index; and a communication unit configured to connect to a server located in an external network to provide the health index to the server. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the bio signal acquiring unit, the health index acquiring unit, and the health index notifying unit perform a communication, based on one of a cable communication, a wireless communication, and an infrared communication. 11. A method for monitoring a health index using an electroconductive fiber, the method comprising: locating an electroconductive fiber, which has a length that varies as the user's body volume or body temperature changes and has an electrical resistance that varies according to the length of the electroconductive fiber, at a part of a user's body corresponding to the type of bio signal to be measured, the electroconductive fiber being located so as to surround the user's body more than once; measuring a bio signal using the electroconductive fiber which is worn around a part of the user's body and of which resistance is varied according to a user's body volume or body temperature; analyzing the bio signal to determine a health index; and notifying the health index to the user. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the bio signal contains information about one or more of pulse frequency, electrocardiogram, respiration rate, and body temperature. 13. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein: the electroconductive fiber is adapted to be worn around a chest where a heart is located, and the bio signal acquiring unit acquires a bio signal containing information about the electrocardiogram. 14. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein: the electroconductive fiber is adapted to be worn around an abdomen between a solar plexus where a diaphragm is located and a navel, and the bio signal acquiring unit acquires a bio signal containing information about the electrocardiogram. 15. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein: the electroconductive fiber is adapted to be worn around an abdomen or an armpit that is least affected by an exterior temperature, and the bio signal acquiring unit acquires a bio signal containing information about the body temperature. 16. An apparatus for monitoring a health index using an electroconductive fiber, the apparatus comprising: an electroconductive fiber implemented as an attachment type configured to be attached to a user's clothes, wherein the electroconductive fiber is arranged in a spiral shape such that the electroconductive fiber surrounds a part of a user's body more than once; a bio signal acquiring unit configured to measure a bio signal using an electroconductive fiber, the electroconductive fiber having a length that varies as the user's body volume or body temperature changes and having an electrical resistance that varies according to the length of the electroconductive fiber; a health index acquiring unit configured to analyze the bio signal to determine a health index; and a health index notifying unit configured to provide notification of the health index. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the health index notifying unit comprises: an image outputting unit outputting an image corresponding to the health index; a sound outputting unit outputting a sound corresponding to the health index; a communication unit connecting to a server located in an external network to provide the health index to the server in order to provide the current health index to a guardian or doctor positioned at a remote location; and a health index storing unit configured to store the currently acquired health index to enable the user, guardian or doctor to search and monitor a specific health index. 18. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the bio signal acquiring unit comprises: a signal detecting unit configured to output an analog signal having a voltage corresponding to the resistance of the electroconductive fiber; a bio signal converting unit configured to convert the analog signal into a digital bio signal; and a bio signal transmitting unit configured to transmit the digital bio signal to the health index acquiring unit. 19. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the bio signal acquiring unit transmits the bio signal, and the health index acquiring unit comprises: a bio signal receiving unit configured to receive the bio signal transmitted from the bio signal acquiring unit; a health index generating unit configured to analyze the bio signal to acquire the health index; and a health index outputting unit configured to output the health index to the health index notifying unit. 