An integrated mounting pole system for communication and surveillance infrastructures includes a plurality of stackable sections, which are rotationally attached to a system cabinet of the system and one another. The sections include arms supporting antennas, video cameras, and other functional devices. A conduit and/or wiring raceway thereof coupling electronic equipment disposed in the system cabinet and the functional devices propagates through interior of the sections and the arms. The system may be disposed on a trailer and may include an autonomous source of electric power.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An integrated mounting pole system for communication/surveillance infrastructures, the system comprising: a trailer; a mounting plate attached to the trailer; a system cabinet disposed on the mounting plate; and a plurality of stackable sections including a base section rotationally attached to the system cabinet, a top section, and a middle section disposed between the base section and the top section, wherein the base section includes a conical end configured to receive a first conical end of the middle section, the middle section includes a second conical end, opposite the first conical end, configured to receive a conical end of the top section and the system cabinet and the sections each include one or more openings that connect interiors of the system cabinet, the base section, the middle section, and the top section to each other, and wherein the first and second conical ends of the middle section are both narrower than an intermediate portion of the middle section that is located between the first and second conical ends of the middle section. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein a selected one of the sections further comprises an arm extending from an outer surface of the selected one of the sections, wherein the arm is configured for supporting one or more functional devices or components. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the arm and the selected one of the sections are connected in a fixed or rotationally adjustable relationship. 4. The system of claim 2, further comprising a conduit including one or more electrical conductors extending through the openings and interconnecting equipment disposed in the system cabinet and the functional devices or components. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the arm is configured to conceal portions of the conduit that extend into the arm. 6. The system of claim 2, wherein the functional devices are selected from the group consisting of communication devices, surveillance devices, and solar devices. 7. The system of claim 2, wherein electronic components facilitating operability of the functional devices are disposed in the system cabinet. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the openings in the sections are formed in the conical ends of the sections. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the system cabinet comprises at least one port for cables coupling the system to an external source of electric power and/or at least one communication or surveillance network. 10. The system of claim 1, further comprising a cooling unit having a heat-exchanging element adapted for in-ground installation. 11. The system of claim 1, further including an internal or external source of electric power or both. 12. An integrated mounting pole system for communication/surveillance infrastructures, the system comprising: a trailer; a mounting plate attached to the trailer; a system cabinet disposed on the mounting plate; and a plurality of stackable sections including a base section rotationally attached to the system cabinet, a top section, and a middle section disposed between the base section and the top section, wherein the base section includes a conical end configured to receive a first conical end of the middle section, the middle section includes a second conical end, opposite the first conical end, configured to receive a conical end of the top section and a selected one of the sections includes an arm extending from an outer surface of the selected one of the sections that is configured for supporting one or more functional devices or components, and the system cabinet, the sections, and the arm each include one or more openings that connect interiors of the system cabinet, the base section, the middle section, the top section, and the arm to each other, and wherein the first and second conical ends of the middle section are both narrower than an intermediate portion of the middle section that is located between the first and second conical ends of the middle section. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the openings in the sections are formed in the conical ends. 14. The system of claim 12, further comprising a conduit and/or wiring raceway thereof propagating through at least some of the openings. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein: the functional devices are selected from the group consisting of communication devices, surveillance devices, and solar devices; the arm is configured to conceal portions of the conduit extending into the arm; electronic components facilitating operability of the functional devices are disposed in the system cabinet; and the system cabinet comprises at least one port for cables coupling the system to an external source of electric power and/or at least one communication or surveillance network. 