The present invention is a pressure monitoring panel apparatus with a panel housing that contains a programmable logic controller. Pressure transducers transmit the pressures from an aeration basin diffuser head and an aeration basin airline to a programmable logic controller. The programmable logic controller uses the pressures from the aeration basin diffuser head and aeration basin airline to determine the airflow rate through the aeration basin diffuser and the pressure drop across the aeration basin diffuser. Those values are then displayed on a viewable interface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A self-monitoring aeration system comprised of: at least one grid comprised of a plurality of diffusers through which a non-gaseous substance is passed enclosed within at least one aeration tank, wherein said aeration tank holds a quantity of water forming a water surface; at least one panel housing located above the water surface of said at least one aeration tank; at least one viewable digital interface containing no gauges corresponding to said at least one grid, said at least one digital interface mounted to said at least one surface of said panel housing; at least one processor capable of receiving a user-input value which represents water depth, said at least processor being further configured to calculate the pressure value necessary to overcome a submergence pressure value which is proportional to the depth of the water; a maximum of two pressure lines functionally coupled with said at least one diffuser, including a first pressure line used solely to measure header pressure at which air is entering at least one diffuser, and a second pressure line which includes a diffuser pressure sensor used solely to measure pressure across a diffuser to arrive at a diffuser pressure value and which further transmits said diffuser pressure value to said at least one processor; said at least one processor further configured with software to calculate the difference between said submergence pressure value and said diffuser pressure value to arrive at a dynamic wet pressure, and to display said dynamic wet pressure on a user interface without the use of gauges. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 which further includes at least two transducers to measure an air flow rate through said aeration basin diffuser and an interface component to display said air flow rate on said viewable digital interface. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 which further includes at least two three-way valves, one of said three-way valves attached to each of said first pressure line and said second pressure line before said first and second transducers. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 which further includes at least two physical connectors adapted to connect said first and second pressure lines through said housing. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 which further includes connecting material adapted to connect said first and second pressure lines through said housing. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 which further includes a power source selected from the group consisting of a battery, a solar panel, an exterior power supply, and a power converter. 7. The apparatus of claim 2 which further includes a visual indicator having an indicator light, wherein said processor compares said dynamic wet pressure and said air flow rate to determine whether an aeration diffuser needs cleaning and turns said indicator light on when said diffuser needs cleaning. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 which further includes a power switch. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said panel is further adapted to display values in metric units. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said panel further includes a heater. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 which further includes at least one temperature sensor. 