An environmental power generation device may include a base, a turbine mounting structure carried by the base and a wind turbine carried by the turbine mounting structure. The environmental power generation device may also include a power generator in communication with the wind turbine. The power generator may include a rotor in communication with the wind turbine, and a stator in rotational communication with the rotor. The environmental power generation device may further include a solar cell mounting structure connected to the base, and a solar cell connected to the solar cell mounting structure and positioned to overlie the wind turbine.
Claims That which is claimed is: 1. An environmental power generation device comprising: a base; a turbine mounting structure carried by the base; at least one wind turbine carried by the turbine mounting structure; a respective at least one power generator in communication with the at least one wind turbine and comprising: a respective at least one rotor in communication with the at least one wind turbine, and a respective at least one stator in rotational communication with the respective at least one rotor; a solar cell mounting structure connected to the base; at least one solar cell connected to the solar cell mounting structure and positioned to overlie the at least one wind turbine; and a mounting track carried by the base; wherein the turbine mounting structure includes a base, a lower mounting sleeve connected to the base, and an upper mounting sleeve connected to the lower mounting sleeve; wherein the base of the turbine mounting structure is slidably connected to the mounting track. 2. An environmental power generation device according to claim 1 wherein the at least one rotor is carried by the at least one wind turbine so that rotation of the at least one wind turbine causes rotation of the at least one rotor. 3. An environmental power generation device according to claim 1, further comprising at least one rotational shaft extending between the at least one wind turbine and the at least one rotor so that rotation of the at least one wind turbine causes rotation of the at least one rotational shaft and so that rotation of the at least one rotational shaft causes rotation of the at least one rotor. 4. An environmental power generation device according to claim 3 wherein the at least one rotational shaft passes through the upper mounting sleeve and the lower mounting sleeve to be connected to the at least one rotor. 5. An environmental power generation device according to claim 1 wherein the solar cell mounting structure includes a plurality of support legs connected to the turbine mounting structure. 6. An environmental power generation device according to claim 5 wherein the solar cell mounting structure includes a solar cell mounting base carried by a top portion of the plurality of support legs. 7. An environmental power generation device according to claim 6 wherein the solar cell mounting base is mirrored. 8. An environmental power generation device according to claim 1 further comprising a cover to be connected to the base and positioned to overlie the turbine mounting structure and the mounting track. 9. An environmental power generation device according to claim 1 further comprising an energy storage device in communication with the respective at least one power generator and the at least one solar cell for storing energy generated by the power generator or collected from the at least one solar cell. 10. An environmental power generation device according to claim 9 wherein the energy storage device is at least one battery. 11. An environmental power generation device according to claim 1 further comprising a controller to selectively operate at least one of the power generator and the at least one solar cell. 12. An environmental power generation device comprising: a base; a turbine mounting structure carried by the base; at least one wind turbine carried by the turbine mounting structure; a respective at least one power generator in communication with the at least one wind turbine and comprising: a respective at least one rotor in communication with the at least one wind turbine, and a respective at least one stator in rotational communication with the respective at least one rotor; a solar cell mounting structure connected to the base and including a plurality of support legs connected to the turbine mounting structure and a solar cell mounting base carried by a top portion of the plurality of support legs; at least one solar cell connected to the solar cell mounting structure and positioned to overlie the at least one wind turbine; an energy storage device in communication with the respective at least one power generator and the at least one solar cell for storing energy generated by the power generator or collected from the at least one solar cell; a controller to selectively operate at least one of the power generator and the at least one solar cell; and a mounting track carried by the base; wherein the turbine mounting structure includes a base, a lower mounting sleeve connected to the base, and an upper mounting sleeve connected to the lower mounting sleeve; wherein the base of the turbine mounting structure is slidably connected to the mounting track. 13. An environmental power generation device according to claim 12 wherein the at least one rotor is carried by the at least one wind turbine so that rotation of the at least one wind turbine causes rotation of the at least one rotor. 14. An environmental power generation device according to claim 12 further comprising at least one rotational shaft extending between the at least one wind turbine and the at least one rotor so that rotation of the at least one wind turbine causes rotation of the at least one rotational shaft and so that rotation of the at least one rotational shaft causes rotation of the at least one rotor; and wherein the at least one rotational shaft passes through the upper mounting sleeve and the lower mounting sleeve to be connected to the at least one rotor. 15. An environmental power generation device according to claim 12 wherein the solar cell mounting base is mirrored. 