A plurality of beacons transmit beacon signals indicating beacon identifiers. A mobile communication device receives a first one of the beacon signals indicating a first one of the beacon identifiers when the mobile communication device is proximate to a first one of the beacons. The mobile communication device generates a random code and transmits a first message indicating the first beacon identifier and the random code. The mobile communication device receives a second one of the beacon signals indicating a second one of the beacon identifiers when the mobile communication device is proximate to a second one of the beacons and transmits a second message indicating the second beacon identifier and the random code. A computer system receives the first message and the second message and processes the random code, the first beacon identifier, and the second beacon identifier to determine the velocity of the mobile communication device.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for determining a velocity of a mobile communication device, the method comprising: transmitting beacon signals indicating beacon identifiers from a plurality of beacons; receiving a first one of the beacon signals indicating a first one of the beacon identifiers in the mobile communication device when the mobile communication device is proximate to a first one of the beacons; generating a random code in the mobile communication device; temporarily assigning the random code to the mobile communication device to allow the correlation of messages sent from the mobile communication device without identifying the mobile communication device; transmitting a first message indicating the first beacon identifier and the random code from the mobile communication device; receiving a second one of the beacon signals indicating a second one of the beacon identifiers in the mobile communication device when the mobile communication device is proximate to a second one of the beacons; transmitting a second message indicating the second beacon identifier and the random code from the mobile communication device; receiving the first message and the second message into a computer system; processing the random code, the first beacon identifier, and the second beacon identifier to determine the velocity of the mobile communication device; receiving a third one of the beacon signals indicating a third one of the beacon identifiers in the mobile communication device when the mobile communication device is proximate to a third one of the beacons; generating a new random code in the mobile communication device; temporarily assigning the new random code to the mobile communication device to allow the correlation of messages sent from the mobile communication device without identifying the mobile communication device; transmitting a third message indicating the third beacon identifier and the new random code from the mobile communication device; receiving a fourth one of the beacon signals indicating a fourth one of the beacon identifiers in the mobile communication device when the mobile communication device is proximate to a fourth one of the beacons; transmitting a fourth message indicating the fourth beacon identifier and the new random code from the mobile communication device; receiving the third message and the fourth message into the computer system; and processing the new random code, the third beacon identifier, and the fourth beacon identifier to determine the velocity of the mobile communication device. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein generating the new random code comprises generating the new random code in response to previously transmitting a number of messages with the random code. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein generating the new random code comprises generating the new random code in response to a time period lapsing. 4. The method of claim 1 further comprising: in the mobile communication device, adding a first timestamp to the first message indicating when the first beacon signal was received and adding a second timestamp to the second message indicating when the second beacon signal was received; and in the computer system, processing the first timestamp and the second timestamp to determine the velocity of the mobile communication device. 5. The method of claim 1 further comprising: in the computer system, associating a first timestamp with the first message indicating when the first message was received, associating a second timestamp with the second message indicating when the second message was received, and processing the first timestamp and the second timestamp to determine the velocity of the mobile communication device. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the first beacon identifier indicates a geographic location for the first beacon. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein processing the first beacon identifier in the computer system comprises translating the first beacon identifier into a geographic location for the first beacon. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein the first beacon is a roadside beacon. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein the first beacon is connected to a mile marker. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein the first beacon is solar-powered. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein transmitting the first message comprises transmitting the first message over a mobile communication network. 12. The method of claim 1 further comprising in the mobile communication device turning off and on the reception of the beacon signals in response to a user input. 13. The method of claim 1 further comprising: in the computer system, transferring the velocity of the mobile communication device to another mobile communication device. 14. A mobile communication device velocity monitoring system comprising: a plurality of beacons configured to transmit beacon signals indicating beacon identifiers; a mobile communication device configured to receive a first one of the beacon signals indicating a first one of the beacon identifiers when the mobile communication device is proximate to a first one of the beacons, generate a random code in the mobile communication device, temporarily assign the random code to the mobile communication device to allow the correlation of messages sent from the mobile communication device without identifying the mobile communication device, transmit a first message indicating the first beacon identifier and the random code, receive a second one of the beacon signals indicating a second one of the beacon identifiers when the mobile communication device is proximate to a second one of the beacons, transmit a second message indicating the second beacon identifier and the random code, receive a third one of the beacon signals indicating a third one of the beacon identifiers when the mobile communication device is proximate to a third one of the beacons, generate a new random code in the mobile communication device, temporarily assign the new random code to the mobile communication device to allow the correlation of messages sent from the mobile communication device without identifying the mobile communication device, transmit a third message indicating the third beacon identifier and the new random code, receive a fourth one of the beacon signals indicating a fourth one of the beacon identifiers when the mobile communication device is proximate to a fourth one of the beacons, and transmit a fourth message indicating the fourth beacon identifier and the new random code; and a computer system configured to receive the first message and the second message and process the random code, the first beacon identifier, and the second beacon identifier to determine a velocity of the mobile communication device, and to receive the third message and the fourth message and process the new random code, the third beacon identifier, and the fourth beacon identifier to determine the velocity of the mobile communication device. 15. The system of claim 14 wherein the mobile communication device is configured to generate the new random code in response to previously transmitting a number of messages with the random code. 16. The system of claim 14 wherein the mobile communication device is configured to generate the new random code in response to a time period lapsing. 17. The system of claim 14 further comprising: the mobile communication device further configured to add a first timestamp to the first message indicating when the first beacon signal was received and add a second timestamp to the second message indicating when the second beacon signal was received; and the computer system further configured to process the first timestamp and the second timestamp to determine the velocity of the mobile communication device. 18. The system of claim 14 wherein the computer system is further configured to associate a first timestamp with the first message indicating when the first message was received, associate a second timestamp with the second message indicating when the second message was received, and process the first timestamp and the second timestamp to determine the velocity of the mobile communication device. 19. The system of claim 14 wherein the first beacon identifier indicates a geographic location for the first beacon. 20. The system of claim 14 wherein the computer system is configured to translate the first beacon identifier into a geographic location for the first beacon. 21. The system of claim 14 wherein the first beacon is a roadside beacon. 22. The system of claim 14 wherein the first beacon is connected to a mile marker. 23. The system of claim 14 wherein the first beacon is solar-powered. 24. The system of claim 14 wherein the mobile communication device is configured to transmit the first message through a mobile communication network. 25. The system of claim 14 wherein the mobile communication device is configured to turn on and off the reception of the beacon signals in response to a user input. 26. The system of claim 14 comprising the computer system further configured to transfer the velocity of the mobile communication device to another mobile communication device. 