A three-dimensional solar cell comprising a semiconductor substrate with an inverted pyramidal cavity, emitter metallization regions on ridges on the surface of the semiconductor substrate which define an opening of the inverted pyramidal cavity, and base metallization regions on a region which form the apex of the inverted pyramidal cavity. A method for fabricating a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell from an inverted pyramidal three-dimensional thin-film silicon substrate by doping ridges on the surface of the semiconductor substrate which define an opening of an inverted pyramidal cavity on the substrate to form an emitter region, and doping a region which forms the apex of the inverted pyramidal cavity to form a base region. Adding a surface passivation layer to the surface of the substrate. Selectively etching the passivation layer from the emitter region and base region. Then concurrently metallizing the emitter region and base region.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell having a structure defined by a plurality of inverted pyramidal cavities, comprising: a free-standing, self-supporting three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell substrate having a side length in the range of 125 mm to 215 mm comprising a plurality of inverted pyramidal structures defined by a plurality inverted pyramidal cavities, said free-standing, self-supporting three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell substrate further comprising a first side and a second side, said first side having a three-dimensional surface topography comprising ridges of said plurality of inverted pyramidal cavities and said second side having a three-dimensional surface topography comprising the apices of said plurality of inverted pyramidal cavities, said ridges of said plurality of inverted pyramidal cavities comprising a plurality of interconnected continuous ridges on said three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell and defining base openings of said inverted pyramidal cavities; said plurality of inverted pyramidal cavities comprising a set of larger inverted pyramidal cavities and a set of smaller inverted pyramidal cavities, said set of larger pyramidal cavities and said set of smaller inverted pyramidal cavities arranged in a staggered pattern on said free-standing, self-supporting three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell substrate such that the longest running straight line ridge segment on said three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell is less than twice the width of the openings of said larger pyramidal cavities, wherein limiting said longest running straight line ridge segment length substantially increases the mechanical rigidity of said three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell by preventing formation of continuous long straight line ridges that define the openings of a large number of pyramidal cavities on said free-standing, self-supporting three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell substrate, wherein said larger inverted pyramidal cavities have a side length that is 5 to 60 times the thickness of said free-standing, self-supporting three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell substrate; and emitter metallization regions and base metallization regions positioned on the ridges and apices of said inverted pyramidal cavities. 2. The three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said plurality inverted pyramidal cavities have a plurality of pyramidal shapes. 3. The three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said ridges have a thickness less than 10 microns. 4. The three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said apices of said set of larger inverted pyramidal cavities are substantially planar. 5. The three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said emitter metallization regions are positioned on at least a portion of said ridges of said inverted pyramidal cavities and said base metallization regions are positioned on at least a portion of said apices of said larger set of inverted pyramidal cavities. 6. The three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said base metallization regions are mounted on a metal surface to form base interconnects. 7. A method for manufacturing a three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell having a structure defined by a plurality of inverted pyramidal cavities, comprising: forming a free-standing, self-supporting three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell substrate having a structure defined by a plurality of inverted pyramidal cavities, said substrate comprising a first side and a second side: said first side having a three-dimensional surface topography comprising ridges of said plurality of inverted pyramidal cavities, said ridges of said plurality of inverted pyramidal cavities comprising a plurality of interconnected continuous ridges on said three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell and defining base openings of said inverted pyramidal cavities; said second side having a three-dimensional surface topography comprising the apices of said plurality of inverted pyramidal cavities; said plurality of inverted pyramidal cavities comprising a set of larger inverted pyramidal cavities and a set of smaller inverted pyramidal cavities, said set of larger pyramidal cavities and said set of smaller inverted pyramidal cavities arranged in a staggered pattern on said substrate such that the longest running straight line ridge segment on said substrate is less than twice the width of the openings of said larger pyramidal cavities, wherein limiting said longest running straight line ridge segment length substantially increases the mechanical rigidity of said three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell by preventing formation of continuous long straight line ridges that define the openings of a large number of pyramidal cavities on said substrate; said three-dimensional thin-film monocrystalline silicon solar cell substrate formed by the steps of: forming a sacrificial porous silicon layer on a reusable monocrystalline silicon template, said reusable monocrystalline silicon template comprising a pattern of a plurality of three-dimensional inverted pyramidal surface features, said three-dimensional inverted pyramidal surface features defined by top surface areas aligned along a (100) crystallographic orientation plane of said template and a plurality of walls each aligned along a (111) crystallographic orientation plane of said template wherein said walls form a plurality of inverted pyramidal cavities, said sacrificial porous silicon layer formed substantially conformal to said silicon template; subsequently depositing an in-situ doped monocrystalline silicon layer doped with a first dopant using an epitaxial silicon growth process; and releasing said monocrystalline silicon layer from said reusable monocrystalline silicon template at said sacrificial porous silicon layer; forming doped base contact regions on select portions of said free-standing, self-supporting three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell substrate with a second dopant of polarity similar to said first dopant; forming emitter regions on select portions of said free-standing, self-supporting three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell substrate with a third dopant of opposite polarity to said first dopant; and forming emitter metallization regions and base metallization regions, wherein at least one high-temperature step is performed after said step of releasing said monocrystalline silicon layer from said reusable monocrystalline silicon template, said high-temperature step being performed at a temperature between 800.degree. C. and 950.degree. C. 8. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell of claim 7, wherein said doped base contact regions are formed on at least a portion of said apices of said larger set of inverted pyramidal cavities and said emitter regions are formed on at least a portion of said ridges of said inverted pyramidal cavities. 9. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell of claim 7, wherein said emitter metallization regions and said base metallization regions are formed concurrently. 10. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell of claim 7, wherein said plurality inverted pyramidal cavities defining the structure of said three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell have a plurality of pyramidal shapes. 11. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell of claim 7, wherein said ridges have a thickness less than 10 microns. 12. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell of claim 7, wherein said apices of said set of larger inverted pyramidal cavities are substantially planar. 13. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional monocrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell of claim 7, further comprising the step of mounting said base metallization regions on a metal surface to form base interconnects. 