A solar collector includes a solar absorbing tube containing an elongate tube that extends out of one end of the solar absorbing tube and into an end fitting. An annular outer passageway of the elongate tube communicates with a cold fluid inlet conduit within the end fitting. An inner passageway of the elongate tube communicates with a hot water outlet conduit within the end fitting. Each end fitting 15 is provided with a receiving portion extending orthogonally to the tubular passage for receiving an end of the concentric elongated tube. The end fittings are interconnected to provide fluid flow paths without the need for a manifold. Any number of solar collector tubes can be interconnected in this way.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A solar collector assembly comprising a plurality of elongate solar collector tubes, each tube having an end fitting at one end, each elongate solar collector tube including a solar radiation absorber and a heat exchanger for transferring heat from said solar radiation absorber to a fluid to be heated, said heat exchanger including a cold fluid conduit and a hot fluid conduit, each end fitting including a fluid passageway and each end fitting having a seal to sealingly engage a fluid passageway of an adjacent end fitting, the end fitting fluid passageway being divided by a longitudinally extending dividing wall into a cold fluid passageway and a hot fluid passageway, the dividing wall having an opening through which the hot fluid conduit of the solar collector tube extends for delivery of hot fluid from the solar collector tube into the hot fluid passageway, and the cold fluid passageway of the end fitting being in fluid communication with the cold fluid conduit of the solar collector tube and wherein on assembly of one end fitting to an adjacent end fitting the dividing walls of the end fittings are substantially contiguous. 2. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 1 wherein the end fitting includes a groove or recess for receiving an O-ring seal. 3. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 1 wherein the end fitting includes a receiving portion for receiving an end of a fluid flow pipe of a solar collector tube or a condenser section of a solar collector tube. 4. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 3 wherein the receiving portion extends substantially orthogonally to the fluid passageway. 5. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 3 wherein the receiving portion is adapted for sealingly engaging with an end of a fluid flow pipe or a condenser section of a solar collector tube. 6. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 5 wherein the receiving portion includes a smooth face for engaging a seal or a seal for sealingly engaging with an end of a fluid flow pipe of a solar collector tube. 7. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 6 wherein the seal is an O-ring seal. 8. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 5 wherein the receiving portion is adapted for sealing engagement with a sealing plug of a condenser section of a solar collector tube. 9. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 1 further comprising a protective casing for receiving the end fitting and an end of the solar collector tube. 10. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 9 wherein the end fitting and/or the end of the solar collector tube are releasably engageable in the protective casing. 11. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 10 wherein the protective casing includes a main protector body and a closure part which is movably mounted to or removable from the main protector body. 12. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 11 wherein the protective casing includes a removable end cap. 13. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 11 wherein the protective casing includes a hinged or pivotal lid part. 14. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 9 wherein the protective casing includes a receiver for receiving a locking clip for securely mounting the solar collector tube and/or the associated end fitting in the protective housing. 15. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 9 wherein the protective casing includes a support structure. 16. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 15 wherein the support structure is integral with the protective housing. 17. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 15 wherein the support structures of adjacent protective casings are interlinkable. 18. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 17 wherein adjacent support structures are interlocked by an interlink component. 19. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 18 wherein at least part of the interlink component is integral with the support structure. 20. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 18 wherein the interlink component is separate or separable from the support structure. 21. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 1 wherein the end fitting comprises a pair of channels on one side of the end fitting, a circumferential inclusion on the opposite end of an adjacent end fitting, and a resilient clip which extends through the channels to secure the adjacent end fittings together. 22. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 1 wherein the end fitting comprise a twist lock for engagement between adjacent end fittings. 23. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 22 wherein the twist lock includes an inclusion at one end of an end fitting which is engagable with a protrusion at the other end of an adjacent end fitting. 24. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 22 wherein the twisting is through approximately 20 degrees. 25. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 1 wherein the end fitting includes circumferential inclusions or protrusions on opposite faces of adjacent end fittings and a clamp that engages with the circumferential inclusions or protrusions to secure adjacent end fittings together. 26. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 1 wherein the end fittings are formed from a temperature resistant polymeric material. 