The roll gap in a rolling stand for rolled strips is lubricated by feeding water via at least a first feed line and oil via at least a second feed line to at least one mixer, mixing the water and the oil in the mixer, feeding the mixture of water and oil to a sprayer, and spraying the mixture from the sprayer onto at least one work roll or backup roll of the rolling stand. To clean the roll gap hot water or steam is fed via at least one third feed line to one of the first and second feed lines or to the mixer at defined time intervals or as a function of a status of the rolling process while a roll of the rolling stand is being changed.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A method for lubricating the roll gap in a rolling stand for rolled strips, the method comprising the steps of lubricating the roll gap by: feeding water via at least a first feed line and oil via at least a second feed line to at least one mixer; mixing the water and the oil in the mixer; feeding the mixture of water and oil to a sprayer; and spraying the mixture from the sprayer onto at least one work roll or backup roll of the rolling stand; and cleaning the roll gap by feeding hot water or steam via at least one third feed line to one of the first and second feed lines or to the mixer at defined time intervals or as a function of a status of the rolling process, while a roll of the rolling stand is being changed. 2. The method according to claim 1, wherein the hot water is supplied at a temperature of at least 60.degree. C. 3. The method according to claim 1, wherein the hot water or the steam is supplied over a period of from 2 to 15 minutes. 4. The method according to claim 1, further comprising the step of: adding a detergent to the hot water or to the steam. 5. The method according to claim 1, further comprising the step in the event of interrupted supply of: delivering hot water or steam in the first or in the second feed line. 6. The method according to claim 1, further comprising the step of: outputting a warning signal during the delivery of hot water or of steam. 7. The method according to claim 1, wherein the water is heated or the steam is generated by means of an electric heating element. 8. The method according to claim 1, wherein the water is heated or the steam is generated by means of oil or gas heating. 9. The method according to claim 1, wherein the water is heated or the steam is generated by means of solar energy. 10. A method for lubricating and cleaning the roll gap in a rolling stand for rolled strips, the method comprising the steps of: feeding water via at least a first feed line and oil via at least a second feed line to at least one mixer; mixing the water and the oil in the mixer; feeding the mixture of water and oil to a sprayer; spraying the mixture from the sprayer onto at least one work roll or backup roll of the rolling stand; feeding hot water or steam via at least one third feed line to one of the first and second feed lines or to the mixer at defined time intervals or as a function of a status of the rolling process; regularly automatically cleaning sprayers; determining the rolling stand to be cleaned in a multi-stand rolling train; and monitoring and storing the duration of the cleaning. 11. A method for lubricating and cleaning the roll gap in a rolling stand for rolled strips, the method comprising the steps of: feeding water via at least a first feed line and oil via at least a second feed line to at least one mixer; mixing the water and the oil in the mixer; feeding the mixture of water and oil to a sprayer; spraying the mixture from the sprayer onto at least one work roll or backup roll of the rolling stand; feeding hot water or steam via at least one third feed line to one of the first and second feed lines or to the mixer at defined time intervals or as a function of a status of the rolling process; and cleaning of the sprayer at the beginning of every nth roll change, after a rolling incident within the rolling stand, at the end of a rolling program before a system stoppage, or manually by a user. 12. A method for lubricating the roll gap in a plurality of rolling stands for rolled strips, the method comprising the steps of: feeding water via at least a first feed line and oil via at least a second feed line to at least one mixer; mixing the water and the oil in the mixer; feeding the mixture of water and oil to a respective sprayer at each of the rolling stands; spraying the mixture from the sprayers onto at least one work roll or backup roll of each of the rolling stands; and feeding hot water or steam via at least one third feed line to one of the first and second feed lines or to the mixer at defined time intervals or as a function of a status of the rolling process from a single hot water tank, provided for all the rolling stands and feeding each individual rolling stand in turn. 13. A method for lubricating the roll gap in a plurality rolling stands for rolled strips, the method comprising the steps of: feeding a cold water supply via at least a first feed line and oil via oil pumps and at least a second feed line to at least one mixer; mixing the water and the oil in the mixer; to feeding the mixture of water and oil to a sprayer; spraying the mixture from the sprayer onto at least one work roll or backup roll of the plurality of rolling stands; determining one of the plurality of rolling stands to be cleaned and a cleaning time therefor; deactivating the oil pump of the one roll stand; switching off the cold water supply to the one roll stand; activating a supply of warm water, steam or detergent for the sprayer of the one stand; deactivating the warm water supply after the cleaning time has elapsed; reactivating the cold water supply of the lubrication system; and switching the oil pump for the one roll stand back to operational. 