An outdoor LED (light emitting diode) system includes an LED device, a storage battery storing an electric energy therein and connected to the LED device to provide an electric power to the LED device, a solar energy generator connected to the storage battery to provide an electric power to the storage battery, and a wind power generator connected to the storage battery to provide an electric power to the storage battery. Thus, the electric power of the LED device is supplied by two types of natural energy, including the solar energy and the wind energy, to prevent from incurring an environmental pollution so as to satisfy the requirements of environment protection.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An outdoor LED (light emitting diode) system comprising: an LED device; a storage battery storing an electric energy therein and connected to the LED device to provide an electric power to the LED device; a solar energy generator connected to the storage battery to provide an electric power to the storage battery; a wind power generator connected to the storage battery to provide an electric power to the storage battery; a first monitoring and controlling device connected to the storage battery; a first transmission device connected to the first monitoring and controlling device; a second monitoring and controlling device; a second transmission device connected to the second monitoring and controlling device and connected to the first transmission device; an indication device connected to the second monitoring and controlling device; and an operation device connected to the second monitoring and controlling device. 2. The outdoor LED system of claim 1, further comprising: a detection device connected to the LED device. 3. The outdoor LED system of claim 2, wherein the detection device detects variation of an ambient light beam to turn on and off the LED device automatically. 4. The outdoor LED system of claim 1, further comprising: a sun tracer device connected to the solar energy generator. 5. The outdoor LED system of claim 4, wherein the sun tracer device has an angle adjustable function so that the sun tracer device is kept at the optimum angle of incidence of the sun light to enhance the generating efficiency of the solar energy generator. 6. The outdoor LED system of claim 1, wherein the wind power generator is a vertical-axis wind turbine. 7. The outdoor LED system of claim 1, wherein the storage battery is a lithium iron phosphate battery. 8. The outdoor LED system of claim 1, wherein the first monitoring and controlling device is mounted on an outdoor location of the LED device. 9. The outdoor LED system of claim 1, wherein the first monitoring and controlling device includes a CCD video camera and a controller. 10. The outdoor LED system of claim 9, wherein the CCD video camera has an infrared photographing function to photograph at night. 11. The outdoor LED system of claim 9, wherein the controller is connected to the LED device to turn on and off the LED device. 12. The outdoor LED system of claim 1, wherein the second monitoring and controlling device is mounted on an indoor location. 13. The outdoor LED system of claim 1, wherein an information of the first monitoring and controlling device at an outdoor location is transmitted through the first transmission device and the second transmission device into the second monitoring and controlling device at an indoor location and is indicated by the indication device; and the operation device is operated to monitor the information and to control operation of the LED device in a remote control manner. 