A reflector (e.g., mirror) for use in a solar collector or the like is provided. In certain example embodiments of this invention, a reflector is made by (a) forming a reflective coating on a thin substantially flat glass substrate (the thin glass substrate may or may not be pre-bent prior to the coating being applied thereto), (b) optionally, if the glass substrate in (a) was not prebent, then cold-bending the glass substrate with the reflective coating thereon; and (c) applying a plate or frame member to the thin bent glass substrate with the coating thereon from (a) and/or (b), the plate or frame member (which may be another thicker pre-bent glass sheet, for example) for maintaining the thin glass substrate and coating thereon in a desired bent orientation in a final product which may be used as parabolic trough or dish type reflector in a concentrating solar power apparatus or the like.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A concentrating solar power apparatus including at least one mirror, the concentrating solar power apparatus comprising: a bent laminate mirror comprising a thick glass substrate having a thickness of at least 2.0 mm, a thin glass substrate having a thickness of from about 1.0 to 2.0 mm, and a mirror coating formed on the thin glass substrate, the thick glass substrate being thicker than the thin glass substrate, the thin glass substrate being laminated to the thick glass substrate with at least one adhesive layer so that the adhesive layer and the mirror coating are both located between the thin and thick glass substrates; wherein the mirror coating is removed from at least one peripheral edge of the thin glass substrate, and wherein the adhesive layer directly contacts both the thin and thick glass substrates in areas proximate the at least one peripheral edge from which the mirror coating is removed; wherein the bent laminate mirror is substantially parabolic in shape and has a solar reflectance of at least 90%; wherein the adhesive layer is a polymer inclusive adhesive layer; and wherein the mirror coating comprises a nucleation layer comprising at least one of tin and palladium adjacent the thin glass substrate, a reflective layer comprising silver, and a passivation layer, wherein the passivation layer is in direct contact with the polymer inclusive adhesive layer of the laminate mirror, and wherein the passivation layer comprises one or more of copper, tin oxide, and/or silane(s). 2. The concentrating solar power apparatus of claim 1, wherein the thin glass substrate has a thickness of at least 0.2 mm less than a thickness of the thick glass substrate. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the thin glass substrate has a thickness of at least 0.3 mm less than a thickness of the thick glass substrate. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the thin glass substrate has a lower total iron content than does the thick glass substrate. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of mounting pads adhered to a surface of the thick glass substrate opposite the surface closest to the adhesive layer, the mounting pads used in mounting the mirror laminate to a supporting structure of the concentrating solar power apparatus. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein at least one of the mounting pads comprises glass-filled plastic. 7. A concentrating solar power apparatus including at least one mirror, the concentrating solar power apparatus comprising: a bent laminate mirror comprising a thick glass substrate having a thickness of at least 2.0 mm, a thin glass substrate having a thickness of from about 1.0 to 2.0 mm, and a mirror coating formed on the thin glass substrate, the thick glass substrate being thicker than the thin glass substrate, wherein the thin glass substrate has a lower total iron content and a higher visible light transmission than does the thick glass substrate; the thin glass substrate being laminated to the thick glass substrate with at least one adhesive layer so that the adhesive layer and the mirror coating are both located between the thin and thick glass substrates; and wherein the bent laminate mirror is substantially parabolic in shape and has a solar reflectance of at least 90%; wherein the adhesive layer is a polymer inclusive adhesive layer; and wherein the mirror coating comprises a nucleation layer comprising at least one of tin and palladium adjacent the thin glass substrate, a reflective layer comprising silver, and a passivation layer, wherein the passivation layer is in direct contact with the polymer inclusive adhesive layer of the laminate mirror, and wherein the passivation layer comprises one or more of copper, tin oxide, and/or silane(s). 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the mirror coating is removed from at least one peripheral edge of the thin glass substrate, and wherein the adhesive layer directly contacts both the thin and thick glass substrates in areas proximate the at least one peripheral edge from which the mirror coating is removed. 9. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the thin glass substrate has a total iron content of no more than 450 ppm and has a visible transmission of at least about 88%. 