A landscaping wall includes concrete blocks dry stacked to form a wall. At least one of the blocks has a channel in the lower or upper surface of the block. An accessory mounting bar having a mounting portion and an outer end is positioned in the channel of the at least one block. At least one of an accessory or an accessory holder on the outer end of the mounting bar extends beyond the front face of the at least one block.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A landscaping wall comprising: a plurality of concrete blocks each having an upper surface, a lower surface, side faces joining the upper and lower surfaces, a rear face and a front face, the blocks being dry stacked to form a wall with the upper and lower edges of the front faces of the blocks being horizontal, a channel formed in the lower or upper surface of at least one of the blocks, the channel having a length extending at least partially from the front face of the block toward the rear face of the block, the channel having a greatest cross-sectional height transverse to the length and measured from the surface in which the channel is formed in a direction toward the other of the lower or upper surface, the height being no greater than 1/2 inch and less than the length of the channel; an accessory mounting bar having a mounting portion and an outer end, the mounting portion having a cross section sized to permit the mounting portion of the bar to be positioned in the channel in the at least one block, the mounting portion having a length greater than the height of the channel; and at least one of an accessory or an accessory holder on the outer end of the bar extending beyond the front face of the at least one block. 2. The landscaping wall of claim 1 wherein the channel extends from the front face of the block and only partially to the rear face. 3. The landscaping wall of claim 1 wherein the channel extends only partially between the front face and rear face of the block; the at least one block having the channel including a removable section of the block between the channel and the front face. 4. The landscaping wall of claim 1 wherein the channel extends from the front face of the block completely to the rear face. 5. The landscaping wall of claim 1 wherein the channel extends perpendicular to the upper and lower edges of the front face in front elevation view. 6. The landscaping wall of claim 1 wherein the at least one of the accessory or accessory holder includes a display plate with written indicia. 7. The landscaping wall of claim 1 wherein the at least one of the accessory or accessory holder includes a shelf. 8. The landscaping wall of claim 1 wherein the at least one of the accessory or accessory holder includes a solar-powered light. 9. The landscaping wall of claim 1 wherein the at least one of the accessory or accessory holder holds one of a candle, a plant, or a cup. 10. The landscaping wall of claim 1 wherein the accessory mounting bar is straight and is free of bends. 11. The landscaping wall of claim 1 wherein the accessory mounting bar has at least one bend of greater than 70.degree. therein. 12. The landscaping wall of claim 1 wherein the front faces of at least some of the blocks are wider than the rear faces and at least some of the blocks are dry cast concrete blocks. 13. The landscaping wall of claim 1 wherein the front faces of at least some of the blocks are wider than the rear faces and at least some of the blocks are wet cast concrete blocks. 14. A method of constructing a landscaping wall; the method comprising: stacking a plurality of dry concrete blocks to form a wall, each of the blocks having an upper surface, a lower surface, side faces joining the upper and lower surfaces, a rear face and a front face, the wall having the upper and lower edges of the front faces of the blocks horizontal, the lower or upper surface of at least one of the blocks being formed with a channel having a length extending at least partially from the front face of the block toward the rear face of the block, the channel having a greatest cross-sectional height transverse to the length and measured from the surface in which the channel is formed in a direction toward the other of the lower or upper surface, the height being no greater than 1/2 inch and less than the length of the channel; and positioning a mounting portion of an accessory mounting bar in the channel in the at least one block so that an outer end of the bar having an accessory or an accessory holder extends beyond the front face of the at least one block, the mounting portion having a length greater than the height of the channel. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein the step of positioning includes sliding the mounting portion of the accessory mounting bar into the channel, the channel extending from the front face only partially to the rear face. 16. The method of claim 14 further including the step of removing a section of the at least one block between the channel and the front face and then sliding the mounting portion of the accessory mounting bar into the channel. 17. The method of claim 14 wherein the channel extends perpendicular to the upper and lower edges of the front face in front elevation view. 18. The method of claim 14 wherein the step of positioning includes sliding the mounting portion of the accessory mounting bar into the channel so that the outer end having one of (i) a display plate with written indicia; (ii) a shelf; or (iii) a solar powered light extends beyond the front face of the at least one block. 19. The method of claim 14 wherein the step of positioning includes sliding the mounting portion of the accessory mounting bar into the channel so that the outer end holding one of a candle, a plant, or a cup extends beyond the front face of the at least one block. 20. The method of claim 14 wherein the step of positioning includes placing the mounting portion of the accessory mounting bar in the channel and engaging an end flange of the mounting portion against the rear face of the at least one block. 21. The method of claim 14 wherein the step of positioning includes placing the mounting portion of the accessory mounting bar in the channel and engaging a stepped-portion of the mounting portion against a section of the at least one block between the channel and the front face. 