A system on a railroad hopper car for providing an indication, observable by a person located either proximate to or remote from the hopper car, of a condition of a lock arranged in operable combination with a mechanism on the hopper car for controlling discharge of material from the hopper car. The system includes electric circuitry and a sensor for providing a signal when each discharge mechanism lock on the railcar is in the locked condition and for producing another signal when each discharge mechanism lock on the railcar is in the unlocked condition. An illuminable indicator, mountable on a side of the railroad hopper car, is responsive to signals from the circuitry for displaying the condition of the discharge mechanism locks. A method for visually displaying a condition of a lock on a railroad hopper car as through use of illumination is also disclosed.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In combination with a railroad car with a hopper from which material can be discharged, a door movable between open and closed positions relative to a discharge opening defined by said hopper, a linkage mechanism connected to and for controlling movement of said door between the open and the closed positions and thereby controlling the discharge of material from said hopper, a lock including an over-center design connected to said door, with said lock being operable in either a locked condition, wherein said lock maintains the door in the closed position whereby inhibiting discharge of material from the hopper, and an unlocked condition, wherein said lock permits the door to be moved from the closed position toward the open position whereby permitting the discharge of material from the hopper, with said mechanism including a member movable in a predetermined path of travel as said lock moves between conditions, and a system for visually indicating the condition of said lock, said system comprising: an electrically powered illuminable indicator arranged on a side of the hopper for indicating whether said over-center lock is in said locked condition or said unlocked condition; and circuitry connected to said illuminable indicator, said circuitry including sensor technology for monitoring the condition of said over-center lock and for controlling the operation of said illuminable indicator as a result of signals from said sensor technology indicative of the condition of said over-center lock. 2. The system for visually indicating the condition of said lock according to claim 1, wherein the mechanism on said railroad car is operated by a driver to move the door between the closed position and the open position, and wherein the electric circuitry of said system for visually indicating the condition of said lock is powered for a preset time after said mechanism is operated by said driver to move the door relative to the discharge opening. 3. The system for visually indicating the condition of said lock according to claim 1, wherein said sensor technology includes a senor mounted on said railroad car for monitoring movement of the member of said mechanism relative to a predetermined position and for providing a signal to said illuminable indicator when the member of said mechanism moves relative to said predetermined position. 4. The system for visually indicating the condition of said lock according to claim 1, wherein a solar energy panel mounted on said car powers a battery connected to said illuminable indicator and the circuitry of said system for visually indicating the condition of said lock. 5. The system for visually indicating the condition of said lock according to claim 1, wherein said illuminable indicator includes a light operable in either of two modes for indicating whether said over-center lock is in said locked condition or said unlocked condition. 6. The system for visually indicating the condition of said lock according to claim 1, wherein said illuminable indicator includes two lights, with one light emitting illumination when said over-center lock is in said locked condition, and with a second light emitting illumination when said over-center lock in an unlocked condition. 7. The system for visually indicating the condition of said lock according to claim 6, wherein a first color is emitted by said illuminable indicator when said one light is illuminated, and wherein a second color, different from said first color, is emitted by said illuminable indicator when said second light is illuminated. 8. A system mounted on a railroad hopper car for providing a visual indication observable by a person located either proximate to or remote from the hopper car of a condition of a lock including an over-center design, with said lock being connected to a door on the hopper car used to control the discharge of material from said hopper car through a linkage mechanism, with said linkage mechanism including an element movable in a predetermined path of travel as the door on said hopper car is moved by said mechanism between a closed position and an open position, said system comprising: circuitry connected to an electrical power source and including a sensor for providing a first signal when said over-center lock is in a locked condition, wherein the door on said hopper car is maintained in the closed position, and for producing a second signal when said over-center lock is in an unlocked condition, wherein the door on said hopper car is permitted to be moved to the open position; and an illuminable indicator mounted to a side of the railroad hopper car and responsive to signals from said circuitry for displaying the condition of said lock viewable from a location proximate to said railroad hopper car or from a location remote from said railroad hopper car. 9. The system according to claim 8, wherein said sensor is mounted on said railroad car for monitoring movement of the element of said mechanism relative to a predetermined position and for providing a signal to said illuminable indicator when the element of said mechanism moves relative to said predetermined position. 10. The system according to claim 8, wherein the electrical power source connected to said electrical circuitry includes a solar energy panel mounted on said railroad car. 11. The system according to claim 8, wherein the mechanism on said railroad car is operated by a driver to move the door on said hopper car between the closed position and the open position, and wherein the electric circuitry of said system is powered for a preset time after said mechanism is operated by said driver to move the door on said hopper car. 12. A system mounted on a railroad hopper car for providing a visual indication observable by a person located either proximate to or remote from the hopper car of a condition of a lock arranged in operable combination with a mechanism on the hopper car used to control discharge of material from said hopper car, a door on said hopper car movable between a closed position and an open position, and with said mechanism including a member movable in a predetermined path of travel as said door moves between positions, said system comprising: circuitry connected to an electrical power source and including a sensor for providing a first signal when said lock is in the locked condition, wherein the door on said hopper car is maintained in the closed position, and for producing a second signal when said lock is in an unlocked condition, wherein the door on said hopper car is permitted to be moved to the open position; an illuminable indicator mounted to a side of the railroad hopper car and responsive to signals from said circuitry for displaying the condition of said lock viewable from a location proximate to said railroad hopper car or from a location remote from said railroad hopper car; and logic circuitry for controlling said illuminable indicator to provide a visual indication of a fault with either said system or said lock or both. 13. The system according to claim 8, wherein said illuminable indicator includes a light operable in either of two modes for indicating whether said lock is in said locked condition or said unlocked condition. 14. The system according to claim 8, wherein said illuminable indicator includes two lights, with one light emitting illumination when said lock is in said locked condition, and with a second light emitting illumination when said lock in an unlocked condition. 15. The system according to claim 14, wherein a first color is emitted by said illuminable indicator when said one light is illuminated, and wherein a second color, different from said first color, is emitted by said illuminable indicator when said second light is illuminated. 16. A system mounted on a railroad hopper car for providing a visual indication observable by a person located either proximate to or remote from the hopper car of a condition of a lock including an over-center design connected to a door on the hopper car used for controlling discharge of material from said hopper car through a linkage mechanism, with said linkage mechanism including an element movable in a predetermined path of travel as the door on said hopper car is moved by said mechanism between a closed position and an open position, said system comprising: a sensor mounted on the hopper car for monitoring and detecting when said over-center lock is in the locked condition, wherein the door on said hopper car is maintained in the closed position, and for detecting when said over-center lock is in the unlocked condition, wherein the door on said hopper car is permitted to be moved to the open position; and an electronically powered display mounted to a side of the railroad hopper car and controlled by said sensor wherein, said sensor, upon detecting said over-center lock to be in said locked condition activates said display to visually indicate said over-center lock to be in the locked condition and upon detecting said lock to be in the unlocked condition activates said display to indicate said lock is in the unlocked condition. 17. The system according to claim 16, wherein said sensor is mounted on said railroad car for monitoring movement of the element of said mechanism relative to a predetermined position and for providing signals to said display when the element of said mechanism moves relative to said predetermined position. 18. The system according to claim 16 further including a solar energy panel mounted on said railroad car and connected to said sensor and said electronically powered display. 19. The system according to claim 16, wherein the mechanism on said railroad car is operated by a driver to operably move the door on said hopper car between the closed position and the open position, and wherein the electric circuitry of said system is powered for a preset time after said mechanism is operated by said driver to move the door on said hopper car. 20. A system mounted on a railroad hopper car for providing a visual indication observable by a person located either proximate to or remote from the hopper car of a condition of a lock arranged in operable combination with a mechanism on the hopper car for controlling discharge of material from said hopper car, a door mounted on said hopper car for movement between a closed position and an open position, said system comprising: a sensor mounted on the hopper car for monitoring and detecting when said lock is in the locked condition, wherein the door on said hopper car is maintained in the closed position, and for detecting when said lock is in the unlocked condition, wherein the door on said hopper car is permitted to be moved to the open position; an electronically powered display mounted to a side of the railroad hopper car and controlled by said sensor wherein, said sensor, upon detecting said lock to be in said locked condition activates said display to visually indicate said lock to be in the locked condition and upon detecting said lock to be in the unlocked condition activates said display to indicate said lock is in the unlocked condition; and logic circuitry for controlling said display to provide a visual indication of a fault with either said system or said lock or both. 21. The system according to claim 16, wherein said display includes a light operable in either of two modes for indicating whether said lock is in said locked condition or said unlocked condition. 22. The system according to claim 16, wherein said display includes two lights, with one light emitting illumination when said lock is in said locked condition, and with a second light emitting illumination when said lock in an unlocked condition. 23. The system according to claim 22, wherein a first color is emitted by said display when said one light is illuminated, and wherein a second color, different from said first color, is emitted by said display when said second light is illuminated. 24. A method for visually indicating a condition of a lock on a railroad hopper car having multiple sides to a person located either proximate to or remote from the railroad hopper car, with said lock including an over-center design and is connected to a door on the railroad hopper car through a linkage mechanism, with said door being movable relative to a discharge opening defined by the railroad hopper car between an open position and a closed position for controlling discharge of material from said hopper car, and with said linkage mechanism including an element movable between a first position and an second position in response to movement of said door between said closed position and said open position, said method comprising the steps of: sensing whether said over-center lock is in the locked condition, wherein the door on said hopper cars is maintained in the closed position, or in the unlocked condition, wherein permitting the door on said hopper car to be moved toward the open position; transmitting information relating to the condition of said lock; and displaying information relating to the condition of said lock with an illuminable indicator mounted to a side of said railroad hopper car. 25. The method according to claim 24, wherein the mechanism on said railroad car is operated by a driver to move the door on said hopper car between the closed position and the open position, and wherein the method further includes the step of: illuminating said indicator for a preset time after said mechanism is operated by said driver to move the door on said hopper car. 26. The method according to claim 24 further including the step of: providing electrical power to said illuminable indicator from a solar energy panel mounted on said railroad car. 27. The method according to claim 24 further including the step of: reading the information displayed by said illuminable indicator on the side of said railroad car. 28. The method according to claim 24 further including the step of: transmitting data to a location remote from said railroad hopper car based upon the condition of said lock. 29. A method for visually indicating a condition of a lock on a railroad hopper car having multiple sides to a person located either proximate to or remote from the railroad hopper car, with said lock being arranged in operable combination with a mechanism on the railroad hopper car for controlling discharge of material from said hopper car, a door on said hopper car movable between a closed position and an open position, and with said mechanism including a member movable in a predetermined path of travel as said door moves between positions, said method comprising the steps of: sensing whether said lock is in the locked condition, wherein the door on said hopper car maintained in the closed position, or in the unlocked condition, wherein permitting the door on said hopper car to be moved toward the open position; transmitting information relating to the condition of said lock; displaying information relating to the condition of said lock with an illuminable indicator mounted to a side of said railroad hopper car; and using logic circuitry to control said illuminable indicator in a manner displaying a fault with either said lock or said sensor. 30. The method according to claim 24, wherein said illuminable indicator includes a light operable in either of two modes for indicating whether said lock is in said locked condition or said unlocked condition. 31. The method according to claim 24, wherein said illuminable indicator includes two lights, with one light emitting illumination when said lock is in said locked condition, and with a second light emitting illumination when said lock in an unlocked condition. 32. The method according to claim 31, wherein a first color is emitted by said illuminable indicator when said one light is illuminated, and wherein a second color, different from said first color, is emitted by said illuminable indicator when said second light is illuminated. 