A solar energy collection system includes a primary solar receiver and a secondary solar receiver. The secondary solar receiver generates steam using energy from solar radiation incident thereon. The primary solar receiver receives the generated steam from the secondary solar receiver and superheats the steam using energy from solar radiation incident thereon. A plurality of heliostat-mounted mirrors reflects incident solar radiation onto one of the primary and secondary solar receivers. A controller aims a portion of the heliostat-mounted mirrors at the primary solar receiver such that a predetermined thermal profile is provided on a surface of the primary solar receiver.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for controlling a central solar concentrating energy system, comprising: calculating by one or more controllers an amount of energy directable by each of a plurality of heliostats onto each of a primary solar receiver and a secondary solar receiver located at different positions to generate first calculated data representing the amount of energy directable by said each of the plurality of heliostats; the primary solar receiver and secondary solar receiver each including heat exchangers configured to heat a working fluid to thereby power a generator; at a first time, aiming a first portion of the plurality of heliostats at the primary solar receiver responsively to said first calculated data; repeating the calculating by the one or more controllers at a second time to generate second calculated data; and at the second time, aiming a second portion of the plurality of heliostats different from said first portion at the primary solar receiver responsively to the second calculated data, wherein heliostats of said first and second portions are selected by the one or more controllers in response to a predetermined thermal profile for a surface of the primary solar receiver. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the predetermined thermal profile includes a predetermined temperature profile on the surface of the primary solar receiver. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the predetermined thermal profile includes a predetermined heat flux profile on the surface of the primary solar receiver. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the predetermined thermal profile includes a uniform solar heat flux on the surface of the primary solar receiver. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the primary solar receiver has a higher operating temperature than the secondary solar receiver. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the primary solar receiver has a higher operating temperature than the secondary solar receiver, the second portion is selected responsively to a calculation of a uniformity of temperature or energy flux on the surface of the primary solar receiver, and the aiming at the second time is responsive to the calculated uniformity. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the calculating by the one or more controllers at the second time is responsive to a feedback signal indicating a change in a thermal profile for the surface of the primary solar receiver. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the predetermined thermal profile includes a predefined temperature range profile. 9. The method of claim 1, further comprising, at the first time, aiming a third portion of the plurality of heliostats at the secondary solar receiver. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein, the second portion includes at least one heliostat from said third portion. 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising: after the second time, periodically repeating the calculating by the one or more controllers to generate new calculated data, and periodically aiming a new portion of the heliostats at the primary receiver responsively to the new calculated data, each new portion being selected by the one or more controllers based on the predetermined thermal profile for the surface of the primary solar receiver, wherein the selected new portion is different from the first portion at least one time. 12. A method for controlling a central solar concentrating energy system, comprising: calculating by one or more controllers respective amounts of energy able to be directed onto a surface of a primary solar receiver and onto a surface of a secondary solar receiver by each of a plurality of heliostats, the primary solar receiver being located at a different position from the secondary solar receiver; the secondary solar receiver being configured to generate steam using energy directed onto the secondary solar receiver surface, the primary solar receiver being configured to receive the generated steam from the secondary solar receiver and to superheat the steam using energy directed onto the primary solar receiver surface; at a first time, selecting by the one or more controllers a first portion of the plurality of heliostats and aiming the selected first portion at the primary solar receiver surface in response to the calculated respective amounts of energy; repeating the calculating by the one or more controllers at a second time; and at the second time, selecting by the one or more controllers a second portion of the plurality of heliostats and aiming the selected second portion at the primary solar receiver surface in response to the recalculated amounts of energy, at least some of the heliostats in the selected first portion being different from those in the selected second portion, wherein each selecting by the one or more controllers is based on a predetermined thermal profile for said surface of the primary solar receiver. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the predetermined thermal profile includes at least one of: a predetermined temperature profile on the surface of the primary solar receiver, a predetermined heat flux profile on the surface of the primary solar receiver, a uniform solar heat flux on the surface of the primary solar receiver, and a predefined temperature range profile on the surface of the primary solar receiver. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein the primary solar receiver has a higher operating temperature than the secondary solar receiver. 15. The method of claim 12, wherein the primary solar receiver has a higher operating temperature than the secondary solar receiver, the selecting by the one or more controllers at the second time includes determining by the one or more controllers a uniformity of temperature or energy flux on the surface of the primary solar receiver, and the aiming at the second time is responsive to the determining the uniformity. 16. The method of claim 12, wherein the repeating the calculating by the one or more controllers at the second time is responsive to a feedback signal indicating a change in a thermal profile for the surface of the primary solar receiver. 17. The method of claim 12, further comprising, at the first time, selecting by the one or more controllers a third portion of the plurality of heliostats and aiming the selected third portion at the secondary solar receiver. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein, at the second time, the selected second portion includes at least one heliostat from said third portion. 19. A method for controlling by the one or more controllers a central solar concentrating energy system, which has primary and secondary solar receivers, the primary solar receiver being spaced from and operating at a higher temperature than the secondary solar receiver, the method comprising: aiming a plurality of heliostats such that first ones of the plurality of heliostats are aimed at a surface of the primary solar receiver; monitoring the surface of the primary solar receiver with respect to a predetermined thermal profile; calculating by the one or more controllers respective amounts of energy that each of the plurality of heliostats is capable of directing at respective aiming points on the primary and secondary solar receivers; responsively to measured or predicted variations of the primary solar receiver surface from the predetermined thermal profile, re-aiming at least some of the plurality of heliostats based on the calculated amounts of energy such that the primary solar receiver surface conforms to the predetermined thermal profile. 20. The method according to claim 19, wherein at least one of the heliostats aimed at the primary solar receiver surface as a result of said re-aiming is not one of said first ones. 