A sundial for telling apparent solar time and clock time across a range of latitudes and longitudes. A solar dial is formed with an index point and a noon hour point. A plurality of concentric latitude indicia are centered at the index point and at least one map indicium is overlaid by the concentric latitude indicia where the map indicium has geographic latitudes corresponding with the concentric latitude indicia on the solar dial. The solar dial also includes a plurality of solar time indicia radiating generally outward from the index point drawn with respect to the noon hour point according to the hour line equation at each concentric latitude indicia intercept. An elongated gnomon projects from the index point, whereby the sun's shadow cast by the gnomon intersects the solar time indicia in relation to the concentric latitude indicia to provide a reading of apparent solar time for the user's location on the map indicium.
Claims What is claimed: 1. A sundial for providing apparent solar time, the sundial comprising: a. a substantially planar solar dial having: i. an index point and a noon hour point, a longitudinal axis being defined by a line between said index point and said noon hour point; ii. a plurality of concentric latitude indicia centered at said index point; iii. at least one latitude map indicium overlaid by said concentric latitude indicia, said latitude map indicium having geographic latitudes corresponding with said concentric latitude indicia on said solar dial; and iv. a plurality of solar time indicia overlaid on said plurality of concentric latitude indicia and said latitude map indicium and radiating generally outward from said index point so as to intercept said concentric latitude indicia; b. an elongated gnomon having a first end and a second end and when operatively positioned with respect to said solar dial, said first end being located at said index point; and c. a gnomon support element providing support for said second end of said gnomon at a variable angular offset above said solar dial, thereby defining a selective angle of said gnomon with respect to said solar dial; whereby the sun's shadow cast by said gnomon intersects said solar time indicia in relation to said concentric latitude indicia corresponding to the user's geographic location as found on said latitude map indicium to provide a reading of apparent solar time at the user's latitude. 2. The sundial according to claim 1, wherein said gnomon support element has at least one gnomon support map indicium thereon configured with geographic latitude lines and has a gnomon rest element adjustably securable thereto for supporting said second end of said gnomon. 3. The sundial according to claim 1, and further comprising: d. a substantially planar clock dial generally concentric with said solar dial and having on its face a 12 o'clock point and a plurality of clock time indicia located at predetermined angles; and e. retention means for retaining said clock dial in proximity to said solar dial while allowing said 12 o'clock point to be adjusted with respect to said noon hour point thereby enabling said solar time indicia to be offset from said clock time indicia; whereby the sun's shadow cast by said gnomon intersects said solar time indicia in relation to said concentric latitude indicia corresponding to the user's geographic location as found on said latitude map indicium shows the apparent solar time and by extension clock time at the user's latitude. 4. The sundial according to claim 3, and further comprising: f. a time zone map indicium having a plurality of longitude indicia; and g. a plurality of time zone meridian indicia; said retention means retaining said time zone map indicium in proximity to said plurality of time zone meridian indicia while allowing said time zone map indicium to be offset with respect to said plurality of time zone meridian indicia wherein offsetting any of said longitude indicia on said time zone map indicium relative to said plurality of time zone meridian indicia by an angle of geographic longitude as represented by said longitude indicia on said time zone map indicium results in an equivalent time offset between said noon hour point and said 12 o'clock point; whereby the sun's shadow cast by said gnomon intersects said solar time indicia in relation to said concentric latitude indicia corresponding to the user's geographic location as found on said latitude map indicium to provide a reading of the apparent solar time and by extension clock time at the user's latitude and longitude. 5. The sundial according to claim 4, and further comprising: h. means for correction of the equation of time comprising: i. an equation of time indicium comprising a time error graph representation and a calendar representation; and ii. equation of time adjustment means configured to retain said time zone map indicium in proximity to said plurality of time zone meridian indicia while allowing said time zone map indicium to be offset with respect to said plurality of time zone meridian indicia wherein offsetting any of said longitude indicia on said time zone map indicium relative to said plurality of time zone meridian indicia by an angle of geographic longitude as represented by said longitude indicia on said time zone map indicium results in an equivalent time offset between said noon hour point and said 12 o'clock point, while further allowing both said time zone map indicium and said plurality of time zone meridian indicia to be jointly adjusted relative to said equation of time indicium producing a further time offset between said noon hour point and said 12 o'clock point; whereby the sun's shadow cast by said gnomon intersects said solar time indicia in relation to said concentric latitude indicia corresponding to the user's geographic location as found on said latitude map indicium to provide a reading of the apparent solar time and by extension clock time at the user's latitude and longitude corrected for the equation of time. 6. The sundial according to claim 2 whereby adjustment of the angle of said gnomon with respect to said longitudinal axis to intercept the latitude where said sundial is located as found by reference to said gnomon support map indicia sets the angle of said gnomon substantially equal to the latitude of said location. 7. The sundial according to claim 1, and further comprising: i. a magnetic compass with means to align said longitudinal axis to magnetic north as indicated by said magnetic compass; whereby said sundial can be oriented to magnetic north by aligning said longitudinal axis to magnetic north as indicated on said magnetic compass. 8. The sundial according to claim 1, and further comprising: j. a magnetic compass; k. a magnetic compass declination map indicium; l. means to retain said magnetic compass in proximity to said magnetic compass declination map indicium; and m. means to align said longitudinal axis to true north as indicated by said magnetic compass in combination with said magnetic compass declination map indicium; whereby said sundial can be oriented to true north by aligning said longitudinal axis to magnetic north as indicated on said magnetic compass, and correcting the alignment to true north by reference to said magnetic compass declination map indicium. 9. The sundial according to claim 1, and further comprising: n. at least one spirit level; and o. leveling means; whereby said sundial is configured to be oriented to the earth's horizon by operating said leveling means with reference to said spirit level. 10. The sundial according to claim 1, and further comprising: p. means for detachably mounting said gnomon to said sundial and said gnomon support; and q. means for detachably mounting said gnomon support to said sundial; whereby said sundial is collapsible into a compact essentially planar form-factor. 11. The sundial according to claim 1, and further comprising: r. a token; whereby said token is placeable at the intersection of the sun's shadow cast by said gnomon on said solar time indicia in the proximity of the user's geographic location as found on said latitude map indicium to assist in reading said sundial. 12. A sundial for providing apparent solar time, the sundial comprising: a. a substantially planar solar dial having: i. an index point and a noon hour point, a longitudinal axis being defined by a line between said index point and said noon hour point; ii. a plurality of concentric latitude indicia centered at said index point, said plurality of concentric latitude indicia each being identified by latitude numeric indicia; and iii. a plurality of solar time indicia overlaid on said plurality of concentric latitude indicia and radiating generally outward from said index point so as to intercept said concentric latitude indicia; b. an elongated gnomon having a first end and a second end and when operatively positioned with respect to said solar dial, said first end being located at said index point; and c. a gnomon support element providing support for said second end of said gnomon at a variable angular offset above said solar dial, said gnomon support element being provided with a plurality of angular offset indicia substantially corresponding to said latitude numeric indicia, said gnomon support element being further provided with at least one gnomon support map indicium wherein the latitudes of geographic locations on said gnomon support map indicium are substantially the same as said angular offset indicia crossing said geographic locations; whereby the sun's shadow cast by said gnomon intersects said solar time indicia in relation to said concentric latitude indicia corresponding to the user's geographic location as found on said gnomon support map indicium to provide a reading of apparent solar time at the user's latitude. 13. The sundial according to claim 12, and further comprising: d. a substantially planar clock dial generally concentric with said solar dial and having on its face a 12 o'clock point and a plurality of clock time indicia located at predetermined angles; and e. retention means for retaining said clock dial in proximity to said solar dial while allowing said 12 o'clock point to be adjusted with respect to said noon hour point thereby enabling said solar time indicia to be offset from said clock time indicia; whereby the sun's shadow cast by said gnomon intersects said solar time indicia in relation to said concentric latitude indicia corresponding to the user's geographic location as found on said gnomon support map indicium to provide a reading of apparent solar time and by extension clock time at the user's latitude. 14. The sundial according to claim 13, and further comprising: f. a time zone map indicium having a plurality of longitude indicia; and g. a plurality of time zone meridian indicia; said retention means retaining said time zone map indicium in proximity to said plurality of time zone meridian indicia while allowing said time zone map indicium to be offset with respect to said plurality of time zone meridian indicia wherein offsetting any of said longitude indicia on said time zone map indicium relative to said plurality of time zone meridian indicia by an angle of geographic longitude as represented by said longitude indicia on said time zone map indicium results in an equivalent time offset between said noon hour point and said 12 o'clock point; whereby the sun's shadow cast by said gnomon intersects said solar time indicia in relation to said concentric latitude indicia corresponding to the user's geographic location as found on said gnomon support map indicium to provide a reading of the apparent solar time and by extension clock time at the user's latitude and longitude. 15. The sundial according to claim 14, and further comprising: h. means for correction of the equation of time comprising; i. an equation of time indicium comprising a time error graph representation and a calendar representation; and ii. equation of time adjustment means configured to retain said time zone map indicium in proximity to said plurality of time zone meridian indicia while allowing said time zone map indicium to be offset with respect to said time zone meridian indicia wherein offsetting any of said longitude indicia on said time zone map indicium relative to said plurality of time zone meridian indicia by an angle of geographic longitude as represented by said longitude indicia on said time zone map indicium results in an equivalent time offset between said noon hour point and said 12 o'clock point, while further allowing both said time zone map indicium and said plurality of time zone meridian indicia to be jointly adjusted relative to said equation of time indicium producing a further time offset between said noon hour point and said 12 o'clock point; whereby the sun's shadow cast by said gnomon intersects said solar time indicia in relation to said concentric latitude indicia corresponding to the user's geographic location as found on said gnomon support map indicium to provide a reading of the apparent solar time and by extension clock time at the user's latitude and longitude corrected for the equation of time. 16. The sundial according to claim 12, and further comprising: i. at least one latitude map indicium on said solar dial overlaid by said plurality of concentric latitude indicia wherein the latitudes of geographic locations on said latitude map indicium are substantially the same as those represented by said concentric latitude indicia crossing said geographic locations; whereby the sun's shadow cast by said gnomon intersects said solar time indicia in relation to said concentric latitude indicia corresponding to the user's geographic location as found on said latitude map indicium to provide a reading of apparent solar time at the user's latitude. 17. The sundial according to claim 12, and further comprising: j a magnetic compass with means to align said longitudinal axis to magnetic north as indicated by said magnetic compass; whereby said sundial can be oriented to magnetic north by aligning said longitudinal axis to magnetic north as indicated on said magnetic compass. 18. The sundial according to claim 12, and further comprising: k. a magnetic compass; l. a magnetic compass declination map indicium; m. means to retain said magnetic compass in proximity to said magnetic compass declination map indicium; and n. means to align said longitudinal axis to true north as indicated by said magnetic compass in combination with said magnetic compass declination map indicium; whereby said sundial can be oriented to true north by aligning said longitudinal axis to magnetic north as indicated on said magnetic compass and correcting the alignment to true north by reference to said magnetic compass declination map indicium. 19. The sundial according to claim 12, and further comprising: o. at least one spirit level; and p. leveling means; whereby said sundial is configured to be oriented to the earth's horizon by operating said leveling means with reference to said spirit level. 20. The sundial according to claim 12, and further comprising: q. means for detachably mounting said gnomon to said sundial and said gnomon support; and r. means for detachably mounting said gnomon support to said sundial; whereby said sundial is collapsible into a compact essentially planar form-factor. 21. The sundial according to claim 12, and further comprising: s. a token; whereby said token is placeable at the intersection of the sun's shadow cast by said gnomon on said solar time indicia in relation to said plurality of concentric latitude indicia in the proximity of the user's geographic location as found on said gnomon support map indicium to assist in reading the sundial. 22. A method for providing apparent solar time over a range of latitudes employing a sundial comprising a substantially planar solar dial having an index point and a noon hour point, a longitudinal axis being defined by a line between said index point and said noon hour point, a plurality of concentric latitude indicia centered at said index point, said plurality of concentric latitude indicia each being identified by latitude numeric indicia, at least one latitude map indicium overlaid by said concentric latitude indicium, said latitude map indicium having geographic latitudes corresponding with said concentric latitude indicia, and a plurality of solar time indicia overlaid on said concentric latitude indicia and said latitude map indicium and radiating generally outward from said index point so as to intercept said concentric latitude indicia; an elongated gnomon having a first end and a second end and when operatively positioned with respect to said solar dial, said first end being located at said index point; and a gnomon support element providing support for said second end of said gnomon at a selective location above said solar dial, said gnomon support having a plurality of angular offset indicia, said plurality of angular offset indicia being identified by angular offset indicia substantially corresponding to said latitude numeric indicia thereby defining a selective angle of said gnomon with respect to said solar dial, the method comprising: orienting said solar dial with respect to the earth's horizon and true north; angularly adjusting, with reference to the plurality of angular offset indicia as corresponding to said latitude map indicium and said latitude numeric indicia, said gnomon with respect to said longitudinal axis to the angle of the latitude where said sundial is located; observing the intersection of the sun's shadow cast by said gnomon on said solar time indicia in relation to said concentric latitude indicia at the proximity of the user's geographic location as found on said latitude map indicium; and reading the apparent solar time at the user's latitude. 23. A method for providing apparent solar time over a range of latitudes employing a sundial comprising a substantially planar solar dial having an index point, a noon hour point, a longitudinal axis defined by a line between said index point and said noon hour point, a plurality of concentric latitude indicia centered at said index point, said plurality of concentric latitude indicia each being identified by latitude numeric indicia, and a plurality of solar time indicia overlaid on said plurality of concentric latitude indicia and radiating generally outward from said index point so as to intercept said concentric latitude indicia; an elongated gnomon having a first end and a second end and when operatively positioned with respect to said solar dial, said first end being located at said index point; and a gnomon support element providing support for said second end of said gnomon at a selective location above said solar dial, said gnomon support element being provided with a plurality of angular offset indicia substantially corresponding to said latitude numeric indicia, said gnomon support element being further provided with at least one gnomon support map indicium wherein the latitudes of geographic locations on said gnomon support map indicium are substantially the same as said angular offset indicia crossing said geographic locations, the method comprising: orienting said solar dial with respect to the earth's horizon and true north; angularly adjusting, with reference to said gnomon support map indicium, said gnomon with respect to said longitudinal axis to the angle of the latitude where said sundial is located; observing the intersection of the sun's shadow cast by said gnomon on said solar time indicia in relation to said concentric latitude indicia at the proximity of the user's geographic location as found on said gnomon support map indicium; and reading the apparent solar time at the user's latitude. 