An exemplary LED lamp includes a central member, lamp bodies, a solar panel transforming solar power to electric energy, and a supporting member supporting the solar panel over the central member. Each lamp body includes a housing and an LED module received in the housing. The housings of the lamp bodies have bottoms thereof mounted around the central member and have tops thereof extending upwardly and outwardly from the central member. Each of the housings defines an opening facing away from the central member. Light generated by the LED modules projects out of the lamp bodies through the openings. The solar panel provides the electric energy to the LED modules.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An LED lamp comprising: a central member having a top end portion thereof tapering along a bottom-to-top direction to define a plurality of slantwise mounting surfaces on a circumferential periphery thereof; a plurality of lamp bodies each comprising a housing and an LED module received in the housing, the housings of the lamp bodies having bottoms thereof mounted to the mounting surfaces to surround the central member, and having tops thereof extending upwardly and outwardly from the mounting surfaces, the housing of each of the lamp bodies gradually expanding from bottom to top and defining an opening facing away from the central member, light generated by the LED modules projecting out of the lamp bodies through the openings; a solar panel, wherein the solar panel is located over the central member to provide electric energy for the LED modules; a supporting member secured to a top surface of the central member, wherein the supporting member comprises a bottom base, a shaft extending upwardly from the bottom base, and a supporting board engaged with a top of the shaft, the solar panel being supported by the supporting board; and a sleeve, wherein the sleeve has a top end thereof secured to the bottom of the central member, a bottom portion of the sleeve being for fittingly receiving a top end of a lamp pole therein. 2. The LED lamp of claim 1, wherein the housing of each of the lamp bodies has a spoon-shaped configuration. 3. The LED lamp of claim 1, wherein the solar panel shades the lamp bodies to prevent the lamp bodies from being damaged by sunlight. 4. The LED lamp of claim 1, wherein the bottom of the housing of each lamp body forms a mounting plate, the mounting plate being secured to a corresponding one of the mounting surfaces of the central member. 5. The LED lamp of claim 1, wherein each of the lamp bodies further comprises a heat sink received in the housing and an envelope covering the opening, the heat sink comprising a base and a plurality of fins extending from an inner surface of the base, the LED module being attached to an outer surface of the base opposite to the inner surface. 6. The LED lamp of claim 5, wherein the housing forms a plurality of securing posts at an inner wall of the top of the housing, the base of the heat sink having four corners abutting the securing posts, the fins being located between the inner wall of the housing and the base. 7. An LED lamp comprising: a central member; a plurality of lamp bodies each comprising a housing and an LED module received in the housing, the housings of the lamp bodies having bottoms thereof mounted around the central member and having tops thereof extending upwardly and outwardly from the central member, each of the housings defining an opening facing away from the central member, light generated by the LED modules projecting out of the lamp bodies through the openings; a solar panel transforming solar power to electric energy and providing the electric energy to the LED modules; a supporting member secured to a top surface of the central member for supporting the solar panel over the central member, wherein the supporting member comprises a bottom base, a shaft extending upwardly from the bottom base, and a supporting board engaged with a top of the shaft, the solar panel being supported by the supporting board; and a sleeve, wherein the sleeve has a top end thereof secured to a bottom of the central member, a bottom portion of the sleeve being for fittingly receiving a top end of a lamp pole therein. 8. The LED lamp of claim 7, wherein the housing of each of the lamp bodies gradually expands from bottom to top to form a spoon-shaped configuration. 9. The LED lamp of claim 7, wherein the solar panel shades the lamp bodies to prevent the lamp bodies from being damaged by sunlight. 10. The LED lamp of claim 7, wherein the central member has a top end portion thereof tapering from bottom to top to define a plurality of slantwise mounting surfaces, the bottoms of the housings being mounted to the mounting surfaces. 11. The LED lamp of claim 7, wherein each lamp body further comprises a heat sink received in the housing and an envelope covering the opening, the heat sink comprising a base and a plurality of fins extending from an inner surface of the base, the LED module being attached to an outer surface of the base opposite to the inner surface. 12. The LED lamp of claim 11, wherein the housing of each of the lamp bodies forms a plurality of securing posts at an inner wall of the top of the housing, the base of the heat sink having four corners abutting the securing posts, the fins being located between the inner wall of the housing and the base. 