A multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus is provided, including a first transparent substrate, a second transparent substrate opposite to the first transparent substrate, a photovoltaic electrochromic device on the first transparent substrate, and a chromogenic device between the first and the second transparent substrates. The photovoltaic electrochromic device includes thin-film solar cells and an electrochromic material on the thin-film solar cells. The thin-film solar cells have different potential differences, and each of the thin-film solar cells includes an anode, a photoelectric conversion layer, and a cathode. The chromogenic device includes two electrodes and a chromogenic material thereon. The cathodes of the thin-film solar cells, which have distinct potential differences, are connected to the first electrode and the second electrode of the chromogenic device respectively.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus, comprising: a first transparent substrate; a second transparent substrate disposed opposite to the first transparent substrate; at least a photovoltaic electrochromic device disposed on the first transparent substrate, wherein the photovoltaic electrochromic device comprises: at least one first thin-film solar cell and at least one second thin-film solar cell, wherein the first and the second thin-film solar cells have a distinct potential difference, each of the first and the second thin-film solar cells comprising a first anode, a photoelectric conversion layer, and a first cathode; and at least an electrochromic material disposed on the first and the second thin-film solar cells; and at least a chromogenic device disposed between the first transparent substrate and the second transparent substrate, wherein the chromogenic device comprises: a first electrode and a second electrode; and at least a chromogenic material disposed on the first electrode and the second electrode, wherein the first cathodes of the first and the second thin-film solar cells, having the distinct potential difference, are connected to the first electrode and the second electrode of the chromogenic device respectively. 2. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the at least one first thin-film solar cell comprises a plurality of first thin-film solar cells and/or the at least one second thin-film solar cell comprises a plurality of second thin-film solar cells. 3. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 2, wherein the first thin-film solar cells or the second thin-film solar cells are connected in series. 4. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the first electrode and the second electrode are both disposed on the first transparent substrate, the first electrode and the second electrode are both disposed on the second transparent substrate, or the first electrode and the second electrode are respectively disposed on the second transparent substrate and the first transparent substrate. 5. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the first electrode and the second electrode have different patterned structures. 6. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the first and the second thin-film solar cells are arranged in arrays or in stripes. 7. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the electrochromic material of the photovoltaic electrochromic device or the chromogenic material of the chromogenic device comprises a electrochromic solution disposed between the first transparent substrate and the second transparent substrate. 8. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 7, wherein the electrochromic solution comprises a redox-type organic electrochromic material. 9. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 7, wherein the electrochromic solution further comprises an electrolyte. 10. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 9, wherein the electrolyte comprises alkali metal salt, polymer and solvent. 11. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the electrochromic material of the photovoltaic electrochromic device or the chromogenic material of the chromogenic device comprises an electrochromic thin film formed by deposition. 12. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 11, wherein a material of the electrochromic thin film comprises conducting polymer, transition metal oxide, transition metal or Prussian blue. 13. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 11, wherein the photovoltaic electrochromic device or the chromogenic device further comprises a solid electrolyte in contact with the electrochromic thin film. 14. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the chromogenic material of the chromogenic device comprises a thermochromic material. 15. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 14, wherein the thermochromic material comprises Fe.sub.3O.sub.4, VO.sub.2, V.sub.2O.sub.5, NbO.sub.2 or Ti.sub.2O.sub.3. 16. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the first and the second thin-film solar cells comprise silicon thin-film solar cells, CIGS thin-film solar cells, or CdTe thin-film solar cells. 17. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the first or the second transparent substrate comprises glass, plastic, or a flexible substrate. 18. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a plurality of passivation layers respectively disposed on a sidewall of each photoelectric conversion layer of the first and the second thin-film solar cells. 19. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a reflective film disposed on a surface of the second transparent substrate. 20. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising: an output switch layout connected with the first and the second thin-film solar cells; and a DC/AC inverter connected with the output switch layout to convert a current generated by the first and the second thin-film solar cells into electricity. 21. The multicolor photovoltaic electrochromic apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a thin-film transistor connected with the first anode and the first cathode of each of the first and the second thin-film solar cells to individually control On/Off of each of the first and the second thin-film solar cells and an external circuit. 