A power generation system has at least one wheel. A trailing arm is pivotably coupled to an undercarriage of a vehicle for converting rotational energy generated by the at least one wheel to electrical energy. A transformer is coupled to the trailing arm. An electric refrigeration unit is coupled to the transformer.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electrical power generation apparatus, attachable to a vehicle having a refrigeration unit and an underside, the apparatus comprising: (a) a coupling device attachable to the underside; (b) a trailing arm comprising: (i) a first end pivotably coupled to the coupling device so that the trailing arm can pivot both vertically and laterally, and (ii) a second end coupled to at least one free-rotating wheel; (c) an air bag coupled to the vertically pivotable and laterally pivotable trailing arm, at a position between the first end and second end, and between the trailing arm and the underside, so that, when the air bag is inflated, the second end of the trailing arm is pivoted downward and the at least one free-rotating wheel is pressed against a road surface; (d) a generator mechanically coupled to and driven by the at least one free-rotating wheel and electrically coupleable to the refrigeration unit; and (e) a position sensor coupled to the trailing arm. 2. The electrical power generation apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a rechargeable battery pack electrically coupled the generator and electrically coupleable the refrigeration unit, wherein the generator is electrically coupleable to the refrigeration unit through the rechargeable battery pack. 3. The electrical power generation apparatus of claim 2, further comprising at least one auxiliary power source electrically coupled to the rechargeable battery pack. 4. The electrical power generation apparatus of claim 3, further comprising a charging dock electrically coupled between the at least one auxiliary power source and the rechargeable battery pack. 5. The electrical power generation apparatus of claim 3, wherein the at least one auxiliary power source comprises an auxiliary power line electrically coupleable to a stationary power source. 6. The electrical power generation apparatus of claim 3, wherein the at least one auxiliary power source comprises a solar panel. 7. The electrical power generation apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a transformer electrically coupled between the rechargeable battery pack and the generator. 8. The electrical power generation apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a torque limiter mechanically coupling the at least one free-rotating wheel and the generator, and structured to at least partially uncouple the at least one free-rotating wheel and the generator when torque exceeds a predetermined value. 9. The electrical power generation apparatus of claim 8, wherein the torque limiter comprises a soft starter. 10. The electrical power generation apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an auxiliary power take-off mechanically coupled to and driven by the free-rotating wheel, whereby rotational energy from the at least one free-rotating wheel is made available to a component coupled to the vehicle other than the generator. 11. The electrical power generation apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: (i) a differential mechanically coupled to the at least one free-rotating wheel; (ii) a drive shaft mechanically coupled to the differential; and (iii) a transmission comprising a first end mechanically coupled to the drive shaft and a second end mechanically coupled to the generator; (iv) wherein the generator is mechanically coupled to and driven by the at least one free-rotating wheel through the mechanical couplings among the differential, drive shaft, and transmission. 12. The electrical power generation apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: (i) a rechargeable battery pack electrically coupled to the generator and electrically coupleable to the refrigeration unit; (ii) a power management controller electrically coupled to the battery pack and the generator, and electrically coupleable to the refrigeration unit; (iii) wherein the power management controller is configured: (1) to cause the refrigeration unit to draw electrical energy from the generator, (2) to cause the generator to charge the rechargeable battery pack, and (3) in response to detecting the rate of electrical energy supplied by the generator decreasing below a predetermined threshold, to cause the refrigeration unit to draw electrical energy from the rechargeable battery pack. 13. The electrical power generation apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an electric motor electrically coupled to the generator and mechanically coupleable to the refrigeration unit. 14. The electrical power generation apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a transformer electrically coupled to the generator and electrically coupleable to the refrigeration unit. 15. A method of retrofitting a vehicle having a fuel-powered engine that generates electrical energy for a refrigerator unit mounted on the vehicle, the method comprising: (a) removing the fuel-powered engine; (b) mounting a generator on the vehicle; (c) mounting, to an underside of the vehicle, a trailing arm assembly by mounting a coupling device to the underside of the vehicle, wherein the trailing arm assembly comprises: (i) a trailing arm; (ii) the coupling device, which is pivotably coupled to a first end of the trailing arm so that the trailing arm can pivot both vertically and laterally; (iii) a position sensor coupled to the trailing arm; and (iv) an air bag; (d) mechanically coupling the generator and a free-rotating wheel mounted under the vehicle and coupled to a second end of the trailing arm, which wheel is positioned to rotationally contact a road surface at least at some times when the vehicle is in operation; (e) mounting a rechargeable battery pack on the vehicle; (f) electrically coupling the generator to the rechargeable battery pack, whereby the rechargeable battery pack stores electrical energy produced by the generator when the wheel rotates against the road surface; and (g) electrically coupling the rechargeable battery pack to the refrigerator unit, whereby the rechargeable battery pack supplies electrical energy to the refrigerator unit; (h) wherein the air bag is coupled to and positioned on a top side of the trailing arm at a place between the first end and the second end of the trailing arm, such that, when the trailing arm assembly is mounted to the underside of the vehicle, the air bag is positioned between the trailing arm and the underside of the vehicle and, when inflated, the air bag causes the second end of the trailing arm to pivot downward and press the wheel against the road surface. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising: (i) mounting a solar panel on the refrigerated vehicle; and (ii) electrically coupling the solar panel to the rechargeable battery pack, whereby the solar panel charges the rechargeable battery pack. 17. The method of claim 15, further comprising mechanically coupling an auxiliary power take-off to the free-rotating wheel, whereby rotational energy from the wheel is made available to a component coupled to the vehicle other than the generator. 