A hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus comprising a frame and a rotor assembly rotatably connected to the frame is provided. A drive mechanism is rigidly attached on the rotor assembly and is in engageable communication with an adjacent drive mechanism of an adjacent rotor assembly for rotating the adjacent rotor assembly. One or more solar devices, rigidly attached to the rotor assembly, produce electrical energy. A motor is electrically connected to the solar devices and rotates the rotor assembly about a horizontal axis of the frame on receiving the electrical energy produced by the solar devices. An electrical generator, in engageable communication with the rotor assembly via the drive mechanism, converts mechanical energy produced by the rotation of the rotor assembly to electrical energy. The rotation of the rotor assembly removes light attenuating particles from the solar devices housed on the rotor assembly, thereby increasing efficiency of the solar devices.
Claims We claim: 1. A hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus, comprising: a frame comprising a vertical tower and a stationary axle perpendicularly connected to said vertical tower, wherein a first end of said stationary axle is rigidly connected to said vertical tower; a rotor assembly rotatably connected to a second end of said stationary axle of said frame, wherein said rotor assembly comprises: a central rotatable element rotatably connected to said second end of said stationary axle of said frame, wherein said central rotatable element protrudes outwardly to face sunlight; and a plurality of blades rigidly connected to a periphery of said central rotatable element, wherein said blades extend radially from said central rotatable element, wherein said rotor assembly rotates in response to a force of wind on said blades; a drive mechanism rigidly attached to and encircling said blades of said rotor assembly, wherein said drive mechanism is in engageable communication with an adjacent said drive mechanism rigidly attached to an adjacent said rotor assembly, wherein said rotation of said rotor assembly causes rotation of said adjacent rotor assembly via said drive mechanism; one or more solar devices rigidly attached to said central rotatable element of said rotor assembly, wherein said one or more solar devices are exposed to said sunlight and convert solar energy of said sunlight into electrical energy; a motor having a body and a shaft, wherein said motor is electrically connected to said one or more solar devices, and said body of said motor is rigidly connected to said central rotatable element of said rotor assembly, and wherein said shaft of said motor extends from said body of said motor and is rigidly connected to said stationary axle of said frame, wherein said body of said motor is rotatable about said shaft of said motor, and wherein said motor rotates said rotor assembly about a horizontal axis of said stationary axle of said frame on receiving said electrical energy produced by said one or more solar devices; and an electrical generator connected proximal to said rotor assembly and in engageable communication with said rotor assembly via said drive mechanism, wherein said electrical generator converts mechanical energy produced by said rotation of said rotor assembly to electrical energy; whereby said hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus produces energy and prevents build up of light attenuating particles on said one or more solar devices rigidly attached to said rotor assembly by said rotation of said rotor assembly. 2. The hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus of claim 1, wherein said rotor assembly is rotatably connected to said second end of said stationary axle of said frame via one or more bearings. 3. The hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus of claim 1, wherein said rotation of said rotor assembly removes said light attenuating particles from said one or more solar devices rigidly attached to said central rotatable element of said rotor assembly. 4. The hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus of claim 1, wherein said drive mechanism is one of a gear ring and a friction wheel. 5. The hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus of claim 1, further comprising one or more energy storage devices in electric communication with said one or more solar devices on said central rotatable element of said rotor assembly and said electrical generator, wherein said one or more energy storage devices store said electrical energy produced by said one or more solar devices and said electrical generator. 6. The hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus of claim 5, further comprising one or more slip rings connected to and in electric communication with said one or more solar devices to allow a continuous transfer of said electrical energy from said one or more solar devices to said one or more energy storage devices, wherein said one or more slip rings are disposed on said stationary axle of said frame. 7. The hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus of claim 5, wherein said electrical energy stored in one of said one or more energy storage devices powers said motor for rotating said rotor assembly, and wherein said electrical energy stored in another one of said one or more energy storage devices is transferred to one or more external energy stations. 8. The hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a switch in electric communication with said one or more solar devices, said motor, and one or more energy storage devices, wherein said switch is configured to transfer said electrical energy produced by said one or more solar devices to one or more of said motor and said one or more energy storage devices. 9. The hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus of claim 8, wherein said switch electrically disconnects said one or more solar devices from said motor and transfers said electrical energy produced by said one or more solar devices to said one or more energy storage devices, wherein said rotation of said rotor assembly is caused by said force of wind on said blades of said rotor assembly after said electrical disconnection. 10. The hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus of claim 1, wherein said central rotatable element of said rotor assembly is configured in one of a plurality of profiles for housing said one or more solar devices to enable said one or more solar devices to receive said solar energy from a plurality of directions, wherein said profiles comprise a dome profile, a semi-spherical profile, a conical profile, a flat-ended profile, a trapezoidal profile, a pyramidal profile, and any combination thereof. 11. The hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a weatherproof seal that encapsulates said one or more solar devices on said central rotatable element of said rotor assembly for protecting said one or more solar devices from water and weather conditions. 12. The hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus of claim 1, further comprising one or more wind sensors disposed on one or more of said blades of said rotor assembly for monitoring data of said force of wind. 13. The hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus of claim 1, wherein said one or more solar devices are configured as plates spaced apart at predetermined distances on opposing sides of said rotor assembly for increasing exposure of said one or more solar devices to said sunlight, wherein said one or more solar devices are rigidly connected to and disposed on an extended stationary axle of said frame. 14. The hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus of claim 1, further comprising one or more diodes in electric communication with said one or more solar devices, said electrical generator, and one or more energy storage devices, for blocking reverse flow of electrical energy from said one or more energy storage devices to said one or more solar devices and said electrical generator. 15. The hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a control unit in electric communication with said one or more solar devices, said electrical generator, and one or more energy storage devices for monitoring amount of electrical energy produced by said one or more solar devices and said electrical generator, and stored in said one or more energy storage devices, wherein said control unit commands one or more adjustable energy sources to conduct electrical energy from one of said one or more solar devices and said one or more energy storage devices to said motor for powering said motor. 16. The hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus of claim 1, wherein said central rotatable element that houses said one or more solar devices is disposed on opposing sides of said rotor assembly for increasing exposure of said one or more solar devices to said sunlight. 17. A method for producing energy, comprising: providing a hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus comprising: a frame comprising a vertical tower and a stationary axle perpendicularly connected to said vertical tower, wherein a first end of said stationary axle is rigidly connected to said vertical tower; a rotor assembly rotatably connected to a second end of said stationary axle of said frame, wherein said rotor assembly comprises: a central rotatable element rotatably connected to said second end of said stationary axle of said frame, wherein said central rotatable element protrudes outwardly to face sunlight; and a plurality of blades rigidly connected to a periphery of said central rotatable element, wherein said blades extend radially from said central rotatable element, wherein said rotor assembly rotates in response to a force of wind on said blades; a drive mechanism rigidly attached to and encircling said blades of said rotor assembly, wherein said drive mechanism is in engageable communication with an adjacent said drive mechanism rigidly attached to an adjacent said rotor assembly; one or more solar devices rigidly attached to said central rotatable element of said rotor assembly, wherein said one or more solar devices are exposed to said sunlight; a motor having a body and a shaft, wherein said motor is electrically connected to said one or more solar devices, and said body of said motor is rigidly connected to said central rotatable element of said rotor assembly, and wherein said shaft of said motor extends from said body of said motor and is rigidly connected to said stationary axle of said frame, wherein said body of said motor is rotatable about said shaft of said motor; and an electrical generator connected proximal to said rotor assembly and in engageable communication with said rotor assembly via said drive mechanism; capturing solar energy from said sunlight by said one or more solar devices and converting said captured solar energy into electrical energy, wherein said electrical energy powers said motor; rotating said motor about said shaft on conversion of said electrical energy produced by said one or more solar devices into mechanical energy by said motor; rotating said rotor assembly about said horizontal axis of said stationary axle of said frame by said rigidly connected motor and said force of wind on said blades of said rotor assembly, wherein said rotation of said rotor assembly causes rotation of said adjacent rotor assembly via said engageable communication between said rotor assembly and said adjacent rotor assembly; and rotating said electrical generator by said rotation of said rotor assembly and said adjacent rotor assembly via one of said drive mechanism and said adjacent drive mechanism respectively, wherein said electrical generator converts mechanical energy produced by said rotation of said rotor assembly and said adjacent rotor assembly into electrical energy; whereby said energy is produced by said hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising storing said electrical energy produced by said one or more solar devices and said electrical generator in one or more energy storage devices, wherein said one or more energy storage devices are in electric communication with said one or more solar devices on said central rotatable element of said rotor assembly and said electrical generator. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein said hybrid horizontal axis energy apparatus further comprises one or more slip rings connected to and in electric communication with said one or more solar devices on said central rotatable element of said rotor assembly to allow a continuous transfer of said electrical energy from said one or more solar devices to one or more energy storage devices, wherein said one or more slip rings are disposed on said stationary axle of said frame. 