An energy harvesting circuit includes one or more broadband or narrow band antennas to detect WIFI (wireless fidelity) or other RF (radio frequency) signals. The signals are rectified and voltage multiplied, and the resultant DC voltage is provided to a power management circuit. The output of the power management circuit charges a lithium battery or other storage device within the energy harvesting circuit. The energy stored in the battery or storage device is provided through a DC/DC converter circuit to a USB output connector to power or recharge the batteries of an external electronic device connected to the USB output connector of the energy harvesting circuit.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An energy harvesting device, which comprises: at least one antenna for receiving a transmitted radio frequency (RF) signal, the at least one antenna converting the received RF signal to an RF electrical signal; at least one RF-to-DC rectifier circuit, the at least one RF-to-DC rectifier circuit being operatively connected to the at least one antenna and converting the RF electrical signal to a direct current (DC) voltage; a first storage device, the first storage device being operatively connected to the at least one RF-to-DC rectifier circuit and being provided with the DC voltage and being charged thereby; a microcontroller, the microcontroller having a first signal input operatively connected to the first storage device to monitor the DC voltage on the first storage device, the microcontroller generating a pulsed output signal if the DC voltage on the first storage device is above a first pre-determined voltage level; a first stage DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit, the first stage DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit being operatively connected to the first storage device and generating an output DC voltage which is greater than the DC voltage on the first storage device; a second stage DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit, the second stage DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit being operatively connected to the first stage DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit and generating an output DC voltage which is less than the output DC voltage generated by the first stage DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit; a second storage device, the second storage device being operatively connected to the second stage DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit and being provided with the output DC voltage generated by the second stage DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit and being charged thereby; a third stage DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit, the third stage DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit being operatively connected to the second storage device and generating an output DC voltage which is greater than the DC voltage on the second storage device; and an output connector, the output connector being operatively connected to the third stage DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit and providing the output DC voltage generated by the third stage DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit thereon, an electronic device being connectable to the output connector for receiving thereon the output DC voltage provided to the output connector. 2. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 1, which further comprises: an input connector, the input connector being operatively connected to the second stage DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit, the input connector being connectable to an external source of DC voltage for providing the DC voltage from the external source to the second stage DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit, the second stage DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit generating the output DC voltage of the second stage DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit in response to the DC voltage from the external source provided on the input connector. 3. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 1, wherein the first storage device includes a capacitor. 4. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 1, wherein the second storage device includes a battery. 5. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 1, wherein the microcontroller includes a second signal input operatively connected to the second storage device to monitor the DC voltage on the second storage device, the microcontroller not generating the pulsed output signal if the DC voltage on the second storage device is above a second predetermined voltage level. 6. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 1, which further comprises: an input connector, the input connector being connectable to a source of DC voltage external to the energy harvesting device, the DC voltage of the external source being provided to at least one of the second storage device and the output connector. 7. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 1, which further comprises: a solar cell circuit, the solar cell circuit receiving light energy and generating a solar cell DC output voltage in response thereto, the solar cell DC output voltage being provided to at least one of the second storage device and the output connector. 8. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 1, wherein the at least one antenna includes a plurality of antennas. 9. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 8, wherein each antenna of the plurality of antennas has a broadband bandwidth characteristic. 10. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 8, wherein each antenna of the plurality of antennas has a narrowband bandwidth characteristic. 11. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 1, which further comprises: a housing, the housing having a base defining an internal cavity, and a cover pivotally mounted on the base, the base having a top surface, the cover being pivotable between at least a closed position in which the cover is in close proximity to the base to at least partially cover the top surface, and an open position in which the cover is substantially perpendicular to the top surface of the base. 12. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 11, wherein the at least one antenna is mounted on the pivotable cover of the housing and being positionable in at least a first position in which the at least one antenna is in close proximity to the top surface of the base when the cover is in the closed position, and a second position in which the at least one antenna is in a raised position from the top surface of the base when the cover is in the open position. 13. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 11, which further comprises: a solar cell circuit, the solar cell circuit including a solar cell for receiving light energy, the solar cell circuit generating a solar cell DC output voltage in response to the light energy received by the solar cell, the solar cell being mounted on the top surface of the base and selectively covered and uncovered by the cover when the cover is respectively pivoted between the closed position and the open position. 14. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 1, which further comprises: a solar cell circuit, the solar cell circuit including a solar cell for receiving light energy, the solar cell circuit generating a solar cell DC output voltage in response to the light energy received by the solar cell; and a housing, the housing having a top surface, the solar cell being mounted on the top surface of the housing. 15. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 14, wherein the housing includes a base defining an internal cavity, and a cover mounted on the base, the top surface of the housing forming a portion of the base, the cover at least partially covering the top surface of the base and the solar cell mounted on the top surface. 16. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 15, wherein the cover is at least partially translucent to at least partially allow light energy to pass therethrough and to be received by the solar cell. 17. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 12, wherein the cover is at least partially translucent to at least partially allow light energy to pass therethrough and to be received by the solar cell when the cover is in the closed position. 18. An energy harvesting device, which comprises: a plurality of antennas for receiving a transmitted radio frequency (RF) signal, the antennas generating RF electrical signals in response to the transmitted RF signals received thereby; a plurality of multiplier and rectifier circuits, each multiplier and rectifier circuit being responsive to a respective RF electrical signal generated by an antenna of the plurality of antennas and generating a direct current (DC) voltage in response thereto, at least some of the DC voltages being stacked in series to provide a combined DC voltage, the combined DC voltage being greater in magnitude than each individual DC voltage generated by a respective multiplier and rectifier circuit; a temporary storage device, the temporary storage device being responsive to the combined DC voltage and providing a temporarily stored DC voltage in response thereto; a first power management circuit, the first power management circuit being responsive to the temporarily stored DC voltage and generating a DC charging voltage in response thereto; a main energy storage device, the main energy storage device being responsive to the DC charging voltage generated by the first power management circuit and providing a main energy storage DC voltage in response thereto; and an output connector, the output connector providing an output connector DC voltage thereon in response to the main energy storage DC voltage, an electronic device being connectable to the output connector for receiving thereon the output connector DC voltage provided on the output connector, wherein at least some of the DC voltages generated by the multiplier and rectifier circuits are coupled in series to provide group DC voltages, and wherein the group DC voltages are combined in parallel to define the combined DC voltage; wherein the plurality of antennas includes a first antenna, a second antenna, a third antenna and a fourth antenna, the first antenna generating a first RF electrical signal, the second antenna generating a second RF electrical signal, the third antenna generating a third RF electrical signal, the fourth antenna generating a fourth RF electrical signal; wherein the plurality of multiplier and rectifier circuits includes a first multiplier and rectifier circuit, a second multiplier and rectifier circuit, a third multiplier and rectifier circuit and a fourth multiplier and rectifier circuit, the first multiplier and rectifier circuit being responsive to the first RF electrical signal generated by the first antenna and generating a first multiplied and rectified DC voltage in response thereto, the second multiplier and rectifier circuit being responsive to the second RF electrical signal generated by the second antenna and generating a second multiplied and rectified DC voltage in response thereto, the third multiplier and rectifier circuit being responsive to the third RF electrical signal generated by the third antenna and generating a third multiplied and rectified DC voltage in response thereto, the fourth multiplier and rectifier circuit being responsive to the fourth RF electrical signal generated by the fourth antenna and generating a fourth multiplied and rectified DC voltage in response thereto; wherein the first multiplied and rectified DC voltage and the second multiplied and rectified DC voltage are coupled in series to define a first group DC voltage; wherein the third multiplied and rectified DC voltage and the fourth multiplied and rectified DC voltage are coupled in series to define a second group DC voltage; and wherein the first group DC voltage and the second group DC voltage are combined in parallel to define the combined DC voltage. 19. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 18, which further comprises: a jump start DC voltage device, the jump start DC voltage device providing a jump start DC voltage, the combined DC voltage including the at least some of the DC voltages generated by the plurality of multiplier and rectifier circuits stacked in series and the jump start DC voltage. 20. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 18, which further comprises: an input connector, the input connector being connectable to a source of DC voltage external to the energy harvesting device, the DC voltage of the external source being provided to at least one of the main energy storage device and the output connector. 21. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 18, which further comprises: a DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit, the DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit being responsive to the main energy storage DC voltage and generating an output DC voltage in response thereto, the output connector providing the output connector DC voltage in response to the output DC voltage generated by the DC-to-DC voltage converter circuit. 22. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 18, which further comprises: a watchdog monitor circuit, the watchdog monitor circuit being responsive to the temporarily stored DC voltage and selectively providing the temporarily stored DC voltage to the first power management circuit if the temporarily stored DC voltage is greater than a predetermined voltage threshold. 23. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 18, which further comprises: a solar cell circuit, the solar cell circuit receiving light energy and generating a solar cell DC output voltage in response thereto, the solar cell DC output voltage being provided to at least one of the main energy storage device and the output connector. 24. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 19, which further comprises: a solar cell circuit, the solar cell circuit receiving light energy and generating a solar cell DC output voltage in response thereto, the solar cell DC output voltage being provided to at least one of the main energy storage device, the output connector and the jump start DC voltage device. 25. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 18, which further comprises: a solar cell circuit, the solar cell circuit receiving light energy and generating a solar cell DC output voltage in response thereto; and a second power management circuit, the second power management circuit being responsive to the solar cell DC output voltage and generating a managed solar cell DC output voltage in response thereto, the managed solar cell DC output voltage being provided to at least one of the main energy storage device and the output connector. 26. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 19, which further comprises: a solar cell circuit, the solar cell circuit receiving light energy and generating a solar cell DC output voltage in response thereto; and a second power management circuit, the second power management circuit being responsive to the solar cell DC output voltage and generating a managed solar cell DC output voltage in response thereto, the managed solar cell DC output voltage being provided to at least one of the main energy storage device, the output connector and the jump start DC voltage device. 27. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 18, wherein each antenna of the plurality of antennas has a broadband bandwidth characteristic. 28. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 18, wherein each antenna of the plurality of antennas has a narrowband bandwidth characteristic. 29. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 18, which further comprises: a housing, the housing having a base defining an internal cavity, and a cover pivotally mounted on the base, the base having a top surface, the cover being pivotable between at least a closed position in which the cover is in close proximity to the base to at least partially cover the top surface, and an open position in which the cover is substantially perpendicular to the top surface of the base. 30. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 29, wherein the plurality of antennas is mounted on the pivotable cover of the housing and being positionable in at least a first position in which the plurality of antennas is in close proximity to the top surface of the base when the cover is in the closed position, and a second position in which the plurality of antennas is in a raised position from the top surface of the base when the cover is in the open position. 31. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 29, which further comprises: a solar cell circuit, the solar cell circuit including a solar cell for receiving light energy, the solar cell circuit generating a solar cell DC output voltage in response to the light energy received by the solar cell, the solar cell being mounted on the top surface of the base and selectively covered and uncovered by the cover when the cover is respectively pivoted between the closed position and the open position. 32. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 18, which further comprises: a solar cell circuit, the solar cell circuit including a solar cell for receiving light energy, the solar cell circuit generating a solar cell DC output voltage in response to the light energy received by the solar cell; and a housing, the housing having a top surface, the solar cell being mounted on the top surface of the housing. 33. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 32, wherein the housing includes a base defining an internal cavity, and a cover mounted on the base, the top surface of the housing forming a portion of the base, the cover at least partially covering the top surface of the base and the solar cell mounted on the top surface. 34. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 33, wherein the cover is at least partially translucent to at least partially allow light energy to pass therethrough and to be received by the solar cell. 35. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 30, wherein the cover is at least partially translucent to at least partially allow light energy to pass therethrough and to be received by the solar cell when the cover is in the closed position. 36. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 18, wherein the temporary storage device includes a capacitor. 37. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 18, wherein the main energy storage device includes a battery. 38. An energy harvesting device as defined by claim 19, wherein the jump start DC voltage device includes a battery. 39. A method of harvesting energy, which comprises the steps of: receiving a transmitted radio frequency (RF) signal to provide a received RF signal; converting the received RF signal to an RF electrical signal; converting the RF electrical signal to a direct current (DC) voltage; temporarily storing the DC voltage to provide a temporarily stored DC voltage; monitoring the temporarily stored DC voltage and generating a pulsed output signal if the temporarily stored DC voltage is above a first predetermined voltage level; converting the temporarily stored DC voltage to a first converted DC voltage which is greater than the temporarily stored DC voltage; converting the first converted DC voltage to a second converted DC voltage which is less than the first converted DC voltage; storing the second converted DC voltage to provide a stored second converted DC voltage; converting the stored second converted DC voltage to a third converted DC voltage which is greater than the stored second converted DC voltage; and providing the third converted DC voltage to an output connector, an electronic device being connectable to the output connector for receiving thereon the third converted DC voltage provided to the output connector. 40. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 39, which further comprises the step of: connecting a source of external DC voltage to an input connector, the input connector receiving the external DC voltage, the first converted DC voltage being at least partially defined by the external DC voltage. 41. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 39, wherein the step of temporarily storing the DC voltage is at least partially performed by using a capacitor. 42. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 39, wherein the step of storing the second converted DC voltage is at least partially performed by using a battery. 43. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 39, which further comprises the step of: monitoring the stored second converted DC voltage and not generating the pulsed output signal if the stored second converted DC voltage is above a second predetermined voltage level. 44. A method of harvesting energy, which comprises the steps of: receiving by a plurality of antennas a transmitted radio frequency (RF) signal and generating RF electrical signals in response to the transmitted RF signals received by the plurality of antennas; multiplying and rectifying the RF electrical signals generated by the plurality of antennas and generating a plurality of direct current (DC) voltages in response thereto; combining in series at least some of the DC voltages to provide a combined DC voltage, the combined DC voltage being greater in magnitude than each individual DC voltage; temporarily storing the combined DC voltage thereby providing a temporarily stored DC voltage; monitoring the temporarily stored DC voltage and generating a pulsed output signal if the temporarily stored DC voltage is above a first predetermined voltage level; converting the temporarily stored DC voltage to a first converted DC voltage which is greater than the temporarily stored DC voltage; converting the first converted DC voltage to a second converted DC voltage which is less than the first converted DC voltage; storing the second converted DC voltage to provide a stored second converted DC voltage; converting the stored second converted DC voltage to a third converted DC voltage which is greater than the stored second converted DC voltage; and providing the third converted DC voltage to an output connector, an electronic device being connectable to the output connector for receiving thereon the third converted DC voltage provided to the output connector. 45. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 44, which further comprises the step of: generating a jump start DC voltage, the combined DC voltage including the at least some of the DC voltages generated by the multiplying and rectifying step connected in series and the jump start DC voltage. 46. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 44, which further comprises the step of: connecting an external DC voltage to an input connector, at least one of the stored DC charging voltage and the output connector DC voltage being defined at least partially by the external DC voltage. 47. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 44, which further comprises the step of: converting the stored DC charging voltage to the output connector DC voltage provided on the output connector. 48. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 44, which further comprises the step of: monitoring the temporarily stored DC voltage and selectively generating the DC charging voltage if the temporarily stored DC voltage is greater than a predetermined voltage threshold. 49. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 44, which further comprises the step of: receiving light energy by a solar cell circuit and generating a solar cell DC output voltage in response thereto, at least one of the stored DC charging voltage and the output connector DC voltage provided on the output connector being defined at least partially by the solar cell DC output voltage. 50. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 45, which further comprises the step of: receiving light energy by a solar cell circuit and generating a solar cell DC output voltage in response thereto, the at least one of the stored DC charging voltage, the output connector DC voltage provided on the output connector and the jump start DC voltage being defined at least partially by the solar cell DC output voltage. 51. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 44, which further comprises the steps of: coupling in series at least some of the DC voltages generated by the multiplying and rectifying step to provide group DC voltages; and combining the group DC voltages in parallel to define the combined DC voltage. 52. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 44, wherein each antenna of the plurality of antennas has a broadband bandwidth characteristic. 53. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 44, wherein each antenna of the plurality of antennas has a narrowband bandwidth characteristic. 54. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 44, which further comprises the steps of: adjustably positioning the plurality of antennas between a first position and a second position, wherein the plurality of antennas exhibits better signal reception characteristics to receive a transmitted RF signal when in the first position than when in the second position. 55. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 49, which further comprises the step of: mounting the plurality of antennas and at least a portion of the solar cell circuit to a housing, the housing having a base defining an internal cavity, and a cover pivotally mounted on the base, the base having a top surface, the cover being pivotable between at least a closed position in which the cover is in close proximity to the base to at least partially cover the top surface, and an open position in which the cover is substantially perpendicular to the top surface of the base, the plurality of antennas being mounted on the pivotable cover of the housing and being positionable in at least a first position in which the plurality of antennas is in close proximity to the top surface of the base when the cover is in the closed position, and a second position in which the plurality of antennas is in a raised position from the top surface of the base when the cover is in the open position, the at least portion of the solar cell circuit being mounted on the top surface of the base and selectively covered and uncovered by the cover when the cover is respectively pivoted between the closed position and the open position. 56. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 55, wherein the cover is at least partially translucent to at least partially allow light energy to pass therethrough and to be received by the at least portion of the solar cell circuit. 57. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 44, wherein the step of temporarily storing the combined DC voltage is at least partially performed by using a capacitor. 58. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 44, wherein the step of storing the DC charging voltage is at least partially performed by using a battery. 59. A method of harvesting energy as defined by claim 45, wherein the step of generating a jump start DC voltage is at least partially performed by using a battery. 