An embodiment of a light powered transmitter configured for broadcasting an electromagnetic control field to a region is provided. The transmitter includes a housing having a longitudinal axis. The housing includes a photovoltaic cell configured to generate electrical power in response to light and a rechargeable power source configured to store at least a portion of the power generated by the photovoltaic cell. The housing also includes an electromagnetic transmitter and a directional antenna. The directional antenna can be configured to broadcast an electromagnetic (e.g., radio-frequency) control field to a region. The directional antenna can be rotatably mounted in the housing such that the antenna can be rotated around the longitudinal axis. The housing can further include a transparent or translucent optical element configured to receive the light and converge at least a portion of the light onto the photovoltaic cell.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered transmitter configured to transmit a radio-frequency control signal to a region, the transmitter comprising: an elongated housing having a longitudinal axis, the elongated housing comprising a mount configured to permit the elongated housing to be rotated around a mount axis, the mount axis non-parallel to the longitudinal axis; a directional antenna disposed substantially along the longitudinal axis of the elongated housing, the directional antenna configured to be at least partially rotatable around the longitudinal axis; an antenna adjustment mechanism coupled to the directional antenna, the antenna adjustment mechanism configured to permit the directional antenna to be at least partially rotated around the longitudinal axis, the antenna adjustment mechanism accessible from outside the housing; a solar panel disposed in a solar panel housing portion of the elongated housing, the solar panel housing portion comprising an optical element that is substantially transparent to visible light and configured to transmit the visible light to the solar panel; a rechargeable power storage medium disposed in the housing, the rechargeable power storage medium configured to be recharged by the solar panel; and a radio-frequency transmitter disposed in the housing, the radio-frequency transmitter electrically coupled to the directional antenna in order to transmit the radio frequency control signal. 2. The solar powered transmitter of claim 1, wherein the elongated housing is substantially cylindrical. 3. The solar powered transmitter of claim 1, wherein the directional antenna comprises an array of antenna elements. 4. The solar powered transmitter of claim 1, wherein the directional antenna is configured to provide a radiation pattern comprising a main lobe, side lobes, and backlobes, with the side lobes at least 10 dB lower than the main lobe, the back lobes at least 30 dB lower than the main lobe. 5. The solar powered transmitter of claim 4, wherein the radiation pattern in a first direction has a 3 dB beamwidth less than about 24 degrees and a 3 dB beamwidth greater than about 45 degrees in a second direction, the second direction substantially perpendicular to the first direction. 6. The solar powered transmitter of claim 1, wherein the antenna adjustment mechanism comprises a post mechanically coupled to the antenna, the post accessible via an opening in the elongated housing such that the post can be manually rotated. 7. The solar powered transmitter of claim 6, wherein the post comprises a shaped recess configured to receive the correspondingly shaped end of a tool, the tool manually operable to rotate the post. 8. The solar powered transmitter of claim 1, wherein the solar panel comprises an array of photovoltaic cells. 9. The solar powered transmitter of claim 1, wherein the optical element comprises a lens. 10. The solar powered transmitter of claim 1, wherein the optical element has optical power and is configured to converge at least a portion of the transmitted visible light onto the solar panel. 11. The solar powered transmitter of claim 1, wherein the rechargeable power storage medium comprises one or more rechargeable batteries. 12. The solar powered transmitter of claim 1, wherein the radio-frequency control signal comprises a 2.4 GHz signal. 13. The solar powered transmitter of claim 1, further comprising a controller disposed in the elongated housing, the controller configured to control recharging of the rechargeable power storage medium. 14. The solar powered transmitter of claim 13, wherein the controller is further configured to use power from the solar panel that exceeds an amount for recharging the rechargeable power storage medium to provide power to the radio-frequency transmitter. 15. The solar powered transmitter of claim 1, wherein the mount comprises an elongated member comprising a recess configured to receive an end of a support post. 16. The solar powered transmitter of claim 15, wherein the mount is disposed on a lower surface of the elongated housing and the solar panel housing portion is disposed on an upper surface of the elongated housing. 17. The solar powered transmitter of claim 1, further comprising a display sign mounted to the elongated housing. 18. The solar powered transmitter of claim 17, wherein the display sign is configured to be adjustable over a range of angles relative to the longitudinal axis of the elongated housing. 19. The solar powered transmitter of claim 1, wherein the elongated housing is configured to be water-resistant. 20. A light powered transmitter configured for broadcasting an electromagnetic control field to a region, the light powered transmitter comprising: a housing having a longitudinal axis, the housing comprising: a photovoltaic cell configured to generate electrical power in response to light; a rechargeable power source electrically coupled to the photovoltaic cell, the rechargeable power source configured to store at least a portion of the power generated by the photovoltaic cell; an electromagnetic transmitter; and a directional antenna electrically coupled to the electromagnetic transmitter, the directional antenna configured to broadcast an electromagnetic control field to a region, the directional antenna rotatably mounted in the housing such that the antenna can be rotated around the longitudinal axis, wherein the housing further comprises a transparent or translucent optical element configured to receive the light and converge at least a portion of the light onto the photovoltaic cell. 21. The light powered transmitter of claim 20, wherein the rechargeable power source comprises one or more rechargeable batteries. 22. The light powered transmitter of claim 20, wherein the rechargeable power source comprises one or more ultracapacitors. 23. The light powered transmitter of claim 20, wherein the electromagnetic transmitter is configured to provide a radio-frequency signal to the directional antenna. 24. The light powered transmitter of claim 23, wherein the radio-frequency comprises 2.4 GHz. 25. The light powered transmitter of claim 20, wherein the directional antenna comprises an array of antenna elements. 26. The light powered transmitter of claim 20, wherein the housing further comprises a mount configured to allow the transmitter to be adjustably mounted to a structure. 27. The light powered transmitter of claim 20, further comprising a display sign adjustably mounted to the housing. 28. The light powered transmitter of claim 20, further comprising a turning mechanism mechanically coupled to the directional antenna, the turning mechanism accessible from outside the housing, the turning mechanism manually operable to at least partially rotate the antenna. 29. A solar powered transmitter for transmitting a radio-frequency signal, the solar powered transmitter comprising: means for transmitting a radio-frequency signal, the transmitting means comprising means for directionally radiating the radio-frequency signal; means for generating electrical power from sunlight; means for storing electrical power, the power storing means rechargeable by the power generating means; means for housing the signal transmitting means, the power generating means, and the power storing means, the housing means having a longitudinal axis, the housing means configured to allow the radiating means to rotate at least partially around the longitudinal axis, the power generating means disposed in the housing means so that the power generating means can receive the sunlight; and means for mounting the solar powered transmitter, the mounting means configured to allow the transmitter to be rotated around a mounting axis that is non-parallel to the longitudinal axis. 30. The solar powered transmitter of claim 29, wherein the radiating means comprises an antenna. 31. The solar powered transmitter of claim 29, wherein the power generating means comprises a photovoltaic cell. 32. The solar powered transmitter of claim 29, wherein the power storing means comprises a rechargeable battery. 33. The solar powered transmitter of claim 29, further comprising means for controlling the recharging of the power storing means. 34. The solar powered transmitter of claim 33, wherein the controlling means is further configured for operating the signal transmitting means. 35. The solar powered transmitter of claim 33, wherein the controlling means comprises a microprocessor. 