Land vehicle with electric brushless DC motors attached to planetary gear final drives of modular design controlled by an ECU "electronic control unit. Electrical power is supplied by removable modular battery packs on a roll out tray and/or an Enginator an ICE "Internal Combustion Engine" with a Generator in one integrated unit running on combustible fuel. The body of the vehicle having a universal electrical connector that connect the drive-by wire chassis components to control the vehicle.
Claims I claim: 1. A land vehicle comprising: a chassis, a body, at least one driven wheel of at least three wheels, direct current (DC) power storage, and one DC reversible field motor (DCRFM) controlled by an Electronic Control Unit (ECU) driving each said driven wheel in motor polarity and converting vehicle kinetic energy in a reverse field braking polarity into regenerated DC fed into said DC power storage; each said DCRFM possessing an internal permanent magnet rotor and external stator with field windings comprised of three winding wires with DC supplied thereto in motor polarity, and derived there from in braking polarity, through two of said three winding wires by said ECU in simulation of alternating current (AC) in motor polarity and dissimulation of AC into DC in reversed field braking polarity; each said DCRFM having an output shaft coupled through planetary gearing to one said driven wheel; wherein the DCRFM is positioned inward of the planetary gearing; whereby the need for a conventional drive train with central transmission splitting drive to two wheels is obviated and fully electric drive with regenerative braking is provided. 2. The land vehicle of claim 1 wherein said DC power storage is comprised of batteries. 3. The land vehicle of claim 1 wherein said body may be chosen from a plurality of different models each removably attachable to a standard chassis. 4. The land vehicle of claim 1 wherein said DC power storage is located within said chassis. 5. The land vehicle of claim 1 having a computer and sensors connected by low voltage DC circuitry (LVDCC) capable of monitoring operational parameters including level of DC power storage and indicate the same through LVDCC to at least one indicator. 6. The land vehicle of claim 1 further having an onboard DC source other than said DC power storage. 7. The land vehicle of claim 2 where said batteries are comprised of lead acid batteries. 8. The land vehicle of claim 2 further having an AC/DC converter enabling recharging of said batteries with an external AC supply source. 9. The land vehicle of claim 2 having said batteries located within said land vehicle upon roll out trays facilitating access thereto. 10. The land vehicle of claim 3 facilitating removal and attachment of one said body chosen from a plurality of different models with disconnection and connection, respectively, of a single multi-path electrical connector between said body and said standard chassis. 11. The land vehicle of claim 4 wherein said DC power storage is located within said chassis upon roll out trays facilitating access thereto. 12. The land vehicle of claim 5 wherein said operational parameters monitored by said computer and said sensors have predetermined normal ranges which when sensed to exceed said normal ranges trigger automatic alerts with signals sent from said computer through LVDCC to at least one alerting device. 13. The land vehicle of claim 12 wherein said alerting device is aural. 14. The land vehicle of claim 12 wherein said alerting device is visual. 15. The land vehicle of claim 12 further having a RF receiver triggered by sensing an operational parameter exceeding normal range and receptive of RF signals assisting in location of a proximate service station. 16. The land vehicle of claim 12 further having a RF transmitter triggered by sensing an operation parameter exceeding normal range and transmitting by RF signal to a proximate service station. 17. The land vehicle of claim 6 wherein said onboard DC source is comprised of a DC enginator: an internal combustion engine combined with a DC generator. 18. The land vehicle of claim 6 wherein said onboard DC source is comprised of a photovoltaic array carried by said body. 19. The land vehicle of claim 6 wherein said onboard DC source is comprised of a solar heat collector and gas driven DC generator. 20. The land vehicle of claim 6 wherein said onboard DC source is comprised of a tank of compressed gas and a gas driven DC generator. 21. The land vehicle of claim 6 wherein said onboard DC source is comprised of solid fuel Hydrogen Cell. 22. The land vehicle of claim 21 wherein said solid fuel is comprised of gallium (Ga) coated aluminum (Al) pellets. 