One embodiment of a continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades comprises of a general generator (150) and six sets of auxiliary blade sets (120) each propelled by a motor (130) of its own. Motors (130) are powered up by batteries, solar panels, or by a fraction of power generated by the generator (150). When motors (130) are powered, auxiliary blade sets (120) propel and create a force perpendicular to the extended arm (110B) to which it is mounted and resulting torque promotes rotary motion of the overall mounting device (110). A transmission device transfers the rotary motion of the mounting device (110) of auxiliary blade sets (120) and motors (130) to the shaft of generator (150A) and results in production of electricity. Clear advantages of this embodiment compared to current HAWT system includes: generation of electricity regardless of the amount of natural wind available and local weather condition, cheap and easy system to implement to improve on or replace existing wind farm, and increased accessibility to clean, green energy to meet growing demands for energy while protecting the environment.
Claims I claim: 1. A continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades, comprising: one or more auxiliary blade sets: a mounting device having a central shaft and one or more connecting parts radiating from the central shaft of the mounting device, the one or more connecting parts providing a rigid area of sufficient size for mounting the one or more auxiliary blade sets, each auxiliary blade set comprising one or more blades rotatably mounted to a shaft, such that a rotation of each of the auxiliary blade sets generates a force parallel to its respective shaft, each auxiliary blade set mounted to the one or more connecting parts by its respective shaft; and one or more motors connected to each auxiliary blade set and mounted on one of the connecting parts on a rear side of each auxiliary blade set, each motor having a motor shaft centrally aligned with a same axis of the shaft of its respective auxiliary blade set; and a generator connected to the central shaft of the mounting device and powered by the torque of the central shaft of the mounting device resulting in part from the force generated by the rotation of the one or more auxiliary blade sets. 2. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades according to claim 1, wherein the central shaft of the mounting device is fixed to a shaft of the generator and directly transfers the torque of the one or more auxiliary blade sets to the shaft of the generator. 3. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 1, further including a separate transmission component that transfers the torque of the central shaft of the mounting device to a shaft of the generator. 4. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 1, wherein at least one of the auxiliary blade sets is propelled by its respective motor. 5. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 1, wherein at least one of the motors is powered by a source selected from the group consisting of batteries, solar panels and a fraction of power generated by the generator. 6. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades according to claim 1, wherein two of the connecting parts radiating from the central shaft are placed at a different elevation from each other along the central shaft, such that an auxiliary blade set mounted on each of the two connecting parts resides at the different elevation from each other along the central shaft. 7. A continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades, comprising: a wind turbine, without a traditional tower, having a housing encapsulating a generator of the wind turbine, the housing being mounted directly on a horizontal base rather than a tower, a central shaft of the generator extending vertically; one or more rigid extension parts radiating from the central shaft of the generator, such that a rotational swiping area of the one or more extension parts is horizontal, each of the one or more rigid extension parts are substantially parallel to a ground surface; one or more auxiliary blade sets comprising one or more blades rotatably mounted to a shaft, such that a rotation of each of the auxiliary blades generates a force parallel to its respective shaft and perpendicular to the central shaft, each auxiliary blade set mounted to at least one of the one or more extension parts by its respective shaft; one or more motors connected to each auxiliary blade set and mounted on one of the extension parts on a rear side of each auxiliary blade set, each motor having a motor shaft centrally aligned with the same axis of the shaft of its respective auxiliary blade set, and perpendicular to an axis of the central shaft; and the generator is powered by the torque of the central shaft resulting in part from the force generated by the rotation of the one or more auxiliary blade sets. 8. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 7, further comprising one or more turbine blades having a horizontal swiping area and substantially parallel to the ground surface, radiating from the central shaft, providing a rigid area of sufficient size for mounting the one or more auxiliary blade sets having the one or more motors. 9. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 7, wherein at least one of the auxiliary blade sets is propelled by its respective motor. 10. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 7, wherein at least one of the motors is powered by a source selected from the group consisting of batteries, solar panels and a fraction of power generated by the generator. 11. A continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades, comprising: a vertical axis wind turbine with one or more rigid extension parts mounted to a vertical central shaft, the vertical axis wind turbine having a set of primary vertical axis blades rotating about the vertical central shaft, and each of the primary vertical axis blades connected to one or more of the rigid extension parts; one or more auxiliary blade sets comprising one or more blades rotatably mounted to a shaft, such that a rotation of each of the auxiliary blades generates a force parallel to its respective shaft and perpendicular to the vertical central shaft, each auxiliary blade set mounted to at least one of the one or more extension parts by its respective shaft; and one or more motors connected to each auxiliary blade set; and a generator connected to and powered by the torque of the central shaft resulting in part from the force generated by the rotation of the one or more auxiliary blade sets. 12. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 11, wherein the one or more rigid extension parts comprises a combination of one or more turbine blades mounted to one or more connecting parts radiating from the central shaft. 13. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 11, wherein at least one of the auxiliary blade sets is propelled by its respective motor. 14. The continuous wind power system with auxiliary blades of claim 11, wherein at least one of the motors is powered by a source selected from the group consisting of batteries, solar panels and a fraction of power generated by the generator. 