A solar simulator which uses a honeycomb structure for providing highly collimated light for testing one or more photovoltaic cells.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for testing one or more photovoltaic cells comprising: forming a light source by disposing a collimating lens and a honeycomb collimating apparatus to a lamp, the honeycomb collimating apparatus comprising a plurality of elongated at least substantially parallel openings, the honeycomb collimating apparatus not comprising a collimating lens; placing the one or more photovoltaic cells in front of the honeycomb collimating apparatus; causing the light source to emit light; and obtaining a reading from at least one of the photovoltaic cells while illuminated with light emitted from the light source. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein placing the one or more photovoltaic cells comprises placing the one or more photovoltaic cells less than about 5 meters from the honeycomb collimating apparatus. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein placing the one or more photovoltaic cells comprises placing the one or more photovoltaic cells less than about 2 meters from the honeycomb collimating apparatus. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein placing the one or more photovoltaic cells comprises placing the one or more photovoltaic cells less than about 1 meter from the honeycomb collimating apparatus. 5. The method of claim 1 further comprising monitoring an output of the light source with a cell. 6. The method of claim 5 further comprising adjusting the lamp based on a reading from the cell. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein forming a light source further comprises providing one or more homogenizers. 8. The method of claim 1 further comprising forming an array from a plurality of light sources. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein forming an array comprises joining a plurality of light sources with one or more connectors. 10. The method of claim 9 further comprising monitoring at least one of the plurality of light sources with a cell. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein monitoring comprises adjusting a lamp of at least one source based on a reading obtained from the cell. 12. A photovoltaic test apparatus comprising: a light source, said light source comprising: a lamp; a collimating lens; and at least one honeycomb collimating structure attached thereto, said honeycomb collimating structure comprising a plurality of elongated at least substantially parallel openings, said honeycomb collimating structure not comprising a collimating lens. 13. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein a plurality of said light sources are arranged into an array. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 further comprising a plurality of cells for monitoring a respective one of said light sources. 15. The apparatus of claim 14 further comprising a feedback circuit for maintaining an output of each of said light sources within a predetermined range of a desired output value. 