A medical work station having a solar charging system. The medical work station includes a cart that carries a computer for providing access to and keeping track of medical information. The solar charging system is operatively connected to the computer to provide a solar power input. This solar input provides a constant replenishing of power to the computer as long as there is a source of UV light, such as through inside lighting or through sunlight.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system, comprising: a medical work station including a cart having a computer and a battery, wherein said computer includes a display screen, wherein the cart further comprises a base having a plurality of wheels coupled thereto, a mast extending generally vertically up from the base, a work surface operably coupled to the mast and a drawer system disposed below the work surface and at least partially about the mast, and wherein the battery is included within the base; and a solar charging system that is operatively connected to said medical work station, wherein said solar charging system has a solar power input that provides a constant replenishing of power to said computer as long as there is a source of UV light. 2. The system as recited in claim 1, further comprising a central administrator that is operatively connected to said computer. 3. The system as recited in claim 2, wherein said computer has wireless network connection for communicating with said central administrator. 4. The system as recited in claim 3, wherein said computer communicates with said central administrator without the active assistance of the user. 5. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein said solar charging system includes a plurality of solar panels that are connected to said computer. 6. The system as recited in claim 5, wherein each of said plurality of solar panels is rotatably connected to said computer. 7. The system as recited in claim 5, wherein each of said plurality of solar panels is releasably connected to said computer. 8. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein said solar charging system generates about 1 Amp of power indoors without input from natural light. 9. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein said solar charging system generates about 2 to about 3 Amps of power with the input of natural light. 10. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein said solar charging system generates sufficient power to avoid recharging said computer if it is operated at less than about 50% duty time. 11. The system as recited in claim 1, wherein said display screen draws less than about 2 Amps of power. 12. A system comprising: a base defining a battery slot; a mast extending generally vertically up from the base; a work surface operably coupled to the mast; a computer comprising a controller; and a computer monitor that is operably coupled to the controller, wherein the computer monitor is operably coupled to the mast so as to be positioned above the work surface; a drawer system disposed between the work surface and the base; a battery removably positioned within the battery slot, wherein the battery comprises a housing and a handle coupled to the housing to facilitate removal and replacement of the battery; and a solar charging system that has a solar power input that provides power to operate the computer. 13. A cart as in claim 12, wherein the battery is configured to be recharged while in the battery slot or when removed from the cart using a separate charger. 14. A cart as in claim 12, wherein the drawer system comprises a first drawer housing that is configured to be removably coupled beneath the work surface, wherein the first drawer housing defines an interior that holds at least one pull-out drawer; and a second drawer housing that is configured to be removably coupled beneath the first drawer housing defines an interior that holds at least one pull-out drawer. 15. A cart as in claim 14, wherein the first drawer housing and the second drawer housing are each configured to hold a pair of laterally spaced-part drawers. 16. A system, comprising: a base; a mast extending generally vertically up from the base; a work surface operably coupled to the mast; a computer comprising a controller; and a computer monitor that is operably coupled to the controller, wherein the computer monitor is operably coupled to the mast so as to be positioned above the work surface; a drawer system operably coupled to the mast so as to be disposed between the work surface and the base; a battery removably coupled with the base and electrically coupled to the computer controller through the central mast; and a solar charging system that has a solar power input that provides power to operate the computer. 17. A system as in claim 16, wherein said solar charging system includes a plurality of solar panels that are connected to said computer. 18. A system as in claim 16, wherein the drawer system comprises a first drawer housing that is configured to be removably coupled beneath the work surface, wherein the first drawer housing defines an interior that holds at least one pull-out drawer; and a second drawer housing that is configured to be removably coupled beneath the first drawer housing defines an interior that holds at least one pull-out drawer. 19. A system as in claim 18, wherein the first drawer housing and the second drawer housing are each configured to hold a pair of laterally spaced-part drawers. 20. A system as in claim 16, further comprising a central administrator that is operatively connected to said computer. 