The present invention is an apparatus and method for associating electronic devices to portable containers. A smart container is a container used for transporting items while traveling and comprising electronic devices. The smart container may comprise at least one module bay configured for receiving a module and a controller comprising a processing device associated with a memory. The controller is electrically associated with the module bay and configured for sending and/or receiving data to/from an electronic device associated with the module bay. The controller may be either an integral component of the smart container or a controller module removably received by the smart container. The smart container further comprises a power source associated with a power bus. The power bus is electrically associated with at least one of (a) a module bay, and (b) the controller.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A smart container for holding items while transporting said items from a first location to a second location, said smart container suitable for being manually moved by a person, said smart container comprising: at least one compartment defining a void for holding items within said compartment, said compartment comprising a first section releasably associated with a second section and wherein said void is defined between said first section and said second section; at least one module bay associated with at least one of said first section and said second section, said module bay comprising a bay communication port and a bay power port, and wherein said module bay is configured for being mechanically associated and electrically associated with an electronic module; a controller mechanically associated with one of said first section, said second section, and a module bay, said controller comprising a processing device electrically associated with a memory; wherein said controller is electrically associated with said bay communication port, said controller configured for at least one of (a) receiving data from an electronic module electrically associated with said bay communication port, and (b) sending data to an electronic module electrically associated with said bay communication port; a signaling device electrically associated with said controller, wherein said signaling device is one of: (a) an electronic module associated with said module bay, and (b) an integral electric device: a user interface electrically associated with said controller, said user interface configured for receiving user input and wherein said controller is further configured to place said signaling device in a signaling mode in response to at least one of (a) user input, (b) data received from an electronic module mechanically associated with a module bay and electrically associated with said controller, (c) data received from an integral device electrically associated with said controller, and (d) a program routine; a power buss electrically associated with said bay power port and said controller; a first wheel positioned at a first location and a second wheel positioned at a second location and wherein said first wheel and said second wheel extend at least partially beyond the outside perimeter of said smart container; a vacuum pump configured for being associated with a vacuum pack, said vacuum pump electrically associated with said power buss; a power source electrically associated with said power bus; and wherein at least one exterior surface of said smart container is associated with a photovoltaic cell, said photovoltaic cell configured for supplying power to at least one of (a) a device electrically associated with said power buss, (b) said power source, and (c) said controller. 2. A smart container as in claim 1, wherein said vacuum pump is electrically associated with said controller. 3. A smart container as in claim 2, wherein said vacuum pump is one of (a) a device integral to said smart container, and (b) an electronic module mechanically associated with said at least one module bay and electrically associated with said power buss through said bay power port and electrically associated with said controller through said bay communication port. 4. A smart container as in claim 1, wherein said smart container further comprises a removable pack that is configurable as both a vacuum pack and an inflatable pack. 5. A smart container as in claim 1, wherein said power source is a power storage module received by a second module bay electrically associated with said power bus and wherein said power storage module comprises at least one of (a) a power status indicator, and (b) a power transfer port. 6. A smart container as in claim 1, further comprising an electronic module releasably associated with a module bay, said electronic module comprising at least one of (a) a module communication port configured for being electrically associated with said bay communication port, and (b) a module communication port configured for being electrically associated with said bay power port. 7. A smart container as in claim 6, wherein said electronic module is an electronic module selected from the group of electronic modules consisting of: (a) a communication module; (b) a security module; (c) a recording module; (d) an entertainment module; (e) a time module; (f) a location module; and (g) a power module. 8. A smart container as in claim 6, further comprising: a transceiver electrically associated with said controller; wherein said controller is further configured to use said transceiver to facilitate data transfers between at least two of (a) an external electronic device, (b) said controller, (c) an electronic module, and (d) an integral electronic device. 9. A smart container as in claim 8, wherein said transceiver comprises one of (a) Bluetooth technology, and (b) Wi-Fi technology. 10. A smart container as in claim 1, further comprising: an antenna; a receiver electrically associated with said antenna and said controller; wherein said controller is further configured to use said receiver to receive data signals transmitted from at least one of (a) an external electronic device, and (b) an electronic module associated with said module bay. 11. A smart container as in claim 10, wherein said external electronic device is one of (a) a portable transmitter associated with a user, and (b) a transmitter remote to said user. 12. A smart container as in claim 10, further comprising an electronic lock configured to secure said first section to said second section wherein said controller is configured to change the status of the electronic lock in response to a signal received from said external-electronic-device. 13. A smart container as in claim 1, wherein said signaling device comprises at least one of (a) a light emitting device, and (b) a sound emitting device. 14. A smart container as in claim 13, further comprising a receiver electrically associated with an antenna and said controller wherein said receiver is configured for receiving transmitted data signals and wherein said controller is further configured to place the signaling device in a predefined signaling mode in response to a received data signal. 15. A backpack used for holding items, said backpack comprising: at least one compartment configured for holding items, said compartment comprising at least one section; at least one module bay mechanically associated with said at least one compartment, wherein said at least one module bay is configured for releasably receiving an electronic module, and wherein at least one of said at least one module bay comprises a bay power port configured for being electrically associated with said electronic module; a controller comprising a processing device electrically associated with a memory; a power source; a signaling device electrically associated with said controller, wherein said signaling device is one of: (a) an electronic module associated with said module bay, and (b) an integral electric device; a user interface electrically associated with said controller, said user interface configured for receiving user input and wherein said controller is further configured to place the signaling device in a signaling mode in response to at least one of (a) user input, (b) data received from an electronic module mechanically associated with a module bay and electrically associated with said controller, (c) data received from an integral device electrically associated with said controller, and (d) a program routine; a power bus electrically associated with said power source, said controller, and said bay power-port; and wherein at least one exterior surface of said backpack is associated with an energy converter comprising a photovoltaic cell, said energy converter configured for supplying power to at least one of (a) a device electrically associated with said power buss, (b) said power source, and (c) said controller. 16. A backpack as in claim 15, wherein said controller is further electrically associated with a receiver and wherein said user input is a signal transmitted by at least one of (a) a portable transmitter associated with a user, and (b) a remote transmitter associated with a monitoring device. 17. A backpack as in claim 15, wherein in said backpack further comprises at least one communication port electrically associated with said controller. 18. A backpack as in claim 15, wherein said signaling device is one of (a) at least one light, and (b) at least one sound emitter, and wherein said controller is further configured to transfer said signaling mode to an external device. 19. A bag used for holding items while transporting said items from a first location to a second location, said container configured for being carried by a person, said bag comprising: at least one compartment for holding items, said compartment comprising at least one section; an electronic signaling device electrically associated with a controller comprising a processing device electrically associated with a memory; a user interface electrically associated with said controller, said user interface configured for receiving user input and wherein said controller is further configured to place the signaling device in a signaling mode in response to at least one of (a) user input, (b) data received from an integral device electrically associated with said controller, and (c) a program routine; a motion sensor electrically associated with said processing device wherein said motion sensor is configured for generating motion-data; a receiver electrically associated with said processing device, said receiver configured for receiving a transmitted data-signal, and wherein said processing device is further configured to activate said electronic signaling device in response to a received data-signal; a recording device electrically associated with said processing device, said recording device configured for generating recorder-data and wherein said recording device comprises at least one of (a) an image recording device and (b) a sound recording device, and wherein said processing device is further configured to activate said recording device in response to one of (a) user input and (b) a received data-signal; a transmitter electrically associated with said processing device, said transmitter configured for transmitting a transmitted data-signal and wherein said processing device is further configured to generate said transmitted data-signal in response to at least one of (a) user input, and (b) a received data-signal and wherein said transmitted data signal comprises one of (a) at least part of said motion-data, and (b) at least part of said recorder-data; wherein said processing device is configured to activate said electronic signaling device in response to at least one of (a) motion-data, and (b) user input; a power source; and a power buss electrically associated with said power source, said processing device, and said signaling device, said power buss configured for transferring power; and wherein at least one exterior surface of said bag is associated with a photovoltaic cell, said photovoltaic cell configured for supplying power to at least one of (a) a device electrically associated with said power buss, (b) said power source, and (c) said signaling device. 20. A bag used for holding items while transporting said items from a first location to a second location as in claim 19, wherein said bag is a backpack. 21. A bag used for holding items while transporting said items from a first location to a second location as in claim 19, wherein said bag is a book bag. 22. A bag used for holding items while transporting said items from a first location to a second location, said bag configured for being carried by a person, said bag comprising: at least one compartment for holding items, said compartment comprising at least one section; an electronic signaling device; a user interface electrically associated with said controller, said user interface configured for receiving user input and wherein said controller is further configured to place the signaling device in a signaling mode in response to at least one of (a) user input, (b) data received from an electronic module mechanically associated with a module bay and electrically associated with said controller, (c) data received from an integral device electrically associated with said controller, and (d) a program routine; an integral processing device electrically associated with a memory, said processing device further electrically associated with said electronic signaling device and said user interface; a motion sensor electrically associated with said processing device wherein said motion sensor is configured for generating motion-data; a receiver electrically associated with said processing device, said receiver configured for receiving a transmitted data-signal, and wherein said processing device is further configured to activate said electronic signaling device in response to a received data-signal; a recording device electrically associated with said processing device, said recording device configured for generating recorder-data and wherein said recording device comprises at least one of (a) an image recording device and (b) a sound recording device, and wherein said processing device is further configured to activate said recording device in response to one of (a) user input and (b) a received data-signal; a transmitter electrically associated with said processing device, said transmitter configured for transmitting a transmitted data-signal and wherein said processing device is further configured to generate said transmitted data-signal in response to at least one of (a) user input, and (b) a received data-signal and wherein said transmitted data signal comprises one of (a) at least part of said motion-data, and (b) at least part of said recorder-data; wherein said processing device is configured to activate said electronic signaling device in response to at least one of (a) motion-data, and (b) user input; a power source; a power buss electrically associated with said power source, said processing device, and said signaling device, said power buss configured for transferring power; and wherein at least one exterior surface of said bag is associated with a photovoltaic cell, said photovoltaic cell configured for supplying power to at least one of (a) a device electrically associated with said power buss, (b) said power source, and (c) said signaling device. 23. A bag used for holding items while transporting said items from a first location to a second location as in claim 22, wherein said emergency routine comprises at least one step from the group of steps consisting of: (i) recording at least one of (a) image data, and (b) sound data; (ii) activating said signaling device; and (iii) transmitting a data-signal to a remote location, said data-signal comprising at least one of (a) at least part of said image data, and (b) at least part of said sound data. 24. A bag used for holding items while transporting said items from a first location to a second location as in claim 22, further comprising: a transceiver electrically associated with said processing device; wherein said processing device is further configured to use said transceiver to facilitate data transfers between at least two of (a) an external-electronic-device, (b) said processing device, and (c) an integral electronic device. 25. A bag used for holding items while transporting said items from a first location to a second location as in claim 19, further comprising: at least one module bay associated with said at least one compartment, said at least one module bay configured for releasably receiving an electronic module, and wherein at least one of said at least one module bay comprises a bay communication port and a bay power port; a communication bus electrically associated with said bay communication port and said processing device; and a power bus electrically associated with said bay power port and said processing device. 26. A bag used for holding items while transporting said items from a first location to a second location as in claim 19, further comprising: a frame associated with said bag; a first wheel positioned at a first location defined by said frame; a second wheel positioned at a second location defined by said frame; a magnetic device associated with at least one of said first wheel and said second wheel and configured for generating power when said at least one of said first wheel and said second wheel is rotating; and wherein the output of said magnet device is electrically associated with at least one of (a) said power bus, (b) said signaling device, (c) said power source, and (d) said controller. 