An economical, highly efficient, and complete system for harnessing the sun's energy, storing, and/or converting this energy into a usable energy product on a sustainable cycle. The system includes an enclosed volume chamber having a mirrored inner surface and an opening for receiving a condensed high-temperature solar energy beam and trapping thermal energy. A fluid source is injected into the chamber for converting this energy into a high pressure source which can be fed to an energy converting device. The enclosed volume chamber can include a thermal absorbing member to store thermal energy for use during sunless hours. A sustainable system including a plurality of interconnected chambers can be provided to form an additive system of thermal energy for use during the day and during sunless hours. The thermal energy can be converted to provide a clean energy source at zero carbon emission for use in numerous and diverse applications.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An apparatus for converting solar energy into a mechanical and electrical energy product, said apparatus comprising: an enclosed volume chamber having a mirrored inner surface; an opening extending through a wall of the chamber for admitting a condensed high-temperature solar energy beam into said chamber, said chamber having the mirrored inner surface being configured for reflecting the solar energy beam about the chamber and preventing the solar energy beam from being located at a single point in the chamber, trapping heat therein created by said solar energy beam; at least a first fluid source for feeding a first fluid into said chamber wherein upon contact with said fluid, said trapped solar energy is converted into a high pressure source; an outlet for allowing said high pressure source to exit said chamber; and at least one turbine for converting said high pressure source into the mechanical and electrical energy product; wherein the heat trapped within the chamber can reach a temperature as high as a plasma level; and wherein the mirrored inner surface is comprised of ceramic material. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the at least one turbine comprises at least a first turbine associated with said outlet for receiving said high pressure source. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein said at least one turbine is connected to a generator for converting said high pressure source into electrical energy. 4. The apparatus of claim 2 comprising a steam engine associated with said outlet for receiving said high pressure source. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 including a pressure valve located between said outlet and said turbine and a control member for controlling opening and closing of said valve based upon a predetermined amount of pressure located within said chamber. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the fluid comprises water and said high pressure source comprises superheated steam. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the fluid comprises air and said high pressure source comprises superheated air. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said opening comprises a one-way mirror. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the condensed high-temperature solar energy beam is supplied from a solar collecting system comprising a parabolic solar collector panel configured for reflecting solar rays to one of a focal point and a sub-focal point to at least partially condense said rays and at least one deflecting mirror mounted at one of said focal point and sub-focal point for receiving said condensed rays and redirecting said rays as a condensed high-temperature solar energy beam to said enclosed volume chamber. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 including at least one of a fiber optic cable and a cable having a lumen with an inner surface lined with reflective material for delivering said solar energy beam to said enclosed chamber. 11. The apparatus of claim 2 including a second fluid source for feeding a second fluid into the first turbine such that any thermal energy contained therein is converted into superheated steam or superheated air which can be subsequently fed to a second turbine or to another chamber of the first turbine. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said enclosed chamber includes one or more inlet ports for receiving heat energy from an enclosed volume solar powered heat absorbing receiver for sustaining a predetermined level of heat energy therein. 13. An apparatus for storing and converting solar energy into a mechanical and electrical energy product, said apparatus comprising: an enclosed volume chamber having a mirrored inner surface said chamber having the mirrored inner surface being configured for reflecting the solar energy beam about the chamber and preventing the solar energy beam from being located at a single point in the chamber, trapping heat therein created by said solar energy beam; a heat absorbing member located within said chamber, said heat absorbing member being capable of absorbing and storing at least a portion of said solar energy; an opening extending through a wall of the chamber for allowing a condensed solar energy beam to enter into said chamber; a source for feeding air into said chamber wherein upon contact with said heat absorbing member, said ambient is heated and converted into a high pressure air source; an outlet for allowing said high pressure air source to exit said chamber; a pressure valve for cooperating with said outlet, said pressure valve capable of opening and closing based upon a predetermined amount of pressure located within said chamber; and wherein the heat trapped within the chamber can reach a temperature as high as a plasma level; and wherein the mirrored inner surface is comprised of ceramic material. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein said high pressure air source is capable of being fed to a turbine connected to a generator for converting said high pressure source into electrical energy. 15. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein said stored thermal energy is capable of being fed to another enclosed volume chamber to enable said other enclosed volume chamber to increase and/or maintain a predetermined level of heat energy in said second chamber. 16. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein the outer surface of the chamber is formed from a poorly conductive, high pressure sustainable material. 17. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein the heat absorbing member is formed from a combination of heat absorbing materials having differing heat capacity levels. 18. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein the chamber is capable of storing heat energy for up to several months, depending upon the rate of depletion and/or the amount of usage of the heat energy. 19. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein the condensed solar energy beam is supplied from a solar collecting system comprising a parabolic solar collector panel configured for reflecting solar rays to one of a focal point and a sub-focal point to at least partially condense said rays and at least one deflecting mirror mounted at one of said focal point and sub-focal point for receiving said condensed rays and redirecting said rays as a condensed solar energy beam to said enclosed chamber. 20. The apparatus of claim 19 including a heat sensor for monitoring the temperature level of the enclosed volume chamber, said heat sensor being in communication with a power source for moving the at least one deflecting mirror from the focal point to interrupt the feed of the solar energy beam into the chamber at a given time and to control the amount of heat absorbed by the chamber. 21. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the amount of heat fed to the chamber is depleted as needed such that the amount of heat absorbed by the chamber is maintained at a temperature that is below the melting point of the material forming the heat absorbing member. 22. A system for providing sustainable thermal energy storage and a sustainable energy supply, said system comprising: A first enclosed volume chamber associated with a first solar energy beam and having a mirrored inner surface configured for reflecting the solar energy beam about the chamber and preventing the solar energy beam from being located at a single point in the chamber, trapping heat within said chamber and for converting this heat into a high pressure source; A second enclosed volume chamber associated with a second solar energy beam and having a mirrored inner surface, said second enclosed volume chamber including heat-absorbing material therein for storing heat energy, said second enclosed volume chamber being associated with the first enclosed volume chamber for providing thermal energy into the first enclosed volume chamber; wherein the heat trapped within the first enclosed volume chamber can reach a temperature as high as a plasma level; and wherein the mirrored inner surface is comprised of ceramic material. 23. The system of claim 22 wherein a plurality of second enclosed volume chambers is associated with said first enclosed volume chamber for feeding a plurality of thermal energy sources therein. 24. The system of claim 22 wherein the first enclosed volume chamber is associated with the second enclosed volume chamber for feeding excess thermal energy therein for storage. 25. The system of claim 22 wherein the first and second solar energy beams are supplied from a first and a second solar collecting system wherein each of said first and second solar collecting systems comprises a parabolic solar collector panel configured for reflecting solar rays to one of a focal point and a sub-focal point to at least partially condense said rays and at least one deflecting mirror mounted at one of said focal point and sub-focal point for receiving said condensed rays and redirecting said rays as a condensed high-temperature solar energy beam to said enclosed chamber. 26. The system of claim 22 including a daily tracking system comprising at least two cones mounted on the solar collecting system, each of said cones including a photocell at a bottom portion thereof, said photocells including a signaling member associated with a motor for rotating the solar collection system at a predetermined speed wherein the speed of rotation is adjusted based upon the sun's contact with the photocells to ensure perpendicular positioning of the sun with respect to the collecting panel. 