A transportable modular multi-appliance device comprises a container, a primary power source for producing AC power, a plurality of AC-powered functional modules, AC outlets, sensors, and a controller. The primary power source is inside the container, and the functional modules are removably mounted inside the container and removably electrically coupled to the primary power source to receive AC power therefrom. The AC outlets are also electrically coupled to the primary power source. The sensors detect conditions inside the container and associated with the functional modules, and the controller is coupled to the primary power source and to the sensors and configured to automatically control the primary power source and allocate the AC power among the functional modules and the AC outlets in response to inputs from the sensors.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A transportable modular multi-appliance device, comprising: a container having a plurality of enclosures; a primary power source for producing AC power, the primary power source disposed inside the container; a plurality of AC-powered functional modules external to the primary power source and external or internal to the container and having a function other than controlling electrical power, said AC-cowered functional modules having electrical coupling means for electrical coupling to the primary power source so as to receive the AC power from the primary power source, each AC-powered functional module being dimensionally configured to removably fit within the enclosures to facilitate exchangeability thereby facilitating reconfiguration of the device to suit different service requirements; a plurality of sensors for monitoring the AC-powered functional modules; and a controller, the controller coupled to the primary power source and to the sensors and configured to automatically control the primary power source and allocate the AC power supplied by the primary power source among the AC-powered functional modules in response to inputs from the plurality of sensors. 2. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of AC outlets electrically coupled to the primary power source so as to receive the AC power from the primary power source, the AC outlets being accessible from outside the container, and wherein the controller is configured to automatically control the primary power source and allocate the AC power supplied by the primary power source among the AC-powered functional modules and the AC outlets in response to inputs from the plurality of sensors. 3. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 2, wherein the primary power source is an electricity generator. 4. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 3, wherein the primary power source is a generator powered by a combustion engine, solar energy, wind energy or geothermal energy. 5. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 1, wherein the plurality of AC-powered functional modules includes at least one secondary power source, each secondary power source operable to convert the AC power into a respective secondary form of power. 6. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 5, wherein the secondary forms of power are selected from the group consisting of pneumatic power, AC electric power, DC electric power, hydraulic power and mechanical power. 7. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 5, wherein the secondary power sources are selected from the group consisting of welding power supplies, plasma cutters, air compressors, hydraulic power units, and pressure washers. 8. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 1, wherein the sensors include at least one diagnostic sensor positioned to monitor an operational parameter of at least one of the AC-powered functional modules, and wherein the controller is configured to cause the primary power source to cease supplying the AC power to a corresponding one of the AC-powered functional modules in response to an input from an associated diagnostic sensor indicating a fault in that AC-powered functional module. 9. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 1, wherein said plurality of AC powered functional modules are removably mounted. 10. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 1, further comprising at least one fire sensor positioned to detect a fire inside the container, and wherein the controller is configured to deactivate the primary power source in response to a signal from the at least one fire sensor indicating a fire. 11. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 10, wherein the controller is further configured to provide an alarm signal in response to a signal from the at least one fire sensor indicating a fire. 12. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 1, wherein the sensors include usage sensors for each of the AC-powered functional modules indicating whether the associated AC-powered functional module is in use, and wherein the controller is configured to cause the primary power source to cease supplying the AC power to a corresponding one of the AC-powered functional modules in response to an input from an associated one of the usage sensors indicating that the corresponding one of the AC-powered functional modules has been idle for a predetermined period of time. 13. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 1, wherein the container is ISO 668 compliant. 14. The transportable modular multi-appliance device as claimed in claim 1 wherein said primary power source has a power input connector for receiving power from a power generator external to said container. 15. The transportable modular multi-appliance device as claimed in claim 1 wherein said controller prevents activation of a particular functional module if such activation would cause the total current flow from the primary power source to exceed a predetermined threshold. 16. The transportable modular multi-appliance device as claimed in claim 15 wherein said controller deactivates at least one functional module if the total current flow from the primary power source exceeds a predetermined threshold. 17. The transportable modular multi-appliance device as claimed in claim 16 wherein the controller deactivates the at least one functional module in a preset order. 18. A towable and transportable modular multi-appliance device comprising: a towable and transportable platform having a plurality of module interfaces; a primary power source for producing AC power, the primary source mounted to the towable platform; a plurality of AC-powered functional modules external to the primary power source and external or internal to the container and having a function other than controlling electrical power, said AC-powered functional modules having electrical coupling means for coupling to the primary power source so as to receive the AC power from the primary power source, each AC-powered functional module being dimensionally configured to be removably securable to the module interfaces to facilitate exchangeability thereby facilitating reconfiguration of the device to suit different service requirements; a plurality of sensors monitoring the AC-powered functional modules; and a controller, the controller coupled to the primary power source and to the sensors and configured to automatically control the primary power source and allocate the AC power supplied by the primary power source among the AC-powered functional modules in response to input from the plurality of sensors. 19. The towable and transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 18 wherein said plurality of AC-powered functional modules are removably mounted. 20. The towable and transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 18 wherein said primary power source has a power input connector for receiving power from a power generator external to said container. 