A method and an apparatus for laser beam processing of an element (12) that has a total transmittance for light of at least 10.sup.-5, comprising a laser unit (1) for generating a laser beam on one side of the to-be-processed element (12), an illumination unit (7), an imaging system (10) comprising a sensor unit on the one side of the to-be-processed element (12), the sensor unit recording residual light that results from light of the illumination unit (7), a scanning unit (2) for adjusting the laser beam processing position, and a control unit. The control unit is operatively connected to the laser unit (1), the imaging system (10) and the scanning unit (2), and the illumination unit (7) is positioned on the other side of the to-be-processed element (12) in relation to the laser unit (1). Since the to-be-processed element (12) allows light to pass through an otherwise opaque or almost opaque layer, a good contrast is obtained that is used to determine the position of the laser beam with high precision. Therefore, high precision laser processing is possible for materials with low transmission for light and low mechanical stability like flexible thin film solar cells.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A method for laser beam processing of an element, the to-be-processed element being a flexible element having a total transmittance for light of at least 10.sup.-5, the method comprising the steps of: processing the to-be-processed element on one side by a laser beam; illuminating the to-be-processed element on the other side by light of a illumination unit, the light having at least one predetermined wavelength; recording residual light on the one side, which residual light results from a light transmission through the to-be-processed element by light of the illuminating unit; determining laser beam processing position by analyzing the recorded residual light; adjusting the laser beam processing position; supporting the to-be-processed element using mounting means comprising at least two rotatable cylinder shaped rolls arranged parallel to each other, where the to-be-processed element is positioned in a tangent plane of said rolls, which lies in a focal plane of a focusing optic for the laser beam, and the illumination unit is placed such that the light of the illumination unit is passing between the rolls. 2. A method for laser beam processing of an element, the to-be-processed element being a flexible element having a total transmittance for light of at least 10.sup.-5, the method comprising the steps of: processing the to-be-processed element on one side by a laser beam; illuminating the to-be-processed element on the other side by light of a illumination unit, the light having at least one predetermined wavelength; recording residual light on the one side, which residual light results from a light transmission through the to-be-processed element by light of the illuminating unit; determining laser beam processing position by analyzing the recorded residual light; adjusting the laser beam processing position; supporting the to-be-processed element using mounting means comprising a rotatable cylinder-shaped roll with transmission at a wavelength of light of the illumination unit, where the to-be-processed element is positioned along a part of a circumference of the roll, which lies within a focal area of a focusing optic for the laser beam. 3. An apparatus for laser beam processing of an element, the to-be-processed element being a flexible element having a total transmittance for light of at least 10.sup.-5, the apparatus comprising: a laser unit for generating a laser beam on one side of the to-be-processed element; an illumination unit; an imaging system comprising a sensor unit on the one side of the to-be-processed element, the sensor unit recording residual light that results from light of the illumination unit; a scanning unit for adjusting the laser beam processing position; a control unit; mounting means for supporting the to-be-processed element; and a focusing optic for the laser beam, wherein the control unit is operatively connected to the laser unit, the imaging system and the scanning unit, and wherein the illumination unit is positioned on the other side of the to-be-processed element in relation to the laser unit, and wherein the mounting means comprise a rotatable cylinder-shaped roll with transmission at a wavelength of light of the illumination unit, and where the to-be-processed element is positioned along a part of a circumference of the roll, which lies within a focal area of the focusing optic. 4. The method of claim 1 or 2, further comprising: providing at least one alignment mark on the to-be-processed element; and determining laser beam processing position relative to the at least one alignment mark. 5. The method of claim 1 or 2, further comprising: providing at least one alignment mark on the to-be-processed element; monitoring position of the at least one alignment mark; and adjusting laser beam processing relative to the position of the alignment mark. 6. The method of claim 1 or 2, further comprising the step of focusing the laser beam at a predefined layer of the to-be-processed element. 7. The method of claim 1 or 2, including using a scanning unit for adjusting the laser beam processing position. 8. The method of claim 1 or 2, including using the mounting means for adjusting the laser beam processing position. 9. The method of claim 1 or 2, further comprising providing conditioning means for conditioning the laser beam before it is used for laser beam processing, and using at least some of the conditioning means for treating the residual light before the step of recording the residual light. 10. The method of claim 1 or 2, wherein the to-be-processed element comprises a substrate and at least one layer to be processed. 11. An apparatus for laser beam processing of an element, the to-be-processed element being a flexible element having a total transmittance for light of at least 10.sup.-5, the apparatus comprising: a laser unit for generating a laser beam on one side of the to-be-processed element; an illumination unit; an imaging system comprising a sensor unit on the one side of the to-be-processed element, the sensor unit recording residual light that results from light of the illumination unit; a scanning unit for adjusting the laser beam processing position; a control unit, mounting means for supporting the to-be-processed element; and a focusing optic for the laser beam, wherein the control unit is operatively connected to the laser unit, the imaging system and the scanning unit, and wherein the illumination unit is positioned on the other side of the to-be-processed element in relation to the laser unit, and wherein the mounting means comprise at least two rotatable cylinder shaped rolls arranged parallel to each other, and wherein the to-be-processed element is positioned in a tangent plane of said rolls, which lies in a focal plane of the focusing optic, and the illumination unit is placed such that the light of the illumination unit is passing between the rolls. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 or 3, wherein the to-be-processed element comprises at least one alignment mark. 13. The apparatus of claim 11 or 3, wherein the focusing optic is positioned in between the scanning unit and the element to be processed. 14. The apparatus of claim 11 or 3, wherein the focusing optic is positioned in-between the laser unit and the scanning unit. 15. The apparatus of claim 11 or 3, wherein the mounting means is adapted for further adjusting the laser beam processing position. 16. The apparatus of claim 11 or 3, wherein the to-be-processed element comprises a substrate and at least one layer to be processed. 17. The apparatus according to claim 11 or 3, wherein the residual light and the laser beam are condition-able by at least one of the focusing optic and the scanning unit. 18. The apparatus according to claim 17, further comprising a separation unit for separating the residual light from the laser beam. 19. The apparatus according to claim 11 or 3, further comprising optical elements to correct chromatic aberrations of the focusing optic. 20. The apparatus according to claim 11 or 3, wherein the to-be-processed element comprises at least one layer having at least one of the following characteristics: a metallic or semi-metallic conductivity used as electrical contact in solar cells; a semiconductor used as absorber layer in solar cells; a ternary chalcopyrite semiconductor used as absorber layer in solar cells with composition (Cu.sub.xAg.sub.1-x).sub.1(In.sub.uGa.sub.vAl.sub.w).sub.1(Se.sub.yS.sub.- 1-y).sub.2 with 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.1, 0.ltoreq.y.ltoreq.1, u+v+w=1; a transparent electrically conductive material used as electrical contact in solar cells. 21. The apparatus according to claim 11 or 3, wherein the to-be-processed element comprises a substrate consisting of at least one of the following: polymer; polyimide; glass. 22. The apparatus according to claim 11 or 3, wherein the illumination unit emits at least one wavelength larger than 800 nm. 23. The apparatus according to claim 11 or 3, wherein the imaging system comprises a focusing optic used to focus the laser beam, which is an F-Theta lens color corrected for 532 nm and 1064 nm, and a dichotic beam splitter to separate both wavelength, wherein the laser unit emits a wavelength of 532 nm, and wherein the illumination unit emits at least light at a wavelength of 1064 nm. 24. The apparatus according to claim 11 or 3, wherein the illumination unit emits a laser light having a wavelength of 1064 nm, and the laser unit uses a part of this light to generate 532 nm laser light for laser beam processing. 25. The apparatus according to claim 11 or 3, wherein the mounting means comprising a vacuum chuck made from a translucent porous material with transmission at a wavelength of the light of the illumination unit. 26. The apparatus according to claim 11 or 3, wherein the mounting means comprise a convexly shaped surface with transmission at a wavelength of light of the illumination unit, where the to-be-processed flexible element is positioned at the surface, which lies within a focal area of the focusing optic. 