A method and apparatus provides charging information regarding devices such as a portable terminal with a solar cell. The solar cell charges the battery of the portable terminal with the highest charging efficiency at an optimal charging angle. The optimal charging angle is determined according to the location information regarding the portable terminal and time information. When the solar cell performs a charging process with the highest charging efficiency, the portable terminal provides a user with an average charging efficiency and the help containing a user's manual of the solar cell. The average charging efficiency is determined according to environmental conditions, such as temperature, humidity, weather conditions, etc.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for providing charging information in a portable terminal with a solar cell, comprising: receiving at least one of location information, time information regarding a portable terminal and environmental information containing at least one of the temperature, humidity, seasons and weather conditions; outputting charging information corresponding to the at least one of the received location information, time information and the environmental information, wherein the charging information comprises at least one of an optimal charging angle wherein the solar cell performs a charging process with a highest charging efficiency, or an average charging efficiency at the optimal charging angle; monitoring the optimal charging angle by comparing a tilt angle output from a tilt sensor, with the optimal charging angle; and outputting, if a difference between the tilt angle and the optimal charging angle is outside a preset range, a voice signal or an alert message indicating that the tilt angle of the portable terminal should be corrected. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein charging information includes a help function containing a user's manual of the solar cell. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein charging information is generated based on the received location information and time information. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the charging information is extracted for output by detecting an altitude of the Sun according to the location information and time information; calculating an incident angle of the sunlight according to the altitude of the Sun; and calculating an optimal charging angle, where the sunlight is perpendicularly incident on the solar cell, and direction information. 5. The method of claim 4, further comprising: transmitting the optimal charging angle and the direction information to a cradle holding the portable terminal, so that the cradle manually or automatically adjusts a direction and angle of the portable terminal. 6. A method for providing charging information in a portable terminal with a solar cell, comprising: receiving location information and time information regarding a portable terminal; and outputting charging information corresponding to the received location information and time information; receiving environmental information containing at least one of the temperature, humidity, seasons and weather conditions; and periodically identifying a charging efficiency of the solar cell; searching for an average charging efficiency, based on a condition closest to the environmental information, time information, and location information, from average charging efficiency information, wherein the average charging efficiency information is generated as average charging efficiencies at the optimal charging angle are classified by date, weather conditions, seasons, and time; comparing the identified charging efficiency of the solar cell with the searched average charging efficiency; and notifying a user that the identified charging efficiency is less than the searched average charging efficiency, if the identified charging efficiency is less than the searched average charging efficiency. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein notifying a user comprises: outputting an indication that the charging efficiency is not optimized. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the indication comprises a message or a voice signal. 9. The method of claim 6, wherein notifying a user comprises: outputting the optimal charging angle and direction information. 10. An apparatus for providing charging information to a portable terminal, comprising: a solar cell for converting solar energy into electricity; an RF communication unit for receiving location information regarding the portable terminal and time information; a controller for calculating an optimal charging angle at which the solar cell is positioned for a highest charging efficiency based on the received location information and time information; a storage unit for storing average charging efficiency information generated as average charging efficiencies, wherein the solar cell charges a battery on the average at the optimal charging angle, and which are classified according to a preset classification condition; and a display unit for displaying at least one of the calculated optimal charging angle and the average charging efficiency, wherein the average charging efficiency is acquired at the calculated optimal charging angle and a particular environmental condition. 11. The apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the display unit displays a help screen containing a user's manual of the solar cell. 12. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the controller identifies an altitude of the Sun using the location information and time information, and calculates an incident angle of the sunlight according to the altitude of the Sun, and the optimal charging angle and direction information when the sunlight is perpendicularly incident on the solar cell. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the controller controls the display unit to display the optimal charging angle and direction information in at least one of the formats of text, voice, and image. 14. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the controller transmits the optimal charging angle and direction information to a cradle that manually or automatically adjusts the angle and direction of the portable terminal for optimal charging. 15. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the RF communication unit receives environmental information that contains at least one of temperature, humidity, seasons, and weather conditions. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the controller: periodically identifies a charging efficiency of the solar cell; searches for an average charging efficiency, based on condition closest to the environmental information, time information, and location information, received via the RF communication unit, from average charging efficiency information; compares the searched average charging efficiency with the identified charging efficiency; and if the identified charging efficiency is less than the searched average charging efficiency, outputs an alert message or a voice signal indicating that the identified charging efficiency is less than the searched average charging efficiency. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein, if the identified charging efficiency is less than the searched average charging efficiency, the controller outputs the optimal charging angle and direction information. 18. The apparatus of claim 10, further comprising: a tilt sensor for detecting whether the portable terminal is tilted from a predetermined orientation. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the controller: compares a tilt angle, output from the tilt sensor, with the optimal charging angle; and, if a difference between the tilt angle and the optimal charging angle is outside a preset range, outputs a voice signal or an alert message indicating that the tilt angle of the portable terminal should be corrected. 