A multi-circuit direct current monitor consists of a plurality of Hall Effect current sensors mounted on a printed circuit board oriented to sense the direct current (DC) flow from power generating devices such as solar arrays, output from the Hall Effect sensors connected to an analog to digital (A/D) converter which in turn is connected to a microprocessor. The multi-circuit direct current monitor continuously monitors instantaneous and average current values for each circuit as well as total instantaneous current and average current for all active circuits. The multi-circuit direct current monitor provides continuous communications via Modbus RTU as well as providing alarm outputs if one or more circuits deviates from the average output by a percentage greater than the user specified threshold for a user-defined period of time to detect failed or underperforming power output devices.
Claims We claim: 1. A system for monitoring current from each of a plurality of direct current sources, said system comprising: (a) a plurality of current sensors mounted on a single support, said single support with said current sensors detachably supportable remote from a support for a direct current source, each current sensor comprising a portion defining an opening for receiving a respective one of a plurality of conductors, each conductor connected to a different one of said plurality of direct current sources; (b) a converter to convert an output from each sensor to a digital value; (c) a monitoring device that receives said digital values and provides data indicating a total current from said plurality of direct current sources sensed by said plurality of current sensors mounted on said single support, a respective current including an instantaneous current and a long average current from each of said plural direct current sources and sensed respectively by each of said current sensors and an average of the long average currents for the remaining sensors on the support, said monitoring device comparing the instantaneous current and the long average current sensed by each current sensor and initiating an alarm if an instantaneous current deviates by a threshold value from the long average current for the corresponding current sensor and initiating an alarm if the long average current for a sensor deviates from the corresponding average of the long average currents for the remaining sensors by a threshold value. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said current sensors are Hall Effect current sensors. 3. The system of claim 2 wherein each of said direct current sources is a solar panel. 4. The system of claim 3 wherein each of said current sensors are supported by a circuit board. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein said ones of said conductors of direct current pass through respective ones of said current sensors. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein each of said current sensors communicates with another device using a single communications port. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein said communications port is a serial port. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein said serial port communicates with said another device using a Modbus RTU protocol. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein said single support is affixed to a combiner that sums the currents in a plurality of said conductors. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein said converter is an analog to digital converter. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein said current sensor has an analog output. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein said converter converts said analog output to said digital value. 13. The system of claim 1 further comprising a pair of light outputs affixed to said single support, the first of which provides a power indication, and the second of which provides a serial transmission indication. 14. The system of claim 1 wherein said single support includes a set of three terminals, one of which is a positive, one of which is a negative, one of which is a shield, all three of which are used for connecting to a serial communications network. 15. The system of claim 1 wherein said monitoring device provides a Modbus protocol output. 16. The system of claim 15 wherein said monitoring device includes a plurality of registers each containing a value representative of an amperage for a respective one of said sensors. 17. The system of claim 16 further comprising a plurality of registers each containing calibration data for one of said sensors. 18. The system of claim 17 further comprising at least one register containing a serial number. 19. The system of claim 16 further comprising at least one register containing an up-time of said system. 20. The system of claim 16 further comprising a plurality of registers containing threshold values. 21. The system of claim 16 further comprising at least one register which disables monitoring of amperage for one of said sensors. 22. The system of claim 16 further comprising at least one register disabling outputting amperage data for one of said sensors. 23. The system of claim 16 wherein at least one amperage is a short cycle current. 24. The system of claim 16 wherein at least one amperage is a long cycle amperage comprising an average of a plurality of instantaneous amperages. 25. The system of claim 24 wherein at least one of said registers resets said long cycle amperage. 26. An apparatus for monitoring a respective direct current in each of a plurality of conductors conductively connecting respectively at least one of plural direct current sources with a combiner of said direct currents, said apparatus comprising: (a) plural Hall effect current sensors affixed to a single support securable to said combiner, each Hall effect current sensor arranged on said single support to align a portion of said Hall effect current sensor defining an opening to receive one of said plurality of conductors and having an output indicative of a direct current in said one of said plurality of conductors; and (b) a monitoring device including a serial communication port arranged to communicate with another device utilizing a Modbus RTU protocol, said monitoring device determining from respective outputs of said plural Hall effect current sensors: (i) a momentary direct current produced by each of said plurality of current sources, said momentary direct current comprising a relationship of at least three samples of said direct current obtained intermittently during a first time interval; (ii) an average direct current for each of said plurality of current sources, said average direct current comprising a relationship of a plurality of momentary direct currents obtained during a second time interval exceeding said first time interval in length; (iii) a sum of said momentary direct currents produced by said plurality of current sources; and (iv) an average of said sum of said momentary direct currents produced by said plurality of current sources during one of said second time interval and a third time interval. 27. The apparatus of claim 26 wherein said monitoring device further determines from said respective outputs of said plural Hall effect sensors whether one of said momentary direct current produced by one of said plurality of current sources, said average direct current produced during said second time interval by one of said plurality of current sources; said momentary sum of said direct currents produced by said plurality of current sources; and said average of said sum of said direct currents produced by said plurality of current sources during one of said third time interval and said second time interval is one of greater than or less than an alarm limit. 28. The apparatus of claim 26 wherein said monitoring device further determines an alternating current from an output of a current transformer sensing an output of an inverter having an input current comprising the sum of said direct currents. 