An internal combustion engine vehicle or hybrid-electric vehicle is provided with a vehicle-mounted solar cell array capable of generating electrical power. The solar cell array and other elements, including a metal substrate catalytic convertor form a system for reducing exhaust gas emissions from the vehicle in which the power from the array is applied to minimize exhaust emissions. A primary application of the solar cell array-generated power is to preheat the catalytic convertor to a preferred operating temperature prior to engine start. But the power from the solar cells, directed by a controller, may also be applied to charge the battery or to power electric power receiving devices, for example, to control cabin temperatures. The preferred allocation of the solar power available depends on a number of factors including the state of charge of the batteries, and the time of anticipated next use of the vehicle.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A method of reducing exhaust gas emissions on starting an internal combustion engine in a vehicle; the vehicle also comprising an exhaust system for conversion of unwanted products of combustion from the engine, the exhaust system comprising a metal substrate catalytic converter with a temperature sensor, and an electrically powered heater for heating the converter with heated air; the vehicle also comprising a solar cell array power source with a sensor and adapted to deliver electrical power when illuminated with solar radiation; the vehicle further comprising at least one computer, for management of the operation of the vehicle engine, the operation of the exhaust system, and the operation of the solar cell array power source; the method being performed repetitively, using the computer, starting when the computer receives an input time for a future engine start, and then comprising the steps of: sensing the current time; and computing a waiting time period before a required engine start; sensing the current temperature of the catalytic converter and determining an amount of electrical energy to heat the converter to a predetermined operating temperature for its effective conversion of engine combustion products; sensing the current electrical output of the solar cell array, and estimating a heating time period for heating the converter to the predetermined operating temperature using the solar array; and, when an estimated heating time period is within a predetermined time range less than a current waiting time period, energizing the converter heater with electrical power from the solar cell array to preheat the metal substrate converter to its predetermined operating temperature before the engine is started. 2. The method recited in claim 1 in which the predetermined operating temperature of the metal substrate converter is about 320.degree. C. 3. The method recited in claim 1 in which the estimated heating time period is between about 1.05 and about 1.3 times a current waiting time period. 4. The method recited in claim 1 further comprising the step of: estimating the future power available from the solar array at the engine start time and using this estimate of future solar array power to estimate the time required for the power from the solar cell array to provide the energy necessary to heat the convertor from its current temperature to its preferred operating temperature. 5. The method recited in claim 1, further comprising the steps of: the vehicle receiving a remote door unlock signal from a key-fob; then, using the on-board computer, sensing the temperature of the convertor; and if the convertor temperature is at least 250.degree. C., providing, from a vehicle battery a predetermined quantity of additional electrical power to the convertor heater until the engine is started. 6. The method recited in claim 5 in which the predetermined quantity of additional electrical power to the convertor heater is about 200 watts. 7. A method of allocating electrical power generated by a vehicle-mounted solar cell array to reduce exhaust gas emissions from an internal combustion engine in a vehicle after starting the engine; the solar cell array having a power output sensor, the vehicle having an on-board computer, a clock, a battery, a plurality of power-receiving devices and an exhaust system, the exhaust system comprising a catalytic convertor with a temperature sensor and an electric catalytic convertor heater for passing heated air through the convertor, the method comprising: inputting an estimated engine start time into the computer; then, using the computer, repeatedly; sensing the current time and, using the estimated engine start time, estimating a time duration before the estimated vehicle engine start; sensing the convertor temperature; estimating a time required to heat the convertor from its current temperature to its preferred operating temperature; estimating a time duration before a required vehicle engine start; sensing a state of charge of the battery; then, comparing the convertor heating time to the estimated time duration; and, if the heating time is less than the time duration and the battery is discharged, allocating the solar cell array-generated power to charge the battery; or if the heating time is less than the time duration and the battery is charged, allocating the solar cell array-generated power to one or more of the plurality of power-receiving devices; or if heating time is greater than or equal to the time duration, allocating the solar cell array-generated power to energize the catalytic convertor heater. 8. The method recited in claim 7 further comprising the step of increasing the convertor heating time by a factor of between about 1.05 and about 1.3 to provide a safety margin. 9. The method recited in claim 7 in which the catalytic convertor is a metal substrate catalytic convertor. 10. The method recited in claim 7 in which the preferred operating temperature for the catalytic convertor is at least about 320.degree. C. 11. The method recited in claim 7 in which the engine start time is locally input into the computer by a vehicle operator. 12. The method recited in claim 7 in which the engine start time is remotely input into the computer by a vehicle operator using a cellular phone. 13. A system for reducing exhaust emissions from a vehicle with an electrical system and comprising an internal combustion engine and an exhaust system for discharge of products of combustion, the system comprising: a vehicle-mounted solar cell array with a sensor, to monitor the electrical power output by the array, the output power, being distributed through the vehicle electrical system; a catalytic convertor with a temperature sensor, the convertor being located in the engine exhaust system and exposed to vehicle exhaust; an electrically-powered catalytic convertor heater adapted to pass heated air through the convertor and integrated into the vehicle exhaust system; an on-vehicle computer-based controller, in communication with at least the array power sensor and the convertor temperature sensor, for distributing power from the solar cell array to at least the convertor heater to pre-heat the catalytic convertor to a preferred operating temperature prior to engine start. 14. A system for reducing exhaust emissions from a vehicle with an electrical system and comprising an internal combustion engine and an exhaust system for discharge of products of combustion recited in claim 12 in which the catalytic convertor is a metal foil substrate catalytic convertor. 