A system is described for determining if two seat buckles are attached. The system includes seat belt portions and corresponding seat buckle members. The system also includes a sensing element located within a first seat buckle member and configured to output signals corresponding to one or both of attachment and non-attachment between the seat buckle members. A transmitter located within the first seat buckle member is configured to receive the signals from the sensing element. The transmitter transmits unique identification information, corresponding with a location of the seat belt, and data corresponding to the signals received from the sensing element. A display unit is configured to receive the unique identification information and data from the transmitter and provide a display indicative of an attachment status between the seat buckle members.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for determining if a first portion of a seat belt is attached to a second portion of a seat belt, said system comprising: a first seat belt portion comprising a first seat buckle member comprising a magnet slidably mounted therein; a second seat belt portion comprising a second seat buckle member, said second seat buckle member configured to engage said first seat buckle member in a releasable attachment, said magnet configured to slide within said first seat buckle member when said second seat buckle member contacts said magnet; a sensing element located within said first seat buckle member, sliding of said magnet further configured to cause said sensing element to change state as said second seat buckle member becomes properly engaged with said first seat buckle member and cause said sensing element to change state as said second seat buckle member properly disengages from said first seat buckle member, said sensing element configured to output signals upon changing state, the change in state corresponding to one or both of attachment and non-attachment between said first seat buckle member and said second seat buckle member; a transmitter located within said first seat buckle member and configured to receive the signals from said sensing element, said transmitter further configured to transmit unique identification information and data corresponding to the signals received from said sensing element, the unique identification information corresponding with a location of the seat belt; and a display unit configured to receive the unique identification information and data from said transmitter, said display unit further configured to provide a display indicative of an attachment status between said first seat buckle member and said second seat buckle member. 2. A system according to claim 1 further comprising: an electrical energy storage device located within said first seat buckle member; and an energy harvesting device located within said first seat buckle member, operable to store harvested energy in said electrical energy storage device, said sensing element and said transmitter configured to use energy from one or both of said energy harvesting device and said electrical energy storage device. 3. A system according to claim 2 wherein said energy harvesting device comprises at least one of: a mechanical device activated by one or both of attaching said first seat buckle member to said second seat buckle member, and releasing said first seat buckle member from said second seat buckle member; a photovoltaic device mounted to said first seat buckle member such that said photovoltaic device may be impinged by one or more light sources; a vibration harvesting device exposed to vibrations experienced by said first seat buckle member; and a thermoelectric device operable when said first seat buckle member is exposed to a thermal gradient. 4. A system according to claim 1 wherein said transmitter is configured to periodically transmit the unique identification information on a periodic basis, as a verification that said system is operable. 5. A system according to claim 1 wherein said sensing element comprises at least one of: a magnetically operable switch mounted in said first seat buckle member; and a micro-switch mounted in said first seat buckle member that is operated when mechanically engaged by said magnet. 6. A system according to claim 1 further comprising: an electrical energy storage device located within said first seat buckle member; and an energy harvesting device located within said first seat buckle member, activated by said sensing element, and operable to store harvested energy in said electrical energy storage device, said sensing element and said transmitter configured to use energy from one or both of said energy harvesting device and said electrical energy storage device. 7. A system according to claim 1 wherein said display unit comprises at least one of: a receiver configured to receive transmissions from said transmitter and an indicator, said receiver coupled to said indicator, said receiver and said indicator located within an area proximate a seat associated with the seat belt, said indicator configured to display an attachment status for a seat belt as received from said receiver; a receiver configured to receive transmissions from said transmitter, a computer system configured to receive data from said receiver, and a computer display coupled to said computer system, said computer display configured to display an attachment status for at least one seat belt as received from said receiver; and a receiver configured to receive transmissions from said transmitter and an indicator panel, said receiver coupled to said indicator panel, said indicator panel comprising a plurality of indicators configured to display an attachment status for at least one seat belt as received from said receiver. 8. A system according to claim 7 wherein said indicator and said indicator panel comprise one of: light emitting devices that illuminate when said first seat buckle member is properly attached to said second seat buckle member and extinguish when said first seat buckle member is disengaged from said second seat buckle member; light emitting devices that extinguish when said first seat buckle member is properly attached to said second seat buckle member and illuminate when said first seat buckle member is disengaged from said second seat buckle member; and light emitting devices that illuminate with a first color when said first seat buckle member is properly attached to said second seat buckle member and illuminate with a second color when said first seat buckle member is disengaged from said second seat buckle member. 9. A system according to claim 7 wherein said computer display comprises display elements in a first color when a corresponding said first seat buckle member is properly attached to a corresponding said second seat buckle member and display elements in a second color when the corresponding said first seat buckle member is disengaged from the corresponding said second seat buckle member. 10. A system according to claim 1 further comprising at least one magnet fixedly mounted at an engaging end of said second seat buckle member, said at least one magnet operable to enhance an alignment between said first seat buckle member and said second seat buckle member for purposes of guiding said second seat belt member into an alignment position with respect to said first seat buckle member such that said second seat belt member may be inserted into said first seat buckle member. 11. A seat belt buckle comprising: a first seat buckle member comprising a magnet slidably mounted therein; a second seat buckle member, said second seat buckle member configured to engage said first seat buckle member in a releasable attachment, said magnet configured to slide within said first seat buckle member when said second seat buckle member contacts said magnet; a sensing element located within said first seat buckle member, sliding of said magnet further configured to cause said sensing element to change state as said second seat buckle member becomes properly engaged with said first seat buckle member and cause said sensing element to change state as said second seat buckle member properly disengages from said first seat buckle member, said sensing element configured to output signals upon changing state, the change in state corresponding to one or both of attachment and non-attachment between said first seat buckle member and said second seat buckle member; and a transmitter located within said first seat buckle member and configured to receive the signals from said sensing element, said transmitter further configured to transmit unique identification information and data corresponding to the signals received from said sensing element, the unique identification information corresponding with a location of the seat belt buckle. 12. A seat belt buckle according to claim 11 wherein said transmitter is configured to periodically transmit the unique identification information on a periodic basis, as a verification that said system is operable. 13. A seat belt buckle according to claim 11 wherein said sensing element comprises at least one of: a magnetically operable switch mounted in said first seat buckle member; and a micro-switch mounted in said first seat buckle member that is operated when said second seat buckle member is properly engages, or disengages, said first seat buckle member. 14. A seat belt buckle according to claim 11 further comprising: an electrical energy storage device located within said first seat buckle member; and an energy harvesting device located within said first seat buckle member, operable to harvest energy received at said first seat buckle member and further operable to store at least a portion of the harvested energy in said electrical energy storage device, said sensing element and said transmitter configured to use energy from one or both of said energy harvesting device and said electrical energy storage device. 15. A seat belt buckle according to claim 14 wherein said energy harvesting device comprises at least one of: a mechanical device activated by one or both of attaching said first seat buckle member to said second seat buckle member, and releasing said first seat buckle member from said second seat buckle member; a photovoltaic device mounted to said first seat buckle member such that said photovoltaic device may be impinged by one or more light sources; a vibration harvesting device exposed to vibrations experienced by said first seat buckle member; and a thermoelectric device operable when said first seat buckle member is exposed to a thermal gradient. 16. A seat belt buckle according to claim 11 further comprising at least one magnet fixedly mounted at an engaging end of said second seat buckle member, said at least one magnet operable to enhance an alignment between said first seat buckle member and said second seat buckle member for purposes of guiding said second seat belt member into an alignment position with respect to said first seat buckle member such that said second seat belt member may be inserted into said first seat buckle member. 17. A method for monitoring an engagement between a first seat buckle member and a second seat buckle member, said method comprising: utilizing at least one slidably mounted magnet within the first seat buckle member to cause a sensing element within the first seat buckle member to change state when the second seat buckle member contacts the magnet and slides the magnet relative to the sensing element; receiving a transmission from the first seat buckle member, the transmission triggered by the change of state of the sensing element; and operating an indicator based on the received transmissions, the indicator operable to indicate a status of engagement between the first seat buckle member and the second seat buckle member. 18. A method according to claim 17 further comprising utilizing an energy harvesting device located within the first seat buckle member to provide electrical energy to a transmitter associated with the received transmission and to the sensing element. 19. A method according to claim 18 further comprising: incorporating an energy storage device into the first seat buckle member; and providing a charge to the energy storage device from the energy harvesting device. 20. A method according to claim 19 further comprising: providing power to the transmitter from the energy storage device when power from the energy harvesting device is not available or insufficient; and periodically transmitting the status of engagement between the first seat buckle member and the second seat buckle member to verify an operational status of the sensing element and the transmitter. 21. A method according to claim 17 wherein receiving a transmission comprises receiving unique identification information within the transmission, the unique identification information corresponding with a location of the seat buckle members. 