A solar collector includes a collecting mirror defining a radiation-transparent window. A collimating mirror re-reflects the collected radiation through the window to a black-body absorber located behind the collecting mirror. A working fluid flows through the black-body absorber to absorb the resulting power and to transfer the power to a utilization apparatus. The collecting and collimating mirrors may be elongated (cylindrical), or they may be axially symmetric. The working fluid may flow through a separate tube, or simply be contained by an aperture in a block of insulation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar power collector for transferring solar energy to a working fluid, said solar power collector comprising: a collecting reflector having a line of symmetry, said collecting reflector having a window centered on said line of symmetry; a collimating reflector defining a line of symmetry; wherein said lines of symmetry are coincident such that said collimating reflector is oriented to direct solar radiation toward said window; and an absorber mounted adjacent said window for absorbing solar radiation directed through said window from said collimating reflector, and for transferring energy of said solar radiation to a working fluid disposed in a cavity defined in said absorber, wherein said absorber is arranged in a block of insulating material having a first side, at least a portion of the first side abutting a rear surface of said collecting reflector. 2. A collector according to claim 1, wherein said collecting reflector and said collimating reflector each has a parabolic cross-section. 3. A collector according to claim 1, wherein said cavity comprises a hollow tube containing said working fluid. 4. A solar collector according to claim 1, wherein said window is transparent to infrared radiation. 5. A solar collector according to claim 1, wherein the collimating reflector is located closer to the collecting reflector than a focal point of the collecting reflector such that the collimating reflector intercepts all of the solar radiation reflected by the collecting reflector. 6. A method for transferring solar energy to a working fluid, comprising: providing a collecting mirror having a line of symmetry and a window centered on said line of symmetry; providing a collimating mirror defining a line of symmetry coincident with the line of symmetry of said collecting mirror; directing solar radiation through said window, said solar radiation reflected from said collecting mirror and said collimating mirror; absorbing said solar radiation in a working fluid disposed adjacent said collecting mirror, and insulating said working fluid within a block of insulating material having a first side, at least a portion of the first side abutting a rear surface of said collecting mirror. 7. A method according to claim 6, wherein said working fluid is disposed in a pipe such that said working fluid is transferrable to a remote location. 8. A method according to claim 6, wherein the step of absorbing said solar radiation comprises vaporizing said working fluid. 9. A solar power collector for transducing solar power to a working fluid, said solar power collector comprising: a collecting mirror defining a line of symmetry, and also defining a solar power collecting region lying on said line of symmetry, said collecting mirror also defining a window centered on said line of symmetry, said window having a given dimension perpendicular to said line of symmetry; a collimating mirror defining a line of symmetry, said collimating mirror having a dimension perpendicular to said line of symmetry substantially equal to said given dimension; a mounting arrangement coupled to said collecting and collimating mirrors, for mounting said lines of symmetry in coincidence, with said collimating mirror located at said power collection region, and oriented to redirect collected power toward said window, and eclipsing said window when said collecting mirror is oriented with said coincident lines of symmetry; and a black-body absorber mounted adjacent that side of said window remote from said collimating mirror, for absorbing solar radiation flowing through said window from said collimating mirror, and for transferring energy of said solar radiation to said working fluid, wherein said mounting arrangement comprises a block of insulating material in contact with at least a portion of a rear surface of said collecting mirror, said block further defining an aperture dimensioned to accommodate said black-body absorber and communicating said aperture with that side of said window remote from said collimating mirror. 10. A collector according to claim 1, wherein said window is transparent to the infrared region. 11. A collector according to claim 1, wherein said collecting mirror has a parabolic cross-section in a plane parallel to said coincident lines of symmetry. 12. A collector according to claim 1, wherein said black-body absorber comprises a hollow tube extending through at least a portion of said aperture, said hollow tube containing said working fluid. 13. A collector according to claim 1, wherein said aperture contains said working fluid. 14. A solar power collector for transducing solar power to a working fluid, said solar power collector comprising: a collecting mirror defining at least an axis of symmetry, and also defining a solar power collecting region lying on said axis of symmetry, said collecting mirror also defining a window centered on said axis of symmetry, said window having a given dimension perpendicular to said line of symmetry; a collimating mirror defining an axis of symmetry, said collimating mirror having a dimension perpendicular to said line of symmetry substantially equal to said given dimension; a mounting arrangement coupled to said collecting and collimating mirrors, for mounting said axes of symmetry in coincidence, with said collimating mirror located at said power collection region, and oriented to redirect collected power toward said window when said collecting mirror is oriented with said coincident lines of symmetry; and a black-body absorber mounted adjacent that side of said window remote from said collimating mirror, for absorbing solar radiation flowing through said window from said collimating mirror, and for transferring energy of said solar radiation to said working fluid, wherein said mounting arrangement comprises a block of insulating material having a first side, at least a portion of the first side abutting a rear surface of said collecting mirror, said block further defining an aperture dimensioned to accommodate said black-body absorber and communicating said aperture with that side of said window remote from said collimating mirror. 15. A collector according to claim 14, wherein said portion of said first side of said block of insulating material comprises a complementary profile to said rear surface of said collecting mirror. 16. A collector according to claim 15, wherein said rear surface of said collecting mirror comprises a curved profile, and said portion of said first side of said block of insulating material comprises a complementary curved profile to said rear surface. 17. A collector according to claim 14, wherein said aperture is sized to correspond to that of said window. 18. A solar power collector for transducing solar power to a working fluid, said solar power collector comprising: a parabolic collecting mirror defining a line of symmetry, and also defining a solar power collecting region lying on said line of symmetry, said collecting mirror also defining a window centered on said line of symmetry, said window having a given dimension perpendicular to said line of symmetry; a collimating mirror defining a line of symmetry, said collimating mirror having a dimension perpendicular to said line of symmetry substantially equal to said given dimension; a mounting arrangement coupled to said collecting and collimating mirrors, for mounting said lines of symmetry in coincidence, with said collimating mirror located at said power collection region, and oriented to redirect collected power toward said window, and eclipsing said window when said collecting mirror is oriented with said coincident lines of symmetry; and an elongated black-body line absorber mounted adjacent that side of said window remote from said collimating mirror, for absorbing solar radiation flowing through said window from said collimating mirror, and for transferring energy of said solar radiation to said working fluid, wherein said mounting arrangement comprises an elongated block of insulating material in contact with at least a portion of a rear surface of said collecting mirror, said block further defining an aperture lying on said conjoined lines of symmetry and dimensioned to accommodate said black-body line absorber and also defining an opening communicating said aperture with that side of said window remote from said collimating mirror. 19. A collector according to claim 18, wherein said window is transparent to the infrared region. 20. A collector according to claim 18, wherein said collecting mirror has parabolic cross-sections in planes parallel to said coincident lines of symmetry. 21. A collector according to claim 18, wherein said black-body absorber comprises a hollow tube extending through at least a portion of said aperture, said hollow tube containing said working fluid. 22. A collector according to claim 18, wherein said aperture contains said working fluid. 23. A collector according to claim 22, wherein said working fluid is water, and said insulation is hydrophobic. 24. A collector according to claim 22, wherein said elongated aperture is coated with sealant. 