Microprocessor-controlled light emitting diode (LED) arrays are built into an extruded tubular lens within a mast that is connected to a base assembly. A means of mounting, which may be an adjustable clamp, permits the base assembly to be connected to a seat post or other mounting point on a bicycle or other vehicle. The tubular lens allows for substantial dispersion of light, and various light patterns produced by the arrays may be selected and those patterns alternated automatically to achieve greater visibility of the vehicle to surrounding motorists. A handle within the base assembly allows a rider to lower the mast from its vertical operating position easily and pivotally up to 90 degrees parallel to the longitudinal axis of the vehicle frame to facilitate mounting and dismounting the vehicle.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus, comprising: an illuminable extruded tubular lens within a mast; at least one light emitting diode (LED) within said illuminable extruded tubular lens; a base assembly to which said mast is connected; mounting means incorporated into said base assembly for attaching said base assembly to a mounting point on a vehicle; a control box with a printed wiring assembly into which is integrated a programmable microprocessor; and a handle member incorporated into said base assembly that, by means of a detent joint formed within the base assembly, allows said mast to be raised and lowered pivotally between a vertical operating position and a horizontal position parallel to the longitudinal frame of a vehicle on which the apparatus has been mounted. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, the control box is incorporated into the base assembly. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, the control box is incorporated into the handle member. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, the control box is incorporated into the mast. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprises a power source for said LED and the programmable microprocessor. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, the power source is at least one of a battery, a solar panel, or a kinetic-based power source. 7. The apparatus of claim 5, the power source is incorporated into the base assembly. 8. The apparatus of claim 5, the power source is incorporated into at least one of the handle member or the mast. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprises an array of LEDs that illuminate a plurality of light patterns that are alternated automatically by said programmable microprocessor. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, the light patterns include at least one of a letter, a word, a shape, or a symbol. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, the mounting point is a bicycle seat post, and the mounting means is a seat clamp assembly comprised of a seat clamp and a clamp cap. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 further comprises a second detent joint on the base assembly connecting the base assembly to the seat clamp assembly, the second detent joint allows adjustment of a height associated with the base assembly and the mast. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, the detent joint within the base assembly is of a spring-actuated lever and notched wheel design and the second detent joint on the base assembly connecting the base assembly to the seat clamp assembly is of a spring-actuated lever and notched wheel design. 14. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprises a portion of the mast that telescopes to at least one of increase or decrease a length associated with the mast. 15. An apparatus, comprising: an illuminable extruded tubular lens within a mast; at least one light emitting diode (LED) within said illuminable extruded tubular lens; a control box with a printed wiring assembly into which is integrated a programmable microprocessor to control the at least one LED; an array of LEDs that illuminate a plurality of light patterns that are customized by a user; a base assembly to which said mast is connected; mounting means incorporated into said base assembly for attaching said base assembly to a mounting point on a vehicle; and a handle member incorporated into said base assembly that, by means of a detent joint formed within the base assembly, allows said mast to be raised and lowered pivotally between a vertical operating position and a horizontal position parallel to the longitudinal frame of a vehicle on which the apparatus has been mounted. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, the vehicle is at least one of a bicycle, a tricycle, a motorcycle, a moped, a motor scooter, an all terrain vehicle (ATV), a snowmobile, a tractor, a motorized or battery-powered ride-on toy, a two-wheeled motorized personal transport, or a stroller. 17. The apparatus of claim 15 further comprises a wireless box that transmits a signal to the control box, the light pattern is illuminated based upon the signal. 18. An apparatus, comprising: an illuminable extruded tubular lens within a mast; at least one light emitting diode (LED) within said illuminable extruded tubular lens; a base assembly to which said mast is connected; a control box with a printed wiring assembly into which is integrated a programmable microprocessor, a power source for said LED and the programmable microprocessor, and a switch for turning on and off said LED; mounting means incorporated into said base assembly for attaching said base assembly to a mounting point on a vehicle; a handle member incorporated into said base assembly that, by means of a detent joint formed within the base assembly, allows said mast to be raised and lowered pivotally between a vertical operating position and a horizontal position parallel to the longitudinal frame of a vehicle on which the apparatus has been mounted; and a portion of the mast that telescopes to at least one of increase or decrease a length associated with the mast. 