A mobile terminal disposed with electronic paper and a method for displaying data in the mobile terminal are disclosed, wherein the mobile terminal comprises: a first display including a light emitting display; a second display including an electronic paper; and a controller configured to turn off the first display and to allow data to be displayed on the second display if a power event occurs.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mobile terminal, comprising: a first display configured to display data according to a user input, the first display including a light-emitting display; a second display including an electronic paper display; and a controller configured to: detect a power-related event of the mobile terminal, the power-related event including a power-off event, a power-insufficient event or a power-saving event, control the first display to be powered off in response to the detection of the power-related event, and control the second display to display at least a portion of the data displayed on the first display in response to the detection of the power-related event. 2. The mobile terminal of claim 1, wherein the controller is further configured to detect a movement event related to the mobile terminal. 3. The mobile terminal of claim 1, wherein the controller is further configured to detect a wake-up event and to provide wake-up data to be displayed on either the first or second displays when the wake-up event is detected. 4. The mobile terminal of claim 3, wherein the second display has a higher priority than the first display to display the wake-up data when the wake-up event is detected. 5. The mobile terminal of claim 3, wherein the wake-up data comprises a text message reception, a voice call reception, a video call reception, a folder-open, a slider-open, or a side key input. 6. The mobile terminal of claim 3, further comprising: a light emitting unit, disposed at one side of the second display and configured to illuminate the second display and wherein the controller is further configured to enable the light emitting unit when the wake-up event is detected. 7. The mobile terminal of claim 6, wherein the wake-up data displayed on the second display becomes visible when the light emitting unit is activated to emit light to the second display. 8. The mobile terminal of claim 1, further comprising: a movement detecting sensor configured to detect movement of the mobile terminal, wherein the controller is configured to control the second display to display the at least the portion of the data displayed on the first display when movement of the mobile terminal is detected by the movement detecting sensor. 9. The mobile terminal of claim 1, further comprising: a solar cell configured to supply power to the second display. 10. The mobile terminal of claim 9, wherein the solar cell is a transparent solar cell that is disposed on either the first or second display. 11. The mobile terminal of claim 1, further comprising: a memory unit configured to store a predetermined menu and wherein the controller is further configured to execute the predetermined menu to provide a display object from the predetermined menu to be displayed on the second display. 12. The mobile terminal of claim 11, further comprising: a user input unit for setting a set-up display object to be displayed on the second display during occurrence of the power-related event and wherein the controller is further configured to control the second display to display the set-up display object. 13. The mobile terminal of claim 12, wherein the set-up display object includes at least a recent message receipt list, a current phonebook list, a recent call list, telephone information of the mobile terminal, a user description word, map information, schedule information, an image file, or Internet information. 14. The mobile terminal of claim 11, wherein the predetermined menu includes at least an image call menu, a message reception menu, a telephone call, a mobile digital broadcasting menu, a camera album menu or an electronic book (e-book) menu. 15. The mobile terminal of claim 11, wherein the display object includes at least a photograph image captured by a camera corresponding to the predetermined menu, a text message, call information, an image received from a broadcasting module, an image file, or electronic book (e-book) data. 16. The mobile terminal of claim 1, wherein the controller is further configured to display a notification message on a portion of the second display indicating a status of the mobile terminal when the event is detected. 17. A mobile terminal, comprising: a first body including a first display formed with a light emitting display and a first connector, the first display configured to display data according to a user input; a second body including a second display formed with an electronic paper display and a second connector configured to connect to the first connector, wherein the second body is non-permanently coupled to the first body via the first and second connectors; and a controller configured to control the second display to display at least a portion of the data displayed on the first display upon detecting the first body detached from the second body. 18. The mobile terminal of claim 17, wherein the second body further comprises a third display formed with a light emitting display and configured to display data and the controller is further configured to control the second display to display at least a portion of the data displayed on the first display and at least a portion of the data displayed on the third display as combined data when a folder-close event is detected. 19. The mobile terminal claim 18, wherein the controller is further configured to separate the at least the portion of the data displayed on the second displayed into first and second data portions such that the first data portion is displayed on the first display and the second data portion is displayed on the third display when a folder-open event is detected. 20. The mobile terminal of claim 18, wherein the controller is further configured to separate the combined data into first and second data portions such that the first data portion is displayed on the first display and the second data portion is displayed on the third display when a subsequent folder-open event is detected. 21. A method for displaying data in a mobile terminal, the method comprising: displaying data according to a user input on a first display of the mobile terminal, the first display including a light emitting display; detecting a power-related event of the mobile terminal, the power-related event including a power-off event, a power-insufficient event or a power-saving event; powering off the first display in response to the detection of the power-related event; and displaying at least a portion of the data displayed on the first display on a second display including an electronic paper display in response to the detection of the power-related event. 22. The method of claim 21, further comprising: detecting a movement-related event of the mobile terminal. 23. The method of claim 21, wherein displaying the data according to the user input comprises monitoring a power supply of the mobile terminal for detecting the power-related event while receiving the user input. 24. The method of claim 21, wherein the second display receives power from a solar cell disposed on the mobile terminal. 25. The method of claim 21, further comprising: displaying a notification message on a portion of the second display indicating a status of the mobile terminal when the power-related event is detected. 26. The method of claim 21, further comprising: powering on a light emitting unit disposed on one side of the second display when a wake-up event is detected. 27. The method of claim 21, further comprising: executing a predetermined menu at the mobile terminal; and displaying at least one display object related to the predetermined menu on the second display. 28. The method of claim 21, further comprising: presetting a set-up display object; and displaying the preset set-up display object on the second display when the power-related event is generated by a user set-up. 