Described herein is a method and apparatus for simulating solar light to create an ideal testing environment for solar panels and the like. The method and apparatus may also be used to test solar resistance for color fading or resistance to high levels of solar energy. The apparatus generally consists of a plurality of mirrors directed towards a multi-faceted mirror, from which the light beams converge towards a target plane. The light intensity at the target plane is, according to one embodiment, between 100 and 200 suns.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for simulating solar light comprising: providing a convex reflective surface having a plurality of facets; providing a plurality of collimated light sources emitting a beam having a focal length; arranging the collimated light sources about the convex reflective surface so that each beam is directed to a facet and reflected to a target plane; further arranging the collimated light sources about the convex reflective surface so that the beams overlap at the target plane to thereby simulate solar light. 2. An apparatus for simulating solar light comprising: a plurality of light sources each comprising a lamp and optic components to produce a collimated beam; a convex mirror having a plurality of facets; and wherein the beams are projected onto the faceted mirror so that they converge at a target plane. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the facets comprise hexagonal planes. 4. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the light sources are arranged in a non-planar manner. 5. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the mirror includes a central opening. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein a first light source projects through the central opening. 7. An apparatus for simulating solar light comprising: a faceted mirror having a substantially hemispherical convex outer surface, the faceted mirror having an opening, a plurality of first facets at a first angle to the opening and a plurality of second facets at a second angle; a first light source having a collimated beam, the first light source projected through the opening such that the beams pass substantially perpendicular to the plane of the opening; a second light source having a collimated beam, the second light source projected onto the first facets and having an incidence angle relative to the first light source of approximately twice the first angle; a third light source, the third light source projected onto the second facets and having an incidence angle relative to the first light source of approximately twice the second angle. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 further comprising a frame to which the faceted mirror and light sources are attached. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 further comprising mounting structure between the light source and the frame. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein the mounting structure is adjustable. 11. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the first facets are hexagonal. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein the first angle is 22.5 degrees. 13. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the second facets are hexagonal. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein the second angle is 45 degrees. 15. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the light sources have a common convergence point at a target plane. 16. The apparatus of claim 15 further comprising a spectral filter between the opening and the target plane. 17. An apparatus for simulating solar light comprising: a plurality of reflective surfaces arranged in a lattice; a plurality of lights directed at said reflective surfaces having a shared focal point; and a target plane at said focal point, said plurality of lights each focusing at the same location on said target plane so as to create a high intensity beam at said location. 18. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein the plurality of reflective surfaces comprises a faceted mirror. 19. The apparatus of claim 18 wherein the faceted mirror comprises a first row of facets at a first angle and a second row of facets at a second angle. 20. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein a first set of the plurality of lights are directed at said first row facets. 21. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein a second set of said plurality of lights are directed at said second row of facets. 22. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein the faceted mirror comprises a central opening. 23. The apparatus of claim 22 wherein one of said plurality of lights is directed through said central opening to impact said target plane. 24. A method for simulating solar light comprising: providing a convex mirror having a plurality of facets; generating a plurality of beams from a plurality of light sources; and directing each of said plurality of beams to a separate facet; reflecting said beams from said mirror to a target plane. 25. The method of claim 24 wherein said mirror comprises an opening through which a central beam from a central light source passes. 26. The method of claim 25 wherein said central beam comprises a focal length where a diameter of said central beam is at its narrowest. 27. The method of claim 26 wherein the target plane is positioned at the focal length of the central beam. 28. The method of claim 27 wherein said plurality of beams form a concentrated beam when reflected from said facets. 29. The method of claim 28 wherein said concentrated beam is collinear with said central beam. 30. The method of claim 29 wherein said concentrated beam has a focal length corresponding to said focal length of said central beam. 