An unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) system provides for UAV deployment and remote, unattended operation with reduced logistics requirements. The system includes a launcher that can include one or more launch tubes, each launch tube configured to house a UAV in a canister and one or more gas generators operatively connected to each canister and configured to push the UAV out of the launch tube by releasing gas into the canister. A controller for activating the gas generators can sequentially, and with a predetermined time delay, expel the UAV with a desired velocity and acceleration. The system further includes a UAV recovery device, a power supply, a security subsystem, a command and control subsystem and a communications subsystem. Command, control and communications can be provided between a remote station and the UAV.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) system, comprising: a launcher, comprising: one or more launch tubes, each launch tube configured to house a UAV in a canister, each canister comprising an energetics module configured to release a gas to push the UAV out of the launch tube by releasing gas into the canister; a recovery device for recovering the UAV while in flight; and a power generation and storage system comprising at least one of a photovoltaic cell and a wind turbine for supplying power to the UAV system. 2. The UAV system of claim 1, wherein the launcher is rotatable in response to a signal indicative of at least one of wind direction and wind speed. 3. The UAV system of claim 1, wherein the recovery device is rotatable in response to a signal indicative of at least one of wind direction and wind speed. 4. The UAV system of claim 1, further comprising a security subsystem configured to permit remote monitoring an area around the UAV system. 5. The UAV system of claim 1, further comprising a device positioned within the canister and behind the UAV upon which the released gas exerts pressure for pushing the UAV out of the launch tube. 6. The UAV system of claim 1, wherein the launcher is mounted on a fixed support structure. 7. The UAV system of claim 1, wherein the launcher is mounted on a mobile support structure. 8. The UAV system of claim 1, further comprising a command and control subsystem and a communications subsystem configured to allow manual UAV launch by a remote operator. 9. The UAV system of claim 1, further comprising a command and control subsystem and a communications subsystem configured to allow automatic UAV launch in response to a signal from a remote sensor. 10. The UAV system of claim 1, wherein the launcher is mounted on a waterborne vessel. 11. The UAV system of claim 1, wherein the energetics module comprises a plurality of gas generators for releasing gas into the canister. 12. The UAV system of claim 11, wherein the gas generators are automotive air bag inflators. 13. The UAV system of claim 11, further comprising a controller for activating the gas generators sequentially and with a predetermined time delay to expel the UAV with a desired velocity and acceleration. 14. A method of operating an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) system, comprising: loading a canister containing the UAV into a launcher; supplying power to the UAV system using at least one of a photovoltaic cell and a wind turbine; activating a plurality of gas generators sequentially and with a predetermined time delay to expel the UAV with a desired velocity and acceleration; and recovering the UAV while in flight in a UAV recovery device. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising rotating the launcher in response to a signal indicative of at least one of wind direction and wind speed. 16. The method of claim 14, further comprising remotely monitoring an area around the UAV system. 17. The method of claim 14, further comprising mounting the launcher on a fixed support structure. 18. The method of claim 14, further comprising mounting the launcher on a mobile support structure. 19. The method of claim 14, wherein the launcher is mounted on a waterborne vessel. 