Examples and variations of apparatus and Methods for concentrating solar radiation are disclosed.
Claims What is claimed as new and desired to be protected by Letters Patent of the United States is: 1. A concentrating solar energy collector comprising: a) an open housing comprising a first panel and a second panel; b) a first bracket connecting the first panel and the second panel to provide an exterior housing wall; c) a heat collector; d) a first reflector positioned within said housing to receive solar radiation and concentrate at least a portion of said solar radiation on said heat collector; and e) a second reflector, a first rib and a second rib, the first rib contacting the first panel and at least a portion of the first reflector and the second rib contacting the second panel and at least a portion of the second reflector, wherein the first rib compresses the first reflector to provide a shape of a first portion of a parabolic trough, and wherein the second rib compresses the second reflector to provide the second reflector a shape of a second portion of said parabolic trough, and wherein the concentrating solar energy collector has no cover over said first and second reflectors, wherein the housing comprises a third panel connected to the first panel by a second bracket and a fourth panel connected to the second panel by a third bracket, wherein the first bracket has a first slot to receive a portion of said first reflector, and wherein the heat collector is positioned between the first reflector and the second reflector so as to receive solar radiation reflected by the first reflector and the second reflector. 2. The collector of claim 1 wherein the bracket has a first notch to receive a portion of the first panel and a second notch to receive a portion of the second panel. 3. The collector of claim 1 wherein the bracket has a second slot to receive a portion of the second reflector. 4. The collector of claim 3 wherein the first slot and the second slot are opposite one another. 5. The collector of claim 3 wherein the first slot and the second slot are offset from one another. 6. The collector of claim 3 wherein the first slot and the second slot are formed by a removable bracket portion having wings that form at least a part of the first slot and the second slot, such that removing said bracket portion loosens the first reflector and the second reflector enabling removal or replacement of said first reflector and said second reflector. 7. The collector of claim 1 wherein the bracket supports a first stanchion supporting said heat collector. 8. The collector of claim 7 wherein the bracket supports a second stanchion supporting said heat collector. 9. The collector of claim 8 wherein the first stanchion and the second stanchion hold a first heat collector support supporting the heat collector. 10. The collector of claim 9 wherein the bracket additionally supports a third stanchion and a fourth stanchion, wherein the third stanchion and the fourth stanchion hold a second heat collector support supporting the heat collector at a point distant from the first heat collector support. 11. A concentrating solar energy collector comprising: a) an open housing comprising a first panel and a second panel; b) a first bracket connecting the first panel and the second panel to provide an exterior housing wall; c) a heat collector; d) a first reflector positioned within said housing to receive solar radiation and concentrate at least a portion of said solar radiation on said heat collector; and e) a second reflector, a first rib and a second rib, the first rib contacting the first panel and at least a portion of the first reflector and the second rib contacting the second panel and at least a portion of the second reflector, wherein the first rib compresses the first reflector to provide a shape of a first portion of a parabolic trough, and wherein the second rib compresses the second reflector to provide the second reflector a shape of a second portion of said parabolic trough, and wherein the concentrating solar energy collector has no cover over said first and second reflectors, wherein the housing comprises a third panel connected to the first panel by a second bracket and a fourth panel connected to the second panel by a third bracket, and wherein the first panel and the second panel are substantially identical or identical, and wherein the third panel and the fourth panel are substantially identical or identical, and wherein the heat collector is positioned between the first reflector and the second reflector so as to receive solar radiation reflected by the first reflector and the second reflector. 12. The collector of claim 11 wherein the second bracket and the third bracket are substantially identical or identical. 13. A concentrating solar energy collector comprising: a) an open housing comprising a first panel and a second panel; b) a first bracket connecting the first panel and the second panel to provide an exterior housing wall; c) a heat collector; d) a first reflector positioned within said housing to receive solar radiation and concentrate at least a portion of said solar radiation on said heat collector; and e) a second reflector, a first rib and a second rib, the first rib contacting the first panel and at least a portion of the first reflector and the second rib contacting the second panel and at least a portion of the second reflector, wherein the first rib compresses the first reflector to provide a shape of a first portion of a parabolic trough, and wherein the second rib compresses the second reflector to provide the second reflector a shape of a second portion of said parabolic trough, and wherein the concentrating solar energy collector has no cover over said first and second reflectors, wherein the housing comprises a third panel connected to the first panel by a second bracket and a fourth panel connected to the second panel by a third bracket, and wherein the collector further comprises f) a fourth bracket secured to the third panel and a fifth bracket secured to the fourth panel, the first, second, third, fourth, and fifth brackets each having at least one reflector-receiving slot, g) a third reflector and a fourth reflector, wherein the first reflector is secured in compression by the slots of the first bracket and the second bracket, the second reflector is secured in compression by the slots of the first bracket and the third bracket, the third reflector is secured in compression by the slots of the second bracket and the fourth bracket, and the fourth reflector is secured in compression by the slots of the third bracket and the fifth bracket, and wherein the heat collector is positioned between the first reflector and the second reflector so as to receive solar radiation reflected by the first reflector and the second reflector. 14. The collector of claim 13 wherein the fourth bracket and the fifth bracket each additionally have a slot positioned opposite one another to receive a transparent cover that shields the reflector from ambient dirt. 15. The collector of claim 1 wherein the first rib deforms the first reflector to provide a portion of a shape of a first parabola, and wherein the second rib deforms the second reflector to provide a portion of a shape of a second parabola such that the first reflector has a line of focus different from a line of focus, of the second reflector. 16. A concentrating solar energy collector comprising: a) an open housing comprising a first panel and a second panel; b) a first bracket connecting the first panel and the second panel to provide an exterior housing wall; c) a heat collector; d) a first reflector positioned within said housing to receive solar radiation and concentrate at least a portion of said solar radiation on said heat collector; and e) a second reflector, a first rib and a second rib, the first rib contacting the first panel and at least a portion of the first reflector and the second rib contacting the second panel and at least a portion of the second reflector, wherein the first rib compresses the first reflector to provide a shape of a first portion of a parabolic trough, and wherein the second rib compresses the second reflector to provide the second reflector a shape of a second portion of said parabolic trough, and wherein the concentrating solar energy collector has no cover over said first and second reflectors, wherein the collector further comprises a third rib and a fourth rib, the third rib being in contact with the first panel and the first reflector and the fourth rib being in contact with the second panel and the second reflector, and wherein the collector further comprises a fifth rib and a sixth rib, the fifth rib being in contact with the first panel and the first reflector and the sixth rib being in contact with the second panel and the second reflector, and wherein the heat collector is positioned between the first reflector and the second reflector so as to receive solar radiation reflected by the first reflector and the second reflector. 17. The collector of claim 1 having third and fourth panels and first, second, third, and fourth reflectors, and additionally the first rib contacting the third panel and the third reflector and the second rib contacting the fourth panel and the fourth reflector, wherein said first and second ribs provide shape to the third reflector and the fourth reflector. 18. A concentrating solar energy collector comprising: a) an open housing comprising a first panel and a second panel; b) a first bracket connecting the first panel and the second panel to provide an exterior housing wall; c) a heat collector; d) a first reflector positioned within said housing to receive solar radiation and concentrate at least a portion of said solar radiation on said heat collector; and e) a second reflector, a first rib and a second rib, the first rib contacting the first panel and at least a portion of the first reflector and the second rib contacting the second panel and at least a portion of the second reflector, wherein the first rib compresses the first reflector to provide a shape of a first portion of a parabolic trough, and wherein the second rib compresses the second reflector to provide the second reflector a shape of a second portion of said parabolic trough, and wherein the concentrating solar energy collector has no cover over said first and second reflectors, wherein the housing comprises a third panel connected to the first panel by a second bracket and a fourth panel connected to the second panel by a third bracket, and having third and fourth panels and first, second, third, and fourth reflectors, and additionally the first rib contacting the third panel and the third reflector and the second rib contacting the fourth panel and the fourth reflector, wherein said first and second ribs provide shape to the third reflector and the fourth reflector and further comprising a third rib contacting the third panel and the third reflector and a fourth rib contacting the fourth panel and the fourth reflector, wherein said third and fourth ribs provide shape to the third reflector and the fourth reflector, and wherein the heat collector is positioned between the first reflector and the second reflector so as to receive solar radiation reflected by the first reflector and the second reflector. 19. The collector of claim 18 and further comprising a fifth rib contacting the third panel and the third reflector and a sixth rib contacting the fourth panel and the fourth reflector, wherein said fifth and sixth ribs provide shape to the third reflector and the fourth reflector. 20. A concentrating solar energy collector comprising: a) an open housing comprising a first panel and a second panel; b) a first bracket connecting the first panel and the second panel to provide an exterior housing wall; c) a heat collector; d) a first reflector positioned within said housing to receive solar radiation and concentrate at least a portion of said solar radiation on said heat collector; and e) a second reflector, a first rib and a second rib, the first rib contacting the first panel and at least a portion of the first reflector and the second rib contacting the second panel and at least a portion of the second reflector, wherein the first rib compresses the first reflector to provide a shape of a first portion of a parabolic trough, and wherein the second rib compresses the second reflector to provide the second reflector a shape of a second portion of said parabolic trough, and wherein the concentrating solar energy collector has no cover over said first and second reflectors, wherein the housing comprises a third panel connected to the first panel by a second bracket and a fourth panel connected to the second panel by a third bracket wherein said second bracket and said third bracket each has a length about equal to or equal to a length of the first panel and the second panel, and wherein the heat collector is positioned between the first reflector and the second reflector so as to receive solar radiation reflected by the first reflector and the second reflector. 21. The collector of claim 1 wherein said first bracket is an extruded metal bracket. 22. The collector of claim 20 wherein all of said brackets are extruded metal. 23. A method of assembling a concentrating solar energy collector, the method comprising: a) coupling a first panel to a second panel with a first bracket having first and second slots to form at least a portion of a bottom section of an open housing; b) coupling a third panel to said bottom section of said housing with a second bracket to form at least a portion of a first side of said housing; c) coupling a fourth panel to said bottom section of said housing with a third bracket to form at least a portion of a second side of said housing; and d) positioning a first and second reflector within said housing in contact with a first rib and a second rib respectively to receive solar radiation and concentrate it on a heat collector; wherein the first rib contacts the first panel and at least a portion of the first reflector and the second rib contacts the second panel and at least a portion of the second reflector, wherein the first rib compresses the first reflector to provide a shape of a first portion of a parabolic trough, and wherein the second rib compresses the second reflector to provide a shape of a second portion of said parabolic trough, coupling the first reflector with the first slot of the first bracket and coupling the second reflector with the second slot of the first bracket, and coupling the heat collector to the first bracket, wherein the first, second, and third brackets have a length equal or about equal to a length of the housing, and wherein the heat collector is positioned between the first reflector and the second reflector so as to receive solar radiation reflected by the first reflector and the second reflector. 24. The method of claim 23 wherein the first reflector is placed within the housing by flexing an elastically deformable reflector and retaining the first reflector in compression within the housing. 25. A concentrating solar energy collector according to claim 1, wherein the heat collector extends linearly through the solar energy collector from a first solar energy collector mounting to a second solar energy collector mounting supporting the housing, and the housing is pivotably mounted to said first and second solar energy collector mountings such that the housing is rotatable about the heat collector. 26. A concentrating solar energy collector according to claim 16, wherein the heat collector extends linearly through the solar energy collector from a first solar energy collector mounting to a second solar energy collector mounting supporting the housing, and the housing is pivotably mounted to said first and second solar energy collector mountings such that the housing is rotatable about the heat collector. 27. A method according to claim 23, further comprising extending a heat collector linearly through the solar energy collector from a first solar energy collector mounting to a second solar energy collector mounting supporting the housing, and pivotably mounting said housing to said first and second solar energy collector mountings such that the housing is rotatable about the heat collector. 28. The collector of any of claims 16, 25, or 2 wherein said first bracket has a length about equal to or equal to a length of the first panel and the second panel. 29. A collector assembly comprising a plurality of the collector of any of claim 1, 16, 25, or 26 secured to one another. 