The present invention places an electronic controller and/or a triac in a frame, a cover, a chase, or a mounting member of a heated glass panel assembly, where the panel has a conductive coating dispose on it. By placing the controller in the panel frame, the cover, the chase, or the mounting member, field wiring of the panel assembly is greatly reduced, wire lengths are standardized, production glazing, wiring, and pre-testing are facilitated, and installation time and complexity are minimized. By placing the triac in thermal contact with the panel frame, the cover, the chase, or the mounting member, the heat from the triac may be used to complement the heat supplied by the assembly.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A heated glass panel assembly, comprising: a panel comprised of at least one of an insulated glass panel, a laminated glass panel, and a single glass panel, the panel having a conductive coating disposed thereon; a member comprised of at least one of a frame, a cover, a chase, and a mounting member, the member being disposed on a periphery of the panel; and at least one triac disposed within the member and in direct thermal contact with a thermally conductive area of the member. 2. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, wherein the thermally conductive area comprises a thermally conductive metal. 3. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, further comprising an electronic controller in electrical communication with the conductive coating, the electronic controller being disposed within the member. 4. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 3, further comprising wiring disposed within the member, wherein the wiring is utilized to electrically connect at least the controller to the triac, the assembly to electrical power, and the assembly to other assemblies. 5. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 3, wherein the controller is part of an integrated connection circuit. 6. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, wherein the panel is an architectural panel. 7. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, wherein the panel is a solar panel capable of supplying electricity to an electrical appliance, a motor, or a battery. 8. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1 wherein the panel is a warming oven shelf. 9. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, wherein the panel is an oven door. 10. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, wherein the panel is a cloth heater. 11. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, wherein the mounting member is a base setting block. 12. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, wherein the triac is capable of providing at least 9 watts per square foot for heating a room by way of the thermally conductive area of the member. 13. An assembly of heated glass panels, comprising: at least two panels, wherein each panel is comprised of at least one of an insulated glass panel, a laminated glass panel, and a single glass panel, each panel having a conductive coating disposed thereon; at least two members, wherein each member is comprised of at least one of a frame, a cover, a chase, and a mounting member, each member being disposed on a periphery of a corresponding one of the at least two panels; and at least one triac disposed within each member, each triac being in direct thermal contact with a thermally conductive area of a corresponding member. 14. The assembly of heated glass panels of claim 13, wherein the thermally conductive area of each member comprises a thermally conductive metal. 15. The assembly of heated glass panels of claim 13, further comprising at least one electronic controller disposed within each member and in electrical communication with a corresponding conductive coating and a corresponding triac. 16. The assembly of heated glass panels of claim 15, further comprising wiring disposed within each member, the wiring being utilized to at least electrically connect the triac to the controller, to electrically connect electrical power to the panels, and to electrically connect the panels together. 17. A method, comprising: providing a panel comprised of at least one of an insulated glass panel, a laminated glass panel, and a single glass panel, the panel having a conductive coating disposed thereon; providing a member comprised of at least one of a frame, a cover, a chase, and a mounting member, the member being disposed on a periphery of the panel; providing at least one triac disposed within the member and in direct thermal contact with a thermally conductive area of the member; and directly thermally conducting heat from the triac to the thermally conductive area of the member, thereby transferring triac heat to an area exterior to the member. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising disposing at least one electronic controller within each member, the electronic controller electrically communicating with the conductive coating and the triac. 