Disclosed herein is a solar array support structure that includes a mounting structure extending a length and configured to receive a solar array. The solar array support structure further includes a support column extending from the mounting structure into a ground. Moreover, the solar array support structure includes a lateral force resistance component in communication with the support column in the ground, the lateral force resistance component being dimensioned to reduce pressure on the ground from a force transmitted by the support column in a first direction and a second opposite direction more so than any other two opposite directions located in the same plane as the first and second opposite directions.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar array support structure comprising: a mounting structure extending a length and configured to receive a solar array; at least one support column extending from the mounting structure into a ground; and a lateral force resistance component removably attached to the support column in the ground, the lateral force resistance component being at least substantially planar and having a bottom edge that is pointed downward when attached to the at least one support column, the lateral force resistance component oriented parallel with the length of the mounting structure and dimensioned to reduce pressure on the ground from a force transmitted by the support column in a first direction and a second opposite direction more so than any other two opposite directions located in the same plane as the first and second opposite directions, the lateral force resistance component removably attached to the at least one support column with at least one of a clamp element and bolt element such that removal of the at least one of the clamp element and the bolt element allows for the lateral force resistance component to be completely and immediately removed from the at least one support column without sliding the lateral force resistance component over the top or under the bottom of the at least one support column. 2. The solar array support structure of claim 1, wherein the mounting structure further comprises a top horizontal rail and a bottom horizontal rail and a plurality of mounting bars installed above the top and bottom horizontal rails, wherein the mounting bars make a predetermined angle with the ground. 3. The solar array support structure of claim 2, wherein the at least one support column further comprises a plurality of vertical support columns, wherein at least one of the plurality of support columns are connected to each horizontal rail of the mounting structure. 4. The solar array support structure of claim 1, wherein the at least one support column is telescoping such that the height of the mounting structure above the ground is adjustable. 5. The solar array support structure of claim 1, wherein the solar array support structure includes the at least one support column comprising a single vertical support column configured to bear the load of the entire mounting structure and the solar array. 6. The solar array support structure of claim 3, wherein the plurality of support columns are pairs of support columns, each pair comprising a front support column and a rear support column that are each located at the same point along the length of the mounting structure, wherein the front support column is attached to the bottom horizontal rail and the rear support column is attached to the top horizontal rail. 7. The solar array support structure of claim 6, wherein the solar array support structure further comprises a plurality of cross support bars, each individual cross support bar of the plurality of cross support bars attached between each pair of vertical support columns to transfer load from the mounting structure to a base of the rear support column, wherein each cross support bar is attached to the front support column proximate the mounting structure and extends to a lower portion of the rear support column, wherein each cross support bar is configured to mechanically transfer lateral load on the solar array to the rear support column. 8. The solar array support structure of claim 1, wherein the lateral force resistance component is a planar plate extending a first vertical length axially along the at least one support column and extending a second horizontal width tangentially from the support column. 9. The solar array support structure of claim 8, wherein the lateral force resistance component is attached to the at least one support column by two clamps. 10. The solar array support structure of claim 7, wherein the first and the second direction are perpendicular to the length of the solar array support structure and parallel with the cross support bars. 11. The solar array support structure of claim 1, wherein the lateral force resistance component is a flat plate. 12. The solar array support structure of claim 8, wherein the first vertical length is greater than the second horizontal width. 13. The solar array support structure of claim 1, wherein the lateral force resistance component has bent vertical edges. 14. A method of installing a solar array comprising: introducing a plurality of front support columns at least partially into the ground; introducing a plurality of rear support columns at least partially into the ground; attaching a diagonal brace between a top of each of the plurality of front support columns and to a lower location of each of the plurality of rear support columns such that the diagonal braces extend diagonally with respect to the ground; attaching a mounting structure above the plurality of front and rear support columns; mounting a solar array to the mounting structure; driving each of the plurality of front and rear support columns to a desired position in the ground; and removably attaching a lateral force resistance component to at least one of the plurality of rear support columns, wherein the attaching the lateral force resistant component to the support column is performed after the introducing the columns at least partially into the ground the lateral force resistance component being at least substantially planar and having a bottom edge that is pointed downward when attached to the at least one support column, the lateral force resistance component oriented parallel with a length of the mounting structure and dimensioned to reduce pressure on the ground from a force transmitted by the at least one support column in a first direction and a second opposite direction more so than any other two opposite directions located in the same plane as the first and second opposite directions. 15. The method of installing a solar array of claim 14, wherein the driving the support column to the desired position in the ground is performed after the attaching the lateral force resistance component to the support column. 16. The method of installing a solar array of claim 15, wherein the attaching a lateral force resistance component comprises loosely clamping at least one clamping mechanism of the lateral force resistance component to the support column such that the support column is rotatable with respect to the lateral force resistance component and such that the support column is movable axially with respect to the lateral force resistance component. 17. The method of installing a solar array of claim 16, wherein the support column includes helical piles that are located at an end of the support column that is located in the ground, and wherein driving the support column to the desired position in the ground includes rotating the support column. 18. The method of installing a solar array of claim 17, wherein the attaching the lateral force resistance component to the support column includes attaching the lateral force resistance component to the support column at a desired depth in the ground. 19. The method of installing a solar array of claim 18, further comprising tightening the at least one clamping mechanism after the driving the support column to a desired position in the ground. 20. A solar array support structure comprising: a plurality of front support columns installed at least partially in the ground; a plurality of rear support columns installed at least partially in the ground and extending from the ground higher than the plurality of front support columns; a diagonal brace attached between a top of each of the plurality of front support columns and to a lower location of each of the plurality of rear support columns such that the diagonal braces extend diagonally with respect to the ground; a first horizontal rail attached to and extending across the top of each of the plurality of front support columns; a second horizontal rail attached to and extending across the top of each of the plurality of rear support columns; a plurality of mounting bars installed on top of the first and second horizontal rails such that the plurality of mounting bars are configured to receive an attachable solar array; at least one lateral force resistance component removably attachable to at least one of the plurality of rear support columns, the at least one lateral force resistance component located at least partially in the ground, the lateral force resistance component being at least substantially planar and having a bottom edge that is pointed downward when attached to the at least one support column, the lateral force resistance component oriented parallel with a length of the first and second horizontal rails and dimensioned to reduce pressure on the ground from a force transmitted by the at least one rear support column in a first direction and a second opposite direction more so than any other two opposite directions located in the same plane as the first and second opposite directions the lateral force resistance component removably attached to the at least one support column with at least one of a clamp element and bolt element such that removal of the at least one of the clamp element and the bolt element allows for the lateral force resistance component to be completely and immediately removed from the at least one support column without sliding the lateral force resistance component over the top or under the bottom of the at least one support column. 