An improved solar concentrating system (100) uses a two-stage arrangement of mirrors wherein the rays of the sun are reflected and concentrated to a point focus. The solar concentrator (100) may be used to increase the temperature of a substance such as metal, for use in a variety of applications including the melting of metals in a foundry furnace. The solar concentrating system (100) comprises at least two single-curved parabolic mirrors (10, 20) connected in an operable arrangement. The rays of the sun are reflected from a first single-curved parabolic mirror (10) to a second single-curved parabolic mirror (20). The plane of symmetry of the second single-curved parabolic mirror is arranged substantially orthogonal to the plane of symmetry of the first single-curved parabolic mirror thereby concentrating the rays of the sun to a point focus.
Claims The embodiments of the present invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows: 1. A solar radiation concentrating system comprising: first and second single-curved reflective surfaces, and a mounting structure associated with the first and second single-curved reflective surfaces, the mounting structure being so positioned and arranged as to selectively cause variance of a position of the first and second single-curved reflective surfaces with the principal plane of symmetry of the first single-curved reflective surface being positioned substantially orthogonal to the principal plane of symmetry of the second single-curved reflective surface so as to produce a substantially coincident point focus. 2. The solar radiation concentrating system of claim 1, wherein the mounting structure is so positioned and arranged as to selectively cause variance in the position of angles between the first and second reflective surfaces as well as pan and tilt angles of the first and second reflective surfaces whereby each of the first and second single-curved reflective surfaces is independently adjustable. 3. A solar radiation concentrating system according claim 1, wherein the first reflective surface has a focal length greater than the focal length of the second reflective surface and wherein the reflective surfaces are arranged so as to produce substantially a coincident point focus. 4. A solar radiation concentrating system according to claim 1, wherein the first and second reflective surfaces are parabolic cylinders. 5. A solar radiation concentrating system according to claim 1, further comprising a support frame. 6. A solar radiation concentrating system according to claim 5, wherein the support frame comprises means for accommodating the reflecting surface, means for changing the curvature of the reflective surface, or both thereof. 7. A solar radiation concentrating system according to claim 1, wherein the first and second single-curved reflective surfaces are made from polished stainless steel, polished aluminum, mirrored glass, silvered PVC, silvered Mylar.TM. sheets, laminations or combinations thereof. 8. A solar radiation concentrating system according to claim 1, wherein the mounting structure further comprises: a support member for each reflective surface, wherein the support member is provided with tilting means to adjust its tilt angle. 9. A solar radiation concentrating system according to claim 8, further comprising a tilt angle adjusting means and a folding and deploying means. 10. A solar radiation concentrating system according to claim 1, further comprising solar tracking means for tracking the sun and maintaining a focus on a desired position. 11. A solar radiation concentrating system comprising: at least one first single-curved reflective surface and at least one second single-curved reflective surface; the system including: a mounting structure associated with the at least one first and second reflective surface, the mounting structure comprising: a platform; and a primary and secondary boom in operable association with the platform, wherein the primary boom and the secondary boom are in operable attachment to each other and whereby the angle between the primary and secondary boom may be selectively varied and wherein the principal plane of symmetry of the at least one first single-curved reflective surface is arranged substantially orthogonal to the principal plane of symmetry of the at least one second single-curved reflective surface so as to produce a substantially coincident point focus. 12. The solar radiation concentrating system according to claim 11, wherein the mounting structure selectively causes variance of the position of the angles between the first and second reflective surfaces as well as the pan and tilt angles of the first and second reflective surfaces so that each of the first and second single-curved reflective surfaces is independently adjustable. 13. A method for concentrating radiation to a coincident focus comprising reflecting an incident radiation off a first single-curved reflective surface onto a second single-curved reflective surface, wherein the principal plane of symmetry of the first single-curved reflective surface is arranged substantially orthogonal to the principal plane of symmetry of the second single-curved reflective surface, whereby the second single-curved reflective surface concentrates the incident radiation to a focus and wherein the first and second reflective surfaces are interconnected by a mounting structure; wherein the mounting structure comprises: a platform or base; and a primary boom and secondary boom operably associated with the platform and the first and second single-curved reflective surface, wherein the primary boom and the secondary boom are in operable attachment, whereby the angles between the primary and secondary boom, and platform may be selectively varied. 14. The method according to claim 13, wherein the first and second single-curved reflective surfaces are parabolic cylinders. 15. A method for concentrating radiation to a substantially rectangular, cross sectional area comprising reflecting an incident radiation off a first single-curved reflective surface onto a second single-curved reflective surface, wherein the principal plane of symmetry of the first single-curved reflective surface is arranged substantially orthogonal to the principal plane of symmetry of the second single-curved reflective surface, whereby the second single-curved reflective surface concentrates the incident radiation to a focus and wherein the substantially rectangular, cross sectional area is defined by a plane orthogonal to the principal axis of the second single-curved reflective surface at an intermediate point between a vertex and the focus of the second reflective surface and wherein the first and second reflective surfaces are interconnected by a mounting structure the mounting structure comprising: a platform or base; and a primary boom and secondary boom operably associated with the platform and the first and second single-curved reflective surface, wherein the primary boom and the secondary boom are in operable attachment, whereby the angles between the primary and secondary boom, and platform may be selectively varied. 16. A method for concentrating radiation to a substantially rectangular, cross sectional area comprising reflecting an incident radiation off a first single-curved reflective surface onto a second single-curved reflective surface, wherein the principal plane of symmetry of the first single-curved reflective surface is arranged substantially orthogonal to the principal plane of symmetry of the second single-curved reflective surface, whereby the second single-curved reflective surface concentrates the incident radiation to a focus and wherein the substantially rectangular, cross sectional area is defined by a plane orthogonal to the principal axis of the second single-curved reflective surface at a point situated after the focus of the second reflective surface and wherein the first and second reflective surfaces are interconnected by a mounting structure the mounting structure comprising: a platform or base; and a primary boom and secondary boom operably associated with the platform and the first and second single-curved reflective surface, wherein the primary boom and the secondary boom are in operable attachment, whereby the angles between the primary and secondary boom, and platform may be selectively varied. 17. A method for concentrating radiation to a coincident focus comprising reflecting an incident radiation off a first single-curved reflective surface onto a second single-curved reflective surface, wherein the principal plane of symmetry of the first single-curved reflective surface is arranged substantially orthogonal to the principal plane of symmetry of the second single-curved reflective surface, whereby the second single-curved reflective surface concentrates the incident radiation to a focus and wherein the first and second reflective surfaces are interconnected by a mounting structure, wherein the mounting structure selectively causes variance of the position of the angles between the first and second reflective surfaces as well as the pan and tilt angles of the first and second reflective surfaces so that each of the first and second single-curved reflective surfaces is independently adjustable. 