An electronic data collection device configured in a substantially two-dimensional arrangement is disclosed. The data collection device uses inexpensive flexible sheet materials to provide a flat framework in which to situate an interconnected combination of electronic components. The components provide an interactive function to supply input-output, control, and power functions. Components can include an information display, switches for responding to questions displayed on the information display, memory for storing responses to the questions, and a controller for controlling the operation of the data collection device. In addition, the device is provided with a data transfer interface that permits stored responses to be gathered by a response data accumulation device, such as a computer, having a corresponding interface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for data collection, said apparatus comprising: a sandwich structure having a top sheet, a backing sheet, and a middle sheet positioned between said top sheet and said backing sheet; a display mounted on an upper surface of said backing sheet, said display passing through a display aperture defined in said middle sheet, said display being received in and disposed in a display aperture defined in said top sheet; a set of switches a first half of which are defined on an upper surface of said backing sheet, a second half of which are defined on a bottom surface of said top sheet, wherein a set of apertures are defined in said middle sheet to define a space between each of said first and second switch halves; a memory mounted on said upper surface of said backing sheet; a data transfer device mounted on said upper surface of said backing sheet; a microcontroller unit mounted on said upper surface of said backing sheet, said microcontroller unit being connected to said display, said set of switches, said memory, and said data transfer device, and a power source connected to said microcontroller unit for supplying power to said microcontroller unit; wherein said microcontroller unit controls said display to display a question, controlling said memory to store response data entered by a user using said set of switches in response to said question, and controlling said data transfer device to supply said stored response data to an external capture device in response to an external signal. 2. The apparatus claimed in claim 1, wherein said top, middle and backing sheets comprise paper. 3. The apparatus claimed in claim 1, wherein said top, middle and backing sheets comprise plastic. 4. The apparatus claimed in claim 1, wherein the microcontroller is connected to said display, said set of switches, said memory, said data transfer device, and said power source by interconnectors comprised of conductive ink printed on said backing sheet. 5. The apparatus claimed in claim 1, wherein the microcontroller is connected to said display, said set of switches, said memory, said data transfer device, and said power source by interconnectors comprised of conductive adhesive deposited on said backing sheet. 6. The apparatus claimed in claim 1, wherein said display is selected from the group consisting of a liquid crystal display, an encapsulated liquid crystal display, a light emitting diode display, an electroluminescent display, and a break out indicator display. 7. The apparatus claimed in claim 1, wherein said memory is ferrous RAM. 8. The apparatus claimed in claim 1, wherein said microcontroller and said memory are integrated into a single device. 9. The apparatus claimed in claim 1, wherein said data transfer device is a physical connector. 10. The apparatus claimed in claim 1, wherein said data transfer device is a radio frequency device. 11. The apparatus claimed in claim 10, wherein said microcontroller, said memory, and said data transfer device are integrated into a single device. 12. The apparatus claimed in claim 10, further comprising: a power antenna, wherein said data transfer device is supplied with power from said power antenna when said power antenna is excited by an external source. 13. The apparatus claimed in claim 1, wherein data communicated between the data transfer device and the external capture means is encoded. 14. The apparatus claimed in claim 10, wherein said microcontroller receives question data through said radio frequency device. 15. The apparatus claimed in claim 1, wherein said power source is selected from the group consisting of at least one battery, at least one solar cell, and a combination of at least one battery and at least one solar cell. 16. Apparatus comprising: an envelope structure having a front sheet and a back sheet, said front sheet and said back sheet defining a thin interior space therebetween; a display disposed in said front sheet; a set of switches disposed in said front sheet; a memory disposed in said interior space; a data output device disposed in said interior space; a data processing unit disposed in said interior space and connected to said display, said set of switches, said memory, and said data output device, said data processing unit controlling said display to display a query, controlling said memory to store response data entered by a user using said set of switches in response to said query, and controlling said data output device to transfer said response data from said memory to an external device in response to an external signal; and a power source connected to said data processing device for supplying power to said data processing device. 17. An electronic data collection device rendered in a substantially two-dimensional configuration, the data collection device comprising: means for displaying information inviting a respondent to enter a response; means for inputting the response; means for storing the response; means for transferring the response pursuant to a request; means for controlling the displaying means, the inputting means, the storing means and the transferring means; and means for supplying operating power to the display means, the inputting means, and the storing means. 18. A substantially two-dimensional electronic data collection device comprising: a plurality of flexible material sheet layers having a combination of components secured therein, the components comprising: an information display for displaying information inviting a respondent to enter a response; a plurality of switch devices for entering a response; a memory for storing the response entered by the respondent; a data transfer device for supplying the stored responses to a data accumulation device in response to a request from the data accumulation device; a microcontroller for controlling the information display, for monitoring the plurality of switch devices, and for facilitating the transfer of responses to the data accumulation device; and a power supply for providing power to the information display, to the memory, and to the microcontroller. 19. Apparatus comprising: an envelope structure having a top sheet, and a backing sheet, an upper surface of said top sheet being printed with a set of candidates for election; a set of switches disposed within said envelope structure and positioned adjacent to said set of candidates so that actuation of one of said set of switches by a voter indicates selection of a candidate; a memory disposed within said envelope structure for storing candidate selections; a data transfer device disposed within said envelope structure for communicating candidate selections stored in said memory to an external capture device; a microcontroller disposed within said envelope structure, which microcontroller is connected to said set of switches, said memory, and said data transfer device, and a power source disposed within said envelope structure, which power source is connected, and supplies power, to said microcontroller. 20. The apparatus claimed in claim 19 further comprising: a set of selection indicators positioned next to each switch of said set of switches, wherein actuation of a switch causes a corresponding selection indicator to be energized. 21. The apparatus claimed in claim 19 further comprising: a pull tab which when removed locks the apparatus thereby rendering it difficult to alter candidate selection data. 22. The apparatus claimed in claim 19 further comprising: switches corresponding to a write-in candidate; and an alphanumeric keyboard for entering write-in candidate information. 23. The apparatus claimed in claim 19 further comprising: an information display. 24. Apparatus comprising: an envelope structure having a top sheet, and a backing sheet; a display disposed within said envelope structure and appearing though an aperture formed in said top sheet, said display displaying census questions; a set of switches disposed within said envelope structure for responding to said census questions, said switches including an alphanumeric keyboard; a memory disposed within said envelope structure; a data transfer device disposed within said envelope structure; a microcontroller connected to said set of switches, said memory, and said data transfer device, and a power source connected to said microcontroller for supplying power to said microcontroller unit. 25. Apparatus comprising: an envelope structure including a front sheet and a back sheet defining a thin interior space therebetween, said front sheet and said back sheet having a first lateral dimension and a second lateral dimension; a display disposed in said front sheet; a set of switches disposed in said front sheet; a memory disposed in said interior space; a data output device disposed in said interior space; a data processing unit disposed in said interior space and connected to said display, said set of switches, said memory, and said data output device, said data processing unit controlling said display to display a query, controlling said memory to store response data entered by a user using said set of switches in response to said query, and controlling said data output device to transfer said response data from said memory to an external device in response to an external signal; and a power source connected to said data processing device for supplying power to said data processing device, wherein a thickness of said apparatus is in a range of about 0.09 to 0.15 inches and said first and second lateral dimensions are in the range of about 3.0 to 14.5 inches. .Iadd. 26. A data collection device comprising: an envelope structure having a top surface and a back surface; a display disposed within said envelope structure for displaying information inviting a respondent to enter a response; a plurality of switches disposed within said envelope structure for entering a response; a memory disposed within said envelope structure for storing the data; a data transfer device disposed within said envelope structure for electronically transferring the stored data to an external capture device; a microcontroller unit disposed within said envelope structure for controlling the plurality of switches, the memory, and the data transfer device; and a power source for supplying operating power to the microcontroller unit. .Iaddend..Iadd. 27. The device as claimed in claim 26, wherein said data transfer device transfers the stored data responsive to a request from said external capture device. .Iaddend..Iadd. 28. The device as claimed in claim 26, wherein said data transfer device transfers the stored data responsive to proximity to said external capture device. .Iaddend..Iadd. 29. The device as claimed in claim 26, wherein the data transfer device includes an RF interface. .Iaddend..Iadd. 30. The device as claimed in claim 26, wherein said plurality of switches include membrane switches. .Iaddend..Iadd. 31. The device as claimed in claim 26, wherein said plurality of switches include capacitive switches. .Iaddend..Iadd. 32. The device as claimed in claim 26, wherein said memory is part of said microcontroller unit and also stores operating instructions for controlling the device. .Iaddend..Iadd. 33. The device as claimed in claim 26, wherein said plurality of switches are activated using a touch pad. .Iaddend..Iadd. 34. The device as claimed in claim 26, wherein said plurality of switches are activated using a keyboard. .Iaddend..Iadd. 35. A data collection apparatus comprising: a substantially two-dimensional structure having a top sheet and a backing sheet, said top sheet adapted to present a plurality of selection options to a user; a set of switches disposed within said substantially two-dimensional structure and positioned adjacent said plurality of selection options so that actuation of one of the switches within the set of switches by the user indicates selections of a respective one of said plurality of selection options; a memory disposed within said substantially two-dimensional structure for storing option selections; a data transfer device disposed within said substantially two-dimensional structure for communicating option selections stored in said memory to an external capture device; a microcontroller disposed within said substantially two-dimensional structure and connected to said set of switches, said memory, and said data transfer device; and a power source connected, and supplying power, to said microcontroller. .Iaddend..Iadd. 36. The apparatus as set forth in claim 35, wherein said plurality of selection options are printed on an upper surface of the top sheet. .Iaddend..Iadd. 37. The apparatus as set forth in claim 35, wherein said data transfer device also receives and downloads instructions from an external device preparatory to user selection. .Iaddend..Iadd. 38. The apparatus as set forth in claim 35, and further comprising a display for displaying an option selection selected by the user. .Iaddend..Iadd. 39. An apparatus for collecting data inputted by a user selecting one of a plurality of selection options in response to a plurality of queries, said apparatus comprising: a substantially two-dimensional structure having a top surface and a back surface; a display disposed within said substantially two-dimensional structure and visible from said top surface to present a plurality of selection options; a set of switches for activation by said user, actuation of one of said switches within the set of switches indicating selection of a respective one of said plurality of selection options; a memory disposed within said substantially two-dimensional structure for storing said option selections selected by said user; a data transfer device disposed within said substantially two-dimensional structure for communicating said option selections stored in said memory to an external capture device; a microcontroller disposed within said substantially two-dimensional structure and connected to said set of switches, said memory, said data transfer device, and said display; and a power source for supplying power to said microcontroller. .Iaddend..Iadd. 40. The apparatus as set forth in claim 39, wherein said power source is disposed within said substantially two-dimensional structure. .Iaddend..Iadd. 41. An apparatus for collecting data inputted by a user selecting one of a plurality of selection options in response to a plurality of queries, said apparatus comprising: a substantially two-dimensional structure having a top sheet and a backing sheet, said top sheet adapted to present a plurality of selection options; a set of switches for activation by said user, actuation of one of said switches within the set of switches indicating selection of a respective one of said plurality of selection options; a display connected to said set of switches so that activation of one of said switches within said set of switches indicates said selection to the user; a memory for storing said option selections selected by said user; a data transfer device for communicating said option selections stored in said memory to an external capture device; a data processing unit connected to said set of switches, said memory, and said data transfer device, and controlling said display; and a power source connected and supplying power to said data processing unit; said display, said switches, said memory, said data transfer device and said data processing unit all disposed within said substantially two-dimensional structure. .Iaddend..Iadd. 42. The apparatus as set forth in claim 41, wherein said data processing unit also controls said display to display a query from said plurality of queries. .Iaddend. 