A solar collection system is disclosed wherein first and second solar collectors of the fluid circulating type are supported by opposite sides of a mounting member having a recess for receiving a substructure. A header on one collector is coupled to a header on an adjacent collector by way of a flexible conduit extending through openings in the mounting member. The system is designed so that minimum assembly is required at the job site.
Claims I Claim: 1. A solar collector system comprising a rigid mounting member having a recess on one side for receiving a substructure, first and second solar collectors, said collectors being on opposite sides of said member and partially supported by said member, each collector having an inlet header and an outlet header interconnected by fluid passages, a conduit coupled at one end to a header of said first collector and coupled at its other end to a header of said second collector, said mounting member having openings at a location above said recess, said conduit extending through said openings, and at least one layer of transparent material above each collector partially supported by and sealed with respect to the end portion of said mounting member which is remote from said recess. 2. A system in accordance with claim 1 wherein said conduit is flexible, said mounting member being generally U-shaped with its open end extending downwardly to define the width of said recess, said end portion including a top wall, the depth of the recess being defined by an intermediate wall parallel to said top wall and closer to the open end of said member as compared with said openings. 3. A system in accordance with claim 2 wherein said top wall is provided with a depending channel, said transparent layer being maintained in position by a gasket mounting strip having a portion extending into said channel. 4. A system in accordance with claim 3 including a second layer of transparent material partially supported by said member at an elevation below and spaced from said first layer of transparent material. 5. A system in accordance with claim 2 wherein said intermediate wall includes first and second wall portions extending toward each other from the side walls of said mounting member. 6. A system in accordance with claim 1 including a second mounting member like and parallel to said first mounting member, said mounting members supporting opposite side edges of one of said collectors disposed therebetween, said mounting members supporting opposite side edge portions of said layer of transparent material. 7. A system in accordance with claim 6 wherein said first and second mounting members have flanges extending towards each other, a rigid layer of insulation material supported by and sealed to said flanges, said one collector being supported by said layer of insulation material. 8. A system in accordance with claim 7 wherein said mounting members have flanges extending towards each other and located adjacent said end portion, a second layer of transparent material supported by said last mentioned flanges and sealed with respect thereto in overlying relation with respect to said one collector, said second layer of transparent material being at an elevation below and spaced from said first layer of transparent material. 9. A system in accordance with claim 3 wherein said gasket strip is resilient and said portion thereof is force-fit into said channel. 10. A system in accordance with claim 3 wherein said gasket strip portion is a threaded member. 11. A solar collector system comprising first and second mounting members having a recess on one side for receiving a substructure, each mounting member being generally U-shaped with its open end and extending downwardly to at least partially define said recess, the depth of the recess being defined by an intermediate wall, said members having a top wall, said top walls having a depending channel, each member having a flange adjacent the entrance of its recess, a solar collector supported on one side of a rigid layer of insulation, a vapor barrier on the opposite side of said layer supported by and sealed to said flanges on said members, said solar collector having an inlet header and an outlet header interconnected by fluid passages, at least one layer of transparent material overlying said solar collector while being supported by and sealed with respect to the top wall of said mounting members, said transparent layer being supported at opposite sides by said top walls by means of a discrete gasket mounting strip having a portion partially extending into its respective channel, a second layer of transparent material having opposite sides supported by said members at an elevation below and spaced from said first layer of transparent material but above said solar collector, and at least one of said members having passage means through which a conduit may extend to one of said headers. 12. An article of manufacture for use in a solar collector system for supporting adjacent solar collector panels and at least one overlying sheet of transparent material from substructure comprising a rigid inverted U-shaped member having side walls interconnected by a top wall, outwardly directed flanges at the free end of said side walls, a channel extending inwardly from said top wall, an intermediate wall cooperating with at least one of the side walls to define a recess for receiving a portion of substructure, each side wall having an opening at a location between said intermediate wall and said channel for receiving a conduit adapted to extend therethrough. 13. An article of manufacture in accordance with claim 12 including outwardly extending flanges on said side walls adjacent said top wall, said last mentioned flanges being shorter than said first mentioned flanges at the free ends of said side walls. 