In a preferred embodiment of the invention, a flat-plate solar cell type unit includes a plurality of individual cells in parallel flow arrangement and relationship with one-another, as well as physically being substantially parallel to one-another extending along longitudianl elongated axis thereof, each cell being adjustably intermittently rotatable in a direction around its longitudinal axis, such that the angle of incidence of the sun-light rays is adjustable for each individual cell type unit by rotation around its respective longitudinal axis, the plurality being simultaneously adjustable by an interconnecting lever mechanism.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar heat-collector device comprising in combination: an elongated tubular means for housing solar heat elements and for providing a transparent housing wall receivable of light rays therethrough; adjustable mounting means for rotatably supporting said elongated tubular means rotatably around a longitudinal axis of the elongated tubular means such that the elongated tubular means may be altered to and fro intermittently for adjusting the position thereof for receipt of said light rays at variable angles relative to a fixed position of the adjustable mounting means; the elongated tubular means defining a substantially lineally extending transparent tube open at at-least one end thereof and defining therein a continuous channel between and including inlet and outlet structures for conductance of fluid therethrough, and solar heat elements including a substantially elongated metal plate within the tube positioned to substantially segregate the channel into upper and lower spaces and insulation elements positioned below said elongated metal plate within the lower space. 2. A solar heat-collector device of claim 1, including conduit means for providing passages and connected to each of said inlet and outlet structures providing for conductance of said fluid to said inlet structure and from said outlet structure. 3. A solar heat-collector device of claim 2, in which said adjustable mounting means includes a lever element for effecting the rotating of the elongated tubular means. 4. A solar heat-collector device of claim 3, in which said adjustable mounting means comprises at least one matting tube and the elongated tubular means includes an outlet structure and the inlet structure in matting relationship with the mating structure in fluid-sealed relationship with the inlet and outlet structures slidably rotatable against and relative to the mating structure such that the elongated tubular means is rotatable. 5. A solar heat-collector device of claim 4, in which said transparent tube includes opposite open ends defined by said inlet and outlet structures respectively, and air being a heat transfer fluid flowable through and being within said transparent tube and said conduit means. 6. A solar heat-collector device of claim 2, in which said transparent tube includes opposite open ends defined by said inlet and outlet structures respectively, and a metal conduit mounted in intimate contact with and extending along a longitudinal axis of said elongated metal plate and in closed-circuit communication with and extending between said inlet and outlet structures respectively providing for serial passage of fluid therethrough from said inlet structure to said outlet structure. 7. A solar heat-collector device of claim 6, in which said adjustable mounting means includes flexible tubing one at each of opposite ends of the transparent tube, one piece of the flexible tubing connected to said inlet structure and another piece of the flexible tubing connected to said outlet structure, and said conduit means including conduit passage structure leading and connected to and from said one piece and said another piece respectively providing for rotation of the transparent tube rotatably by concurrent twisting each of said one piece and said another piece respectively as the transparent tube is rotated. 8. A solar heat-collector device of claim 7, including a plurality of said elongated tubular means mounted in substantially parallel relationship relative to elongated axis thereof as mounted by said adjustable mounting means. 9. A solar heat-collector device of claim 8, in which said adjustable mounting means includes a lever element for effecting simultaneous rotary adjustment of said plurality. 