A solar water heater and method of constructing same, the heater being of the type in which the sun penetrates one or more panes of light-transmitting material and impinges on a blackened layer of soft-tempered conductive foil on which are disposed condudtive water-conveying tubes. Loosely packed glass wool between the pane and the foil inhibits convection currents and resilient, dense glass wool on the lower side of the foil, backed by a rigid panel, supports the foil. Conventional fasteners such as U-brads are used at spaced intervals on the tubing to fasten the tubing to the panel drawing the tubing against the foil and creating an elongated depression or trough in the foil beneath the tubing. Conductive cement or paint is applied in the trough prior to or after the fasteners are secured to maximize heat transfer from the foil to the tubing.
Claims I claim: 1. A method of constructing a solar fluid heater comprising the following steps: a. placing a layer of deformable insulating material on the forward face of a panel; b. placing a heat-conductive deformable sheet on said insulating layer; c. placing conductive hollow tubing on said sheet; d. pressing said tubing against said sheet and insulating layer to form a trough in said sheet beneath said tube; and e. attaching fastener means to and between said tubing and said panel to hold said tubing, sheet, and insulation in compressed relationship. 2. A method according to claim 1 wherein said fastener means comprises a plurality of U-shaped brads and steps (d) and (e) comprise driving said brads into said panel of spaced intervals on, and straddling, said tubing. 3. A method according to claim 1 and including the step of raising the tubing away from the sheet after step (d) and applying a layer of heatconductive adhesive in said through. 4. A method according to claim 1 and including the step of coating the exposed surfaces of said sheet and said tubing with a light-absorbent, heat-conductive substance comprising black paint having suspended therein particulate graphite. 5. A method according to claim 1 and including the following steps: f. placing a layer of loose-knit glass wool on said sheet and tubing; and g. mounting a light-transmitting pane to said panel forward of said loose-knit glass wool to capture same between said pane and said sheet and tubing. 6. A solar fluid heater comprising: a. a layer of deformable resilient insulating material; b. a deformable heat-conductive sheet disposed on the forward surface of said layer; c. heat-conductive hollow tubing disposed on said sheet; d. means mounting said tubing, sheet, and insulating material together in compressed relationship whereby a depression is formed in said deformable sheet adjacent said tubing in partial conformity to the contours of said tubing to increase the area of the contacting surfaces of said sheet and tubing for increased heat transfer. 7. Structure according to claim 6 and including a heat-conductive sealant disposed in said trough between said sheet and said tubing. 8. Structure according to claim 7 wherein said sealant comprises paint having disposed therein particulate graphite and the entire forward surface of the sheet is coated with said sealant. 9. Structure according to claim 7 wherein said sealant comprises conductive cement. 10. Structure according to claim 6 and including: a. a substantially rigid panel disposed on the rear surface of said insulating layer; b. A light-transmitting pane mounted to said panel in spaced parallelism with said sheet on the side thereof remote from said panel; and c. convection inhibiting means disposed between said sheet and said pane. 11. Structure according to claim 10 wherein said convection inhibiting means comprises loose-knit glass wool. 12. Structure according to claim 6 and including a substantially rigid panel disposed on the rear surface of said insulating layer where in said tubing includes a plurality of substantially mutually parallel portions and said mounting means comprises: a. at least one elongated bar member spanning said parallel portions essentially normal thereto; and b. at least one elongated fastener which passes through said insulating layer and connects said bar member to said panel. 