An inexpensive, lightweight reflective panel for solar-thermal collector modules of the type including a parabolic reflector for reflecting incident solar radiation onto a fluid carrying conduit positioned along the focal axis of the reflector. A rigid, waterproof, honeycomb panel formed from paper and having a uniform thickness of parabolic shape supports a reflective material. Glass fiber cloth adhered to the outer panel surfaces adds to the panel's strength and rigidity. An adjustable support system suspends the reflective panel from the fluid carrying conduit and provides a means of adjusting panel curvature to precisely obtain the required parabolic shape. Methods of forming the panels are described which permit the panels to be formed at or near the site of their installation to obviate shipping problems and expense. The methods include the steps of forming an expanded honeycomb core, conforming the core to the required parabolic shape, adhering sheets of skin material to top and bottom surfaces of the core, and adhering a reflective material to the top panel surface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A process for forming an elongated lightweight curved reflective panel for use in solar-thermal systems, comprising the steps of: a. forming an expansible core structure including strips of flexible material of substantially uniform width positioned side-by-side with adjacent strips bonded together at regularly spaced intervals to provide an expansible core of substantially uniform thickness which, when expanded, will define an array of open ended cells; b. forming a self-supporting parabolic panel of substantially uniform thickness in a substantially continuous process including the steps of feeding said core structure along a feed path through sequential operating stations where portions of the core structure are expanded and conformed to a predetermined generally parabolic configuration, whereafter facing sheets are fed along the feed path and are bonded to opposite side portions of the shaped, expanded core structure to form a self-supporting parabolic panel with one of said sheets defining a mounting surface which is curved in cross section to form substantially a part of a parabola and with the other of said sheets defining a corresponding curved surface spaced at a substantially uniform distance from said curved mounting surface; and, c. securing a reflective material to said mounting surface to provide a reflector. 2. The process of claim 1 additionally including the step of coating outer surface portions of said panel with a waterproofing material prior to the step of securing said reflective material onto said panel. 3. The process of claim 1 additionally including the step of adhering a glass-fiber sheet to portions of the outer surface of said panel to reinforce said portions. 4. The process of claim 1 additionally including the step of adhering a glass-fiber reinforcing material to said mounting surface prior to the step of securing said reflective material to said mounting surface. 5. The process of claim 1 wherein step (b) is carried out near the site where the panel being formed will be installed. 6. The process of claim 5 wherein step (a) is carried out at a location remote from said site, and said process additionally includes the step of transporting said core in non-expanded form from said location to said site. 7. The process of claim 5 wherein step (b) is carried out in a continuous-feed apparatus mounted for portable movement on an over-the-road vehicle. 8. The process of claim 1 wherein said core material comprises strips of paper adhered together to define an array of cells having a substantially uniform length "L" and a substantially uniform cross-sectional area "A" wherein said length "L" is within the range of about 2 to about 10 times the square root of said cross-sectional area "A." 9. The process of claim 1 wherein said core strips and said facing sheets each comprise paper, with the thickness of said core strip paper being within the range of about 0.005 to about 0.015 inches, and the thickness of said facing sheet paper being within the range of about 0.015 inches to about 0.035 inches, and the bonding together of said core strips and said facing sheets is effected with adhesive. 10. A process for forming a lightweight reflective panel for use in terrestrial solar-thermal power plants, comprising the steps of: a. forming an expansible core structure including strips of flexible material of substantially uniform width positioned side-by-side with adjacent strips bonded together at regularly spaced intervals to provide an expansible core of substantially uniform thickness, and transporting such core structure, to the site where a terrestrial solar-thermal power plant is to be installed; b. forming a self-supporting parabolic panel in a substantially continuous process performed at said site including the steps of feeding said core along a feed path through sequential operating stations wherein said core is expanded, conformed to a predetermined substantially parabolic cross section and covered with facing sheets adhered thereto to form a rigid panel, wherein one of said sheets defines a mounting surface which, in cross section, forms a portion of a parabola; and, c. securing a reflective material to said mounting surface to provide a reflector. 11. The process of claim 10 wherein said reflective material comprises a metallic foil, and said step of securing said reflective material to said panel is performed as part of said continuous process. 12. The process of claim 10 wherein said reflective material comprises mirrored glass pieces and said step of securing said reflective material to said panel is performed after said panels have completed said continuous process. 