A flame detection system comprising two light responsive photovoltaic photocell sensors in combination with corresponding light filters, a photovoltaic sensing amplifier, a control amplifier, and a power source. The photocell/filter combinations are responsive to spectral energy in two different regions of the spectrum, said regions being such that illumination from a hydrocarbon flame causes a reversal in voltage polarity of the signal from the pair of photovoltaic photocells. The photovoltaic photocells are serially connected in voltage opposition and the voltage produced by the combination is applied as an input coupled to the sensing amplifier. The latter is arranged and configured to respond to a selected voltage polarity generated by the photovoltaic combination, when illuminated by a hydrocarbon flame, by providing a control signal to the control amplifier. The control amplifier is typically coupled to a relay and/or solenoid valve which controls the turn-on of a fire alarm and/or extinguishing means. Whenever the control amplifier receives a control signal (indicative of the presence of a hydrocarbon flame), it activates the relay and/or solenoid valve and, thereby, causes the alarm and/or extinguishing means to turn on.
Claims We claim: 1. A flame detector comprising photovoltaic means disposed to receive light from a flame for producing an electrical signal having a first voltage polarity in response to receiving light having a first spectral energy distribution and for changing the polarity of said electrical signal in response to receiving light having a second spectral energy distribution, the second spectral energy distribution corresponding to the spectral energy distribution of light from a selected flame; and electronic binary switching means coupled to receive the electrical signal for producing a control signal in response to said electrical signal changing polarity. 2. A flame detector as in claim 1 wherein photovoltaic means comprise: a first combination of a first photovoltaic sensor and a first light filter mounted in planar juxtaposition within a housing, said first combination having a spectral response in a first region of the light spectrum, said first region being that portion of the spectrum wherein the spectral energy from a hydrocarbon flame is relatively sparse; a second combination of a second photovoltaic sensor and a second light filter mounted in planar juxtaposition within said housing, said second combination having a spectral response in a second region of the light spectrum, said second region being that portion of the spectrum wherein the spectral energy from a hydrocarbon flame is relatively abundant; and means for serially coupling the first and second photovoltaic sensors in polarity opposition to provide an electrical signal having the second polarity only when said second photovoltaic sensor generates a voltage which is substantially greater than that generated by said first photocell, whereby said flame detector discriminates a hydrocarbon flame within the range and field of view of said photovoltaic sensors from other common sources of illumination. 3. The flame detector of claim 2 wherein the spectral response of said first combination of said first photovoltaic sensor and said first filter is in the range from about 0.3 to 0.5 microns with a peak between about 0.4 and 0.45 microns. 4. The flame detector of claim 2 wherein said first photovolaic sensor is a selenium photovoltaic cell diode and said first filter is one whose transmittance characteristic is similar to that of a Wratten gelatin filter No. 35. 5. The flame detector of claim 2 wherein the spectral response of said second combination of said second photovoltaic sensor and said second filter is in the range from about 0.9 microns to 1.1 microns with a peak between about 1.0 and 1.05 microns. 6. The flame detector of claim 5 wherein said second photovoltaic is a silicon photovoltaic cell diode and said second filter is one whose transmittance characteristic is similar to that of a Wratten gelatin filter No. 87A. 7. The flame detector of claim 2 wherein said first and second photovoltaic sensors are mounting on a board in a substantially co-planar, adjacent spatial relation. 8. The flame detector of claim 2 wherein said first and second filters are selective glass filters. 9. The flame detector of claim 2 wherein said first and second filters are disposed on the backside of a filter reticle in a substantially co-planar, adjacent spatial relation. 10. The flame detector of claim 9 wherein said filter reticle is a glass having an opaque portion and first and second clear portions, said first and second filters being disposed on said reticle at the locations defined by said first and second clear portions respectively. 11. The flame detector of claim 9 wherein first and second filters are secured to said reticle by an adhesive, said adhesive being transparent over the transmittance range of said filters and having no adverse effect thereon. 12. The flame detector of claim 9 wherein said filters are secured to said reticle by vacuum deposition techniques. 13. The flame detector of claim 2 wherein said first and second photovoltaic sensors are mounted on a circuit board and said first and second filters are disposed upon a filter reticle, the locations of said photovoltaic sensors on said board and the locations of said filters on said reticle being such that said first filter covers substantially all of the surface of said first photovoltaic sensor and said second filter covers substantially all of the surface of said second photocell photovoltaic sensor. 14. The flame detector of claim 2 wherein said housing has an opening in its face, said opening enabling spectral energy from light sources to pass through said first and second filters. 15. The flame detector of claim 2 wherein the respective surface areas of said first and second photovoltaic sensors are such that differences in their respective sensitivities and efficiencies are substantially balanced out. 16. The flame detector of claim 2 wherein said first photovoltaic sensor is a selenium photovoltaic cell diode and said second photovoltaic sensor is a silicon photovoltaic cell diode, the surface of said first photovoltaic sensor being greater than that of said second photovoltaic sensor by that amount which substantially balances out differences in their respective sensitivities and efficiencies. 17. The flame detector of claim 2 wherein said second photovoltaic sensor has a higher impedance than said first photovoltaic sensor and wherein an impedance is coupled in parallel across said second photovoltaic sensor, the differences in their respective impedances being thereby substantially balanced out. 18. In an electrically-powered flame detection system, a flame detector comprising: a. a first combination of a first photocell and a first light filter mounted in planar juxtaposition within a housing, said first combination having a spectral response in a first region of the light spectrum, said first region being that portion of the spectrum wherein the spectral energy from a hydrocarbon flame is relatively sparse; b. a second combination of a second photocell and a second light filter mounted in a planar juxtaposition within said housing, said second combination having a spectral response in a second region of the light spectrum, said second region being that portion of the spectrum wherein the spectral energy from a hydrocarbon flame is relatively abundant; c. a binary high-speed switching circuit having an input and an output, said first and second photocells being electrically coupled to said input in opposing direction, said sensing amplifier being arranged and configured to provide a control signal at its output only when said second photocell generates an electrical signal which is substantially greater than that generated by said first photocell, whereby, said flame detector discriminates a hydrocarbon flame within the range and field view of said photocells from other common sources of illumination and said sensing amplifier provides said control signal in response thereto, said switching circuit being comprised of (i) an operational amplifier having first and second input legs, said operational amplifier being arranged and configured to provide said control signal at said output when the voltage at said second input leg is greater than that at said first input leg; (ii) a voltage divider providing a substantially constant voltage at said first input leg; (iii) a feedback circuit coupled between the output of said operational amplifier and said second input leg; and (iv) a bias resistor coupled to said second input leg, said bias resistor providing a bias current in a direction which tends to suppress the appearance of said control signal, said first and second photocells being serially connected in opposition between said first and second input legs. 19. In an electrically powered flame detection system, a flame detector comprising: a. a first combination of a first photocell and a first light filter mounted in planar juxtaposition within a housing, said first combination having a spectral response in a range of about 0.3 to 0.5 microns with a peak between about 0.4 and 0.45 microns; b. a second combination of a second photocell and a second light filter mounted in planar juxtaposition within said housing, said second combination having a spectral response in the range from about 0.9 microns with a peak between about 1.0 and 1.05 microns; c. a board adapted to fit within said housing, said first and second photocells being mounted thereon in a substantially co-planar adjacent spatial relation; d. a filter reticle adapted to fit within said housing, said first and second filters being fixedly secured thereon in a substantially co-planar, adjacent spatial relation, the respective locations of said photocells on said board and the locations of said filters on said reticle being such that said first filter covers substantially all of the surface of said first photocell and said second filter covers substantially all of the surface of said second photocell; and e. a binary, high speed switching circuit having an input and an output, said first and second photocells being electrically coupled to said input in opposing directions, said sensing amplifier being arranged and configured to provide a control signal at its output only when said second photocell generates an electrical signal which is substantially greater than that generated by said first photocell; said switching circuit being comprised of (i) an operational amplifier having first and second input legs, said operational amplifier being arranged and configured to provide said control signal at said output when the voltage at said second input leg is greater than that at said first input leg; (ii) a voltage divider providing a substantially constant voltage at said first input leg; (iii) a feedback circuit coupled between the output of said operational amplifier and said second input leg; and (iv) a bias resistor providing a bias current in a direction which tends to suppress the appearance of said control signal, said first and second photocells being serially connected in opposition between said first and second input legs. 20. An electrically powered flame detection system for activating a fire alarm and/or extinguishing means upon the detection of a hydrocarbon flame, said system being coupled to said alarm and/or extinguishing means by a means for switching power on, comprising: a. a first combination of a first photocell and a first light filter mounted in planar juxtaposition within a housing, said first combination having a spectral response in a first region of the light spectrum, said first region being that portion of the spectrum wherein the spectral energy from a hydrocarbon flame is relatively sparse; b. a second combination of a second photocell and a second light filter mounted in planar juxtaposition within said housing, said second combination having a spectral response in a second region of the light spectrum, said second region being that portion of the spectrum wherein the spectral energy from a hydrocarbon flame is relatively abundant; and c. a sensing amplifier having an input and an output, said first and second photocells being electrically coupled to said input in opposing directions, said sensing amplifier being arranged and configured to provide a control signal at its output only when said second photocell generates an electrical signal which is substantially greater than that generated by said first photocell; and d. a control amplifier having an input and an output, said input thereof being electrically coupled to the output of said sensing amplifier for receipt of said control signal, said output thereof being electrically coupled to said power switching means, said control amplifier being responsive to said control signal by energizing said power switching means, said sensing amplifier being a binary, high speed switching circuit comprised of (i) an operational amplifier having first and second input legs, said operational amplifier being arranged and configured to provide said control signal at said output when the voltage at said second input leg is greater than that at said first input leg; (ii) a voltage divider providing a substantially constant voltage at said first input leg; (iii) a feedback circuit coupled between the output of said operational amplifier and said second input leg; and (iv) a bias resistor coupled to said second leg, said bias resistor providing a bias current in a direction which tends to suppress the appearance of said control signal, said first and second photocells being serially connected in opposition between said first and second input legs. 