Solar energy collection device uses a motor driven moving endless belt absorber member which is mounted in a glass covered collector housing so as to present a flat plate configuration to the solar rays. The moving belt progressively increases in temperature as it passes through the housing, and is guided, after it is heated, to a heat transfer chamber outside the main collector housing where its heat can be transferred to a suitable heat transfer fluid.
Claims I claim as my invention: 1. A solar energy collection apparatus comprising a housing forming an energy collection chamber, a belt-like absorption member mounted for movement within said housing, a plurality of guide members for mounting said absorption member in said housing, a heat exchanger carried by said housing and located remotely from said collection chamber, a plurality of guide members for mounting said absorption member in said heat exchanger and cooperating with the guide members in the housing for permitting the absorption member to continuously travel from the housing to the heat exchanger and back to the housing, and drive means for driving said absorption member. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein a plurality of said housings are positioned in predetermined relation to each other, said drive means driving all of said absorption members simultaneously. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the heat exchangers carried by each of said housings are connected to each other in heat exchange relation. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said heat exchanger contains air as a heat exchange medium. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said heat exchanger contains liquid as a heat exchange medium. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein heat exchange tubing is positioned within said liquid heat exchanger medium. 7. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein said heat exchangers contain air as a heat exchange medium. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the energy collection chambers are covered with glass and the heat exchangers are sealed relative to the collection chambers to minimize the leakage of air therebetween while permitting passage of said absorption members. 