A solar heat collector is disclosed having an outer cover plate, an intermediate cover plate and a solar radiation absorber mounted in spaced relation to each other by edge packing. The edge packing (1) removes moisture from the air space between the cover plates and absorber and (2) prevents moisture from entering the air space between the cover plates and the absorber.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar heat collector, comprising: at least one cover plate capable of passing solar energy having a major surface with a predetermined transmittance coefficient greater than zero, said at least one cover plate having predetermined peripheral dimensions and shape; a solar energy absorber having peripheral dimensions and shape similar to said at least one cover plate, said absorber having conduit means for moving a heat absorbing medium therethrough and a major surface having a predetermined absorptivity greater than zero; a rigid spacer frame having peripheral dimensions and shape similar to said at least one cover plate, said spacer frame mounting marginal edge portions of the major surfaces of said at least one cover plate and said absorber to provide a compartment therebetween; desiccating means mounted in said spacer frame and communicating with the compartment to remove moisture in the compartment; a continuous layer of moisture-impervious adhesive mounting said at least one cover plate, absorber and spacer frame to prevent moisture from moving into the compartment; and said layer of moisture-impervious adhesive and desiccating means maintaining the compartment essentially free of moisture to prevent the decrease of the predetermined absorptivity coefficient of said absorber and predetermined transmittance coefficient of said at least one cover plate. 2. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1 wherein said at least one cover plate is a first glass sheet, said spacer frame is a first metal spacer frame, and further including: a second glass sheet having peripheral dimensions and shape similar to said first glass sheet; a second metal spacer having peripheral dimensions and shape similar to said first glass sheet mounted to the marginal edge portions of said first and second glass sheets by a continuous layer of moisture-impervious adhesive to provide a compartment therebetween; desiccating facilities mounted in said second metal spacer and communicating with the compartment to remove moisture in the compartment; a continuous layer of moisture-impervious adhesive between said first metal spacer and marginal edge portion of the major surface of said absorber and said first glass sheet; a moisture-impervious tape having a continuous layer of moisture-impervious adhesive mounted on the peripheral edge portion of said glass sheets, said spacer frames and said absorber and extending over the outer marginal edge portions of said second glass sheet and said absorber; and a U-shaped channel member mounted on the marginal edges of said first glass sheet and said absorber. 3. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1 wherein said spacer frame is made of metal tubing. 4. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1 wherein said layer of moisture-impervious adhesive is provided around the peripheral edge portions of said spacer frame, said absorber and said at least one cover plate and further including: a moisture-impervious tape mounting said adhesive layer. 5. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1 further including: a U-shaped channel member mounted on the marginal edges of said at least one cover plate and said absorber to urge said at least one cover plate and said absorber toward each other. 6. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1 wherein said at least one cover plate is glass. 7. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 6 wherein said glass is tempered glass. 8. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1 wherein said at least one cover plate has a coating to increase the reflectance coefficient of said at least one cover plate to infrared energy. 9. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 2 wherein said absorber comprises a copper plate and said conduit means comprises copper tubing each having a coating to increase the absorptivity coefficient of said copper plate and copper tubing. 