A solar heating panel with a heat collector mounted on an insulating base and an arched cover over said collector mounted in clips at the edges of the base. One or two flexible covers slidingly positioned in channels of the mounting clips, with a cover in sealing engagement with the insulating base and projecting downward below the top of the base. A plurality of the heating panels mounted in an array on a roof or other structure and means for circulating water through the panels for withdrawing heat.
Claims I claim: 1. In a solar heating panel, the combination of: an elongate insulating base having a top and opposite edges; a cover; means for mounting said cover on said base at said opposite edges with said cover in sealing engagement with said base defining an air space between said cover and base, said cover mounting means including a clip at each opposite edge of said base, each of said clips having a first portion engaging said base and a second portion projecting outwardly and downwardly from said base with a channel for receiving the edge of said cover; a heat collector mounted on said base; and means for closing the ends of said air space. 2. A solar heating panel as defined in claim 1 wherein each of said clips has a third portion at right angles to said first portion and projecting under said base, and including means for joining said heat collector, base and clip third portion to a support strip. 3. A solar heating panel as defined in claim 1 wherein said cover is flexible to an arcuate position for sliding insertion into said channels of said clips. 4. In a solar heating panel, the combination of: an elongate insulating base having a top and opposite edges; a cover; means for mounting said cover on said base at said opposite edges with said cover projecting downward below said top defining an air space between said cover and base; said cover mounting means including a clip at each opposite edge of said base, each of said clips having a first portion engaging said base and a second portion projecting outwardly and downwardly from said base with a channel for receiving the edge of said cover; a heat collector mounted on said base; and means for closing the ends of said air space. 5. A solar heating panel as defined in claim 4 wherein said cover is flexible to an arcuate position for sliding insertion into said channels of said clips. 6. A solar heating panel as defined in claim 4 wherein said heat collector comprises a tube with a metal heat absorbing plate affixed thereto. 