An integrated array of optical fibers and thin film optical detectors is formed by constructing an array of optical detectors in registration with light-emitting portions of the optical fibers. A cadmium sulfide semiconducting film, grown upon a silicon substrate, is covered with an optically-transparent and electrically-conductive tin dioxide ground plane film. An array of optical fibers, having light-emitting ends in substantial contact with the conductive film, is mounted to a frame attached to such film. The frame and optical fibers are epoxy encapsulated above the conductive film; the substrate is then removed and photo resist applied over the newly-exposed semiconducting film surface. Light transmitted directly through the optical fibers, and through the light-emitting portions thereof in contact with the conductive film, is used to activate, from a rear side, only those portions of the photo resist layer which are in exact registration with the light-emitting ends of the optical fibers. After removal of the activated portions of photo resist, a film of platinum is deposited through the resulting photo resist windows onto exposed portions of the semiconductor film, thereby forming photovoltaic diodes. Aluminum contacts are applied over the platinum and, after removal of the remaining photo resist, conductors are bonded to the contacts and the ground plane film. The resulting integrated assembly may be packaged with other electronic components in a hermetically-sealed package. A method for fabricating an integrated array of optical fibers and thin film optical detectors is thereby provided.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An integrated array of optical fibers and thin film optical detectors, which comprises: a. thin film optical detector means, said detector means including an optically transparent, electrically-conductive film and a spaced array of thin film optical detector elements formed along a first surface thereof; and b. an array of optical fibers, said array comprising a pluality of optical fibers having light emitting first portions thereof in substantial contact with a second surface of said conductive film and in registration with said detector elements, the precise location of each individual detector element on said first surface being predetermined by transmitting light through said optical fibers to establish detector regions whereby each optical fiber is in optical communication with a corresponding one of said detector elements, said optical fibers having second portions adapted for receiving light from a light source. 2. The invention as claimed in claim 1, including means for optimizing light transmission from said light emitting first portions to said detector elements. 3. The invention as claimed in claim 2 wherein said optimizing means includes an optically-transparent fluid for filling voids between said light emitting first portions and adjacent portions of said second surface of said conductive film. 4. The invention as claimed in claim 3 further including a shaped, hardened, epoxy encapsulating resin encapsulating the electrically-conducting film, the optically-transparent fluid, and the first portions of the optical fibers. 5. The invention as claimed in claim 3 wherein the optically-transparent fluid comprises a silicone oil. 6. The invention as claimed in claim 1, including means for providing electrical contact with said detector elements, said means including conductors attached to exposed surfaces of said detector elements and at least one common conductor attached to said conductive film. 7. The invention as claimed in claim 1 wherein said detector elements are formed of a semiconductor film having deposited thereupon a metallic film to cause said semiconductor film to be photovoltaic. 8. The invention as claimed in claim 7 wherein each detector element comprises a photovoltaic diode including an isolated segment of said metallic film forming an alloy-type junction with an adjacent portion of the semiconductor film. 9. The invention as claimed in claim 1 further including mounting means encapsulating portions of said optical fibers and portions of said conductive film in a hardenable resin compound. 10. The invention as claimed in claim 9 wherein said mounting means further includes a tubular mounting element having exterior, axial optical fiber receiving grooves and means for retaining said optical fibers in said grooves. 11. The invention as claimed in claim 1 further including a stress relieving medium adjacent the light emitting first portions of the optical fibers and the second surface of the conductive film. 12. The invention as claimed in claim 11 wherein said medium comprises an optically-transparent fluid filling voids between said light emitting first portions and adjacent portions of the second surface of the conductive film. 13. The invention as claimed in claim 11 wherein the stress relieving medium comprises a silicone oil. 14. The invention as claimed in claim 1 wherein the precise location of each individual detector element is determined by light transmitted from a corresponding optical fiber. 15. The invention as claimed in claim 1 wherein each individual detector element is in exact registration with the light path from a corresponding optical fiber. 16. The invention as claimed in claim 1 wherein each individual detector element comprises a segment of an extended semiconductor film adjacent the electrically-conductive film, and an isolated metal film having a work function greater than that of the semiconductor film deposited along a surface of the semiconductor film remote from the electrically-conductive film exactly corresponding to the portion thereof exposed to light transmitted by the particular optical fiber corresponding to said detector element. 17. The invention as claimed in claim 16 wherein the metal film comprises platinum. 18. The invention as claimed in claim 16 wherein each individual detector element further comprises an isolated film of electrical contact material deposited along a surface of the metal film remote from the semiconductor film. 19. The invention as claimed in claim 18 wherein the contact material comprises aluminum. 20. The invention as claimed in claim 18 wherein each individual detector element further comprises an individual conductor attached to said electrical contact material, the array further including at least one common conductor attached to the electrically-conductive film at the second surface, and means for establishing electrical connections to said individual and common conductors. 21. The invention as claimed in claim 16 wherein said semiconducting film comprises a compound selected from Groups II-IV. 22. The invention as claimed in claim 21 wherein the semiconducting film comprises cadmium sulfide, wherein the electrically-conductive film comprises non-stoichiometric tin dioxide, wherein the metal film comprises platinum deposited on the cadmium sulfide remote from the tin dioxide and further including a film of aluminum deposited on the platinum remote from the cadmium sulfide. 23. The invention as claimed in claim 22 wherein the cadmium sulfide film is about 0.01 inch thick, wherein the tin dioxide film is about 2000 A. thick, wherein the platinum film is about 100 A. thick and wherein the aluminum film is about 4000 A. thick. 