The width of a continuously moving flat material, such as a web, or a film sheet, or a flattened tubular plastic film, in manufacture or in process, is continuously monitored by non contacting sensor means which scan the material by oscillating transversely across its moving edges. Departures from a preselected desired width are detected and signals are developed corresponding to the magnitude of a departure, and to whether it constitutes an increase or a decrease from the preselected width. The signals thus developed may be translated into visual or other sensible indicia and may also be applied to make appropriate changes in process control to reattain the set point width of the material being monitored.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for the detection and measurement of a departure from a preselected width in the width of a continuously moving web of material comprising, in combination, a first pair of web detector means spaced apart a distance less than the preselected width and disposed at transversely opposite locations adjacent the loci of the moving web edges; a second pair of web detector means spaced apart a distance greater than the preselected width, disposed in substantially linear alignment with said first pair of web detector means at transversely opposite locations adjacent the loci of the moving web edges; a support means mounting at least sensor portions of the first pair and the second pair of web detector means, disposed and arranged transversely athwart the direction of web movement; motive means to oscillate the support means and the portions of the first and the second pairs of web detector means mounted thereon reciprocally transversely across the edges of the continuously moving web, first signal generating means operably connected to the first pair of web detector means to produce a signal upon non-detection of web material simultaneously in both of said first pair of web detection means, second signal generating means operably connected to the second pair of web detector means to produce a signal upon the detection of web material simultaneously in both of said second pair of web detection means, means to translate a signal from said first signal generating means into indicia representative of and proportional to a departure from the preselected width to a width less than the preselected width, and means to translate a signal from said second signal generating means into indicia representative of and proportional to a departure from the preselected width to a width greater than the preselected width. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the web detector means comprise energy emission means in combination with corresponding respective energy sensor means. 3. Apparatus according to claim 2 wherein the energy emission means are light sources and the energy sensor means are photovoltaic elements. 4. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said first and said second signal generating and said signal translating means are electrical means. 5. Apparatus according to claim 2 wherein said first and said second signal generating means and said signal translating means are electrical means. 6. Apparatus according to claim 3 wherein said first and said second signal generating means and said signal translating means are electrical means. 7. Apparatus according to claim 1 in combination with web width control means operably connected to the first and the second signal generating means. 8. Apparatus for the detection, measurement and reversal of a departure from a preselected width in the width of a continuously moving web of material comprising, in combination, a first pair of photovoltaic cells spaced apart a distance less than the preselected width, disposed at transversely opposite locations adjacent the loci of moving web edges, in circuit in series connection with a first signal generating means; a second pair of photovoltaic cells spaced apart a distance greater than the preselected width, disposed in substantially linear alignment with said first pair of photovoltaic cells at transversely opposite locations adjacent the loci of the moving web edges, in parallel connection between themselves, in circuit with a second signal generating means; an elongate rigid support mounting said pairs of photovoltaic cells, arranged and disposed transversely athwart the direction of web movement; fixed light emission sources juxtaposed the photovoltaic cells arranged to impinge light thereon and spaced therefrom a distance to permit clear passage of a web material edges between said light emission sources and respective photovoltaic cells; oscillatory motive means operably connected to said support adapted to reciprocally move said support and the photovoltaic cells mounted thereon transversely back and forth across the edges of the continuously moving web; first signal generating means in circuit with the first pair of photovoltaic cells adapted to produce a pulse signal upon non-detection of web material simultaneously between both of said first pair of photovoltaic cells and their respective light emission sources; second signal generating means in circuit with the first pair of photovoltaic cells adapted to produce a pulse signal upon the detection of web material simultaneously between both of said second pair of photovoltaic cells and their respective light emission sources; web width control means in circuit with said first and said second signal generating means; a first signal translator in circuit with said first signal generating means and said web width control means adapted to apply an undersized web control correction signal to the web width control means proportional to a pulse signal produced in said first signal generating means; a second signal translator in circuit with said second signal generating means and said web width control means adapted to apply an oversized web control correction signal to the web width control means proportional to a pulse signal produced in said second signal generating means; a pulse signal verifier in circuit with said first and said second signal generating means and said first and said second signal translators adapted to receive a preselected number of pulse signals from a signal generating means before transmitting a first pulse signal to a translator; disconnect means in circuit with said signal generating means, said signal translators, and said pulse signal verifier energized and operable by the translators to disconnect the signal generators each from their respective signal translators while a respective correction signal is applied to the web width control means, and signal anti hunting time delay circuiting in circuit with the translators and the web width 9. A method for the non-contact detection and measurement of a departure from a preselected width in the width of a continuously moving web of material, which method comprises the steps of generating a first pair of web detection fields spaced apart a distance less than the preselected width and disposed at transversely opposite locations adjacent the loci of the moving web edges; generating a second pair of web detection fields, aligned, substantially linearly with said first pair of web detector fields disposed at transversely opposite locations adjacent the loci of the moving web edges, spaced apart a distance greater than the preselected width; continuously moving said pairs of web detection fields, together, reciprocally, transversely across the edges of the continuously moving web; developing a first signal corresponding to the absence of web material from both of the first pair of detection fields; developing a second signal corresponding to the presence of web material in both of the second pair of detection fields; translating said first signal into indicia representative of and proportional to a departure from the preselected width to a width less than the preselected width; and translating said second signal into indicia representative of and proportional to a departure from the preselected width to a width greater than the preselected width. 10. A method according to claim 9 in which the web detection fields generated are light fields. 11. A method according to claim 9 in which the first and the second signals are developed and translated electrically. 12. A method according to claim 10 in which the first and the second signals are developed and translated electrically. 13. A method according to claim 9 in combination with the added step of applying the first and the second signals developed to a control function determinative of the width of the web of material. 14. A method according to claim 9 wherein the continously moving web of material is a flattened blown tubular plastic film and the first and second signals which are developed are applied to control air volume interior of the blown tubular plastic film while it is in a softened condition. 