A solar heat collector includes a solar energy absorber having a pan-shaped configuration and a cover plate. The sidewalls of the absorber supports the cover plate in spaced relation to the base of the pan-shaped absorber thereby eliminating the need of a spacer frame.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar heat collector comprising: a monolithic pan-shaped solar energy absorber having a base and sidewalls; a cover plate capable of passing solar energy supported by said sidewalls of said absorber in spaced relation to said base of said absorber to provide an airspace therebetween; a moisture-impervious adhesive mounting said cover plate and said absorber to prevent moisture from moving into the air space; and moisture-absorbing means mounted in said absorber and communicating with the air space to absorb moisture in the air space. 2. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1, wherein said absorber has a breather tube for equalizing air pressure in the air space with the ambient air while preventing moisture from moving into the air space. 3. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1, wherein said absorber has conduit means for moving a heat absorbing medium therethrough wherein the heat absorbing medium is heated by solar radiation as it moves through said conduit means. 4. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1, wherein said absorber further includes: flanges integral with the sidewalls for supporting the cover plate in spaced relation with said base of said absorber. 5. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 4, further including: a U-shaped channel member mounting the perimeter of said plate and said flanges of the absorber and having opposed legs engage said plate and said flanges to urge said plate and said flanges toward each other. 6. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1, further including: a second cover plate capable of passing solar energy; and spacer assembly means for (1) maintaining said first cover plate in spaced relation to said second cover plate to provide an airspace therebetween; (2) preventing moisture from moving into the airspace between said cover plates and (3) absorbing moisture in the airspace between said cover plates. 7. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 6, further including: said spacer assembly means further including a breather tube for equalizing the air pressure in the airspace between the cover plates with the ambient air pressure while preventing moisture from moving into the airspace; and a breather tube provided on said absorber for equalizing the air pressure in the airspace between the first cover plate and said absorber while preventing moisture from moving therein. 8. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 7 wherein said absorber further includes: flanges integral with the sidewalls for supporting said first cover plate in spaced relation to said base of said absorber; and further including a bendable-formable tape having a layer of moisture-impervious adhesive thereon, said adhesive mounted (1) on the peripheral edge portions of said cover plates and (2) on the marginal edge portions of said second cover plate and said flanges of said absorber. 9. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 8, further including: a U-shaped channel member mounted about the perimeter of the cover plates and said flanges of said absorber and having opposed legs engaging said second cover plate and said flanges to urge the cover plates and said absorber toward each other. 10. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 8, further including: a thermal-insulating material positioned against outer surface of said absorber sidewalls; and a U-shaped channel member mounted about the perimeter of the cover plates, said flanges of said absorber and said thermal-insulating material and having opposed legs engaging said second cover plate and thermal insulating material to urge said cover plates, absorber and thermal-insulating material toward each other. 11. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 8, further including: a thermal-insulating material mounted against the outer absorber surface; a protective sheet mounted against said thermal-insulating material; and a U-shaped channel member mounted about the perimeter of the cover plates, said flanges of said absorber, said thermal-insulating material and said protective sheet and having opposed legs engaging said second cover plate and said protective sheet to urge said protective sheet toward the outer absorber surface against said thermal-insulating material. 12. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1, wherein said absorber is made of metal. 13. The solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1, wherein said moisture-absorbing means includes a cavity formed in the base of said absorber and desiccant material mounted in said cavity. 14. In a solar heat collector of the type having a cover plate capable of passing solar energy mounted in spaced relation to a solar energy absorber to provide an air space therebetween and a moisture-impervious seal to prevent moisture from moving into the air space between the absorber and cover plate, the improvement comprising: moisture-absorbing means mounted in the absorber and communicating with the air space to absorb moisture in the air space. 15. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 14 wherein said moisture-absorbing means includes a cavity formed in the absorber and desiccant material mounted in said cavity. 