A solar heat collector unit includes a solar heat collector having thermal-insulating material, e.g., fiber glass, provided against the outer absorber surface and a protective sheet over the insulating material. A generally U-shaped channel member is provided around the peripheral edges of the collector and protective sheet. The legs of the channel member engage the outer cover plate of the collector and the protective sheet to urge the collector and the protective sheet together about the thermal-insulating material.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In combination with a solar heat collector of the type having a cover plate for passing solar energy mounted in spaced relation to a solar energy absorber to provide an airspace therebetween, the peripheral edges and outer marginal edges of the cover plate and absorber define a subassembly, comprising: a layer of thermal insulating material having a first surface and a second surface opposite to the first surface, the first surface of said layer contacting the outer surface of the absorber; a member contacting the second surface of said thermal insulating material said member having peripheral dimensions similar to the peripheral dimensions of the absorber; and U-shaped channel means having outer legs spring biased toward each other mounting the peripheral edge portions of said subassembly and said member with a one of the outer legs engaging the marginal edge portions of said cover plate and the other one of said legs engaging the outer marginal edge portions of said member for urging the subassembly and said member together about said layer of thermal insulating material. 2. The solar heat collector unit as set forth in claim 1 further including: means for absorbing moisture from the airspace and means for preventing the ingress of moisture into the airspace. 3. The solar heat collector unit as set forth in claim 1 wherein said member is a sheet of metal. 4. The solar heat collector unit as set forth in claim 1 wherein said member is a formed member having a base and sidewalls to form a compartment for encompassing said thermal-insulating material and flanges extending outward from said sides wherein said flanges are engaged by said spring biasing means. 5. The solar heat collector unit as set forth in claim 4 wherein said member is made of metal and further includes a thermal-insulating member between said flanges of said member and said absorber. 6. The solar heat collector window as set forth in claim 5 wherein said thermal-insulating member is asbestos. 7. The solar heat collector unit as set forth in claim 1 wherein said thermal-insulating material is fiber glass. 8. The solar heat collector unit as set forth in claim 1 further including: said solar collector further including: a second cover plate for passing solar radiation; a second means mounted between said cover plate and said second cover plate for maintaining said cover plates in spaced relationship to each other while providing an air space therebetween; and means for preventing the ingress of moisture into the air space; and said U-shaped channel means engaging marginal edge portions of said member and said second cover plate. 