An improved solar energy collector converter apparatus employing a closed energy conversion cycle utilizing alcohol as the conversion medium and incorporating a solar energy collector which is equipped to follow the sun.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for providing continuous operation of an energy converter from an intermittently effective solar heat source comprising in combination: a hollow solar energy collector element for converting a liquid to its gaseous state by the application of heat, a reflector for focusing solar rays on said collector element, an energy converter for converting expanding gas under pressure into mechanical movement, a condenser, a first conduit means for transmitting the gas generated by said collector element to said energy converter for expansion and conversion to mechanical movement, a second conduit means for transmitting the expanded gas exhausted by said energy converter to said condenser, a third conduit means for transmitting the gas condensed into its liquid state by said condenser to said collector element, an electrical heating element mounted in said collector element, a source of electrical energy for heating said element, and a sensor mounted in said collector element, said sensor at a predetermined temperature of the gas in said collector energizing said heating element to supplement the heating effects of the solar rays, said hollow solar energy collection element comprising a first hollow cylinder having a coaxially arranged second inner cylinder spaced from the inside walls of said first cylinder and defining a chamber therebetween, said third conduit means being connected to deliver the gas in its liquid state to said chamber, means for directing said gas in the liquid state lengthwise along the collecting element in one direction whereby the liquid is converted to its gaseous state, said second inner cylinder receiving the thus converted gas and directing it through the inner cylinder in an opposite direction along the length of the collecting element, said first conduit means being connected to receive the gas after its flow through said inner cylinder. 2. The apparatus set forth in claim 1 wherein: said reflector comprises a parabolic reflector. 3. The apparatus set forth in claim 1 in further combination with: means for turning said reflector and said energy converter for optimum exposure to solar rays. 4. The apparatus set forth in claim 1 in further combination with: frame means comprising bearing structures for pivotally mounting said collector element and said reflector for 360.degree. rotation about its axis, and a means for changing the position of said collector element and said reflector to conform to the diurnal path of the sun. 5. The apparatus set forth in claim 1 in further combination with: frame means comprising bearing structures for pivotally mounting said collector element and said reflector for 360.degree. rotation about its axis, a first means for changing the position of said collector element and said reflector to conform to the diurnal path of the sun, and a second means for pivotally mounting said frame means for predetermined pivotal movement laterally to its movement by said first means to compensate for seasonal positions of the sun, said bearing structures each comprising a conduit means for passing through the bearing structure the liquid to be transmitted to and from said collector element. 6. The apparatus set forth in claim 1 wherein: said fluid comprises alcohol. 7. The apparatus set forth in claim 1 wherein: said means for directing includes vanes within said chamber for directing the fluid passing through it in a spiral path. 