A solar heat collector has a breather tube provided on the absorber plate to provide communication between the ambient air and air in the airspace of the collector through desiccant material. In this manner, the air pressure in the airspace is equalized to the ambient air pressure without moisture moving into the airspace and the desiccant material is regenerated.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar heat collector of the type having a spacer assembly mounted between marginal edge portions of a cover plate capable of passing solar energy and a solar energy absorber to provide an airspace therebetween, a moisture-impervious seal mounting the spacer assembly, cover plate and absorber to prevent ingress of moisture into the airspace, the improvement comprising: the absorber comprising: containing means mounted on the absorber in spaced relation to the marginal edge portions of the absorber; desiccating material in said containing means; first means for providing communication between said desiccating material and the airspace; and second means thru said absorber for providing communication between the atmosphere and said desiccating material. 2. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1 wherein said containing means includes a cavity formed in the absorber and said first providing means includes a hole through the inner surface of the absorber to said cavity and said second providing means includes a hole spaced from the hole of said first providing means and through the outer surface of the absorber to said cavity. 3. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1 wherein said containing means includes a tubular container mounted on the inner surface of the absorber. 4. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1 wherein said containing means includes a tubular container mounted on the outer surface of the absorber. 5. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 4 wherein said containing means further includes: means for detachably securing said tubular container on the outer surface of the absorber. 6. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 1 wherein the cover plate is a first cover plate, the airspace is a first airspace, the spacer assembly is a first spacer assembly, further including: a second cover plate capable of passing solar energy; and a second spacer assembly for maintaining the second cover plate in spaced relation to the first cover plate to provide a second airspace therebetween; and the moisture-impervious seal mounting the second spacer assembly and first and second cover plates to prevent moisture from moving into the second airspace. 7. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 6 further including means for providing fluid communication between the first and second airspaces. 8. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 7 further including means mounting the absorber for moving a heat absorbing medium therethrough. 9. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 8 wherein said containing means includes: a cavity formed in the absorber on each side of the moving means and said first providing means includes a first hole through the inner surface of the absorber to said cavity and said second providing means includes a second hole spaced from the first hole through the outer absorber surface to said cavity. 10. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 8 wherein said containing means includes a tubular container mounted on the inner surface of the absorber on each side of the moving means. 11. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 8 wherein said containing means includes a tubular container mounted in the outer absorber surface on each side of the moving means. 12. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 7 wherein the moisture-impervious seal includes: a bendable-formable tape having a layer of moisture-impervious adhesive thereon, said adhesive mounted on at least the peripheral edges of the second cover plate and absorber; and further including means for urging the second cover plate and absorber toward each other. 13. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 7 wherein at least one of the spacer assemblies includes desiccant material for removing moisture in its respective airspace. 14. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 6 wherein the second spacer assembly includes: a spacer frame; means for absorbing moisture in the second airspace; and means for permitting the ingress of air from the second airspace when the air pressure in the second airspace is greater than the ambient air pressure and for the ingress of moisture free air into the second airspace when the pressure in the second airspace is less than the ambient air pressure. 15. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 14 wherein the first spacer assembly includes a solid spacer frame. 16. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 6 wherein a layer of moisture-impervious adhesive is on opposed surfaces of the first spacer assembly and further including: a layer of thermal-insulating material adhesively bonded to the marginal edge portions of the absorber and adjacent surface of the first spacer assembly. 17. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 6 further including: a layer of thermal-insulating material on outer absorber surface; a protective sheet; and spring biasing means to urge the collector and protective sheet together against the layer of thermal-insulating materal. 18. A solar heat collector for regenerating desiccant material used to absorb moisture in the heat collector wherein the heat collector is of the type having a spacer assembly mounted between marginal edge portions of a cover plate capable of passing solar radiation and a solar energy absorber to provide an airspace therebetween, a moisture-impervious seal mounting the spacer assembly, cover plate, and absorber to prevent ingress of moisture into the airspace, the improvement comprising: the absorber comprising: containing means mounted on the absorber in spaced relation to the marginal edge portions of the absorber; desiccating material in said containing means; first means for providing communication between the airspace and said desiccating material to remove moisture from the airspace; and second means thru the absorber for providing communication between the atmosphere and said desiccating material wherein heating the absorber by solar energy heats said desiccating material driving moisture therefrom and expands air in the airspace to move the air through said first providing means said desiccating material and said second providing means to remove the moisture to regenerate said desiccating material. 19. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 18 wherein said containing means includes a cavity formed in the absorber and said first providing means includes a hole through the inner surface of the absorber to said cavity and said second providing means includes a hole through the outer surface of the absorber to said cavity and spaced from the hole of said first providing means to provide communication between the cavity and the atmosphere. 20. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 18 wherein said containing means includes a tubular container mounted on the inner surface of said absorber. 21. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 18 wherein said containing means includes a tubular container mounted on the outer surface of said absorber. 22. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 18 wherein the cover plate is a first cover plate and the spacer assembly is a first spacer assembly and further including a second cover plate and a second spacer assembly to maintain the first and second cover plates in spaced relation with an airspace therebetween and the moisture-impervious seal mounts the first and second cover plates and the second spacer assembly to prevent moisture from moving into the airspace between the cover plates. 23. The improved solar heat collector as set forth in claim 22 wherein the moisture-impervious seal includes: a bendable-formable tape having a layer of moisture-impervius adhesive thereon, said adhesive mounted on at least the peripheral edges of the cover plates and absorber; and further including means for urging the second cover plate and absorber toward each other. 