A solar panel construction including an elongated, sealed, flat, polygonal case or receptacle within which is supported a metal solar energy collector panel on rigid permeable insulation material and also relatively soft yieldable permeable insulation material and a radiant energy transmitting means is spaced above the collector panel, the construction being hermetically sealed and dehumidified and particularly arranged to yield under conditions of temperature extremes without loss of hermetic sealing and loss of efficiency. A method of preconditioning such a solar panel construction to obtain optimum effectiveness between temperature ranges to which the panel construction will be subjected.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar panel construction comprising: a receptacle having a bottom wall, an upstanding peripheral wall, and a top opening defined by said peripheral wall, a solar collector plate supported below said top opeining; said plate having tubular means in heat transmitting relation thereto for circulation of a fluid; said tubular means having inlet and outlet means; an energy transmitting means spaced above said collector plate in said top opening; and means for yieldably mounting and maintaining said plate and energy transmitting means in sealed assembly with respect to said receptacle whereby differential expansion and contraction are compensated without impairing said sealed relation, said mounting means including air permeable means. 2. A solar panel construction comprising: a receptacle having a bottom wall, an upstanding peripheral wall, and a top opening defined by said peripheral wall, a solar collector plate supported below said top opening; said plate having tubular means attached thereto in heat transmitting realtion for circulation of a fluid; said tubular means having inlet and outlet means; having inlet and outlet means; an energy transmitting means spaced above said collector plate in said top opening; and means for yieldably mounting and maintaining said plate and energy transmitting means in sealed assembly with respect to said receptacle whereby differential expansion and contraction are compensated without impairing said sealed relation; said mounting means including first dimensionally stable permeable insulation means at peripheral portions of said receptacle for supporting edge margins of said plate; said permeable insulation conducting air heated by said collector plate throughout the receptacle and minimizing air pressure differentials in the receptacle. 3. In a panel contruction as stated in claim 2 wherein said mounting means includes a soft permeable insulation means beneath said collector plate for floatingly supporting interior areas of said collector plate. 4. In a panel contruction as stated in claim 2 wherein said mounting means includes a second dimensionally stable permeable insulation peripherally a arranged above said first insulation means and extending inwardly for defining air sapce between said collector plate and energy transmitting means and supporting edge margins of said energy transmitting means. 5. In a panel construction as stated in claim 4 wherein said mounting means includes insulating members on said second rigid insulation means and having a depth dimension greater than the space into which it is received whereby peripheral margins of each of said rigid insulation means are held under predetermined compression. 6. In a panel construction as stated in claim 1 wherein said mounting means includes said air permeable means including insulation means; each inlet and outlet means extending through said insulation means to the exterior of said receptacle, and flexible gasket means affording axial and lateral movement of said inlet and outlet means under conditions of expansion and contraction during operation of said solar panel. 7. In a panel construction as stated in claim 4 including means for reducing heat differential between the central part and the edge margins of the energy transmitting means. 8. In a panel construction as stated in claim 7 wherein: said reducing means includes providing edge margins of said second insulation means with an energy absorbing coating. 9. In a panel construction as stated in claim 7 wherein: said reducing means includes providing edge portions of said energy transmitting means with an energy absorbing material. 10. A solar panel construction, comprising: a hollow receptacle having an opening; a transparent cover means for said opening; an energy collecting means within said receptacle and facing said opening to receive radiant energy passing through said opening; means within said receptacle supporting said energy collecting means and said cover means and regulating thermal movement of said cover means and energy collecting means to maintain said panel construction in sealed assembly; said means including permeable means extending beneath said collecting means and around the peripheral edges of the collecting means providing communication of air around said energy collecting means. 11. A solar panel construction as stated in claim 10 wherein supporting and regulating means includes means providing a peripheral space between said hollow receptacle and said cover means within the planar zone of said cover means; and a flexible yieldable material in said peripheral space in sealing contact with said receptacle and cover means. 12. A solar panel construction as stated in claim 11 wherein said permeable means supporting said cover means extends opposite said peripheral space in said planar zone and opposite said flexible yieldable material in said space. 13. A solar panel construction as stated in claim 10 wherein said permeable means extends beneath substantially the area of said collecting means and is yieldable to deflection of said collecting means. 14. A solar panel construction as stated in claim 10 wherein said energy collecting means includes inlet and outlet means extending through said permeable means and said receptacle; and means resiliently and yieldably connecting said inlet and outlet means to said receptacle. 