A spacecraft structure comprises a hollow inner cylindrical member and a plurality of planar bulkheads secured to the outer surface of the inner member and extending radially outwardly from the inner member. A plurality of planar enclosure panels are secured to the extended edges of the bulkheads and each other to form an enclosed spacecraft structure. Suitable payload equipment is secured to the enclosure panels while an apogee kick motor is secured within the inner member.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A spacecraft structure comprising: an inner hollow cylindrical member, a plurality of bulkheads secured to and depending outwardly from said member, and an outer enclosure member secured to the extended ends of said bulkheads and the ends of said inner cylindrical member to form a compartmentalized enclosed structure, means within said cylindrical member including spacecraft engine mounting means connected to said cylindrical member for securing a spacecraft engine within said cylindrical member, said outer enclosure member including means for securing spacecraft equipment thereto and serving to provide structural rigidity to said structure while supporting said equipment. 2. The structure of claim 1 further including rod-like truss means secured to said inner member for securing a plurality of fuel tanks to said structure. 3. The spacecraft of claim 1 wherein said spacecraft equipment includes a communication antenna secured coaxial with the longitudinal axis of said inner member and a plurality of deployable solar cell array, said inner member including cell array deploying means secured thereto. 4. The spacecraft structure of claim 1 wherein said inner member includes a plurality of longitudinally extending ribs and annular ribs extending around the circumference of said inner member in a direction transverse said longitudinally extending ribs. 5. The spacecraft of claim 1 wherein said enclosure member is formed of a plurality of members, said plurality of members and said bulkheads forming a plurality of equipment storage compartments, each compartment being enclosed by at least one of said plurality of members. 6. A spacecraft structure comprising; a hollow cylindrical inner member including a plurality of longitudinally extending stiffening ribs and a plurality of annular stiffening ribs extending in a direction transverse said longitudinally extending ribs, a plurality of plate-like stiffening members depending from said inner member in a radial outward direction longitudinally along the outer periphery of said inner member a plurality of enclosure plates, certain of said plates extending substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of said inner member, each one of said certain plates being secured to one of said plate-like members and to two of the other enclosure plates, the remaining enclosure plates extending transversely the longitudinal axis of said inner member with each one of said remaining plates being secured to each of said certain enclosure plates and to each of said plate-like stiffening members, and means within said cylindrical member including spacecraft engine mounting means connected to said cylindrical member for securing a spacecraft engine within said cylindrical member. 