A solar energy concentrating and collecting assembly including a formed synthetic resin radiation concentrator having a series of elongated, generally rectilinear, side-by-side, parallel solar ray focusing surfaces that extend in a direction which is at an angle relative to the side margins of the focusing area but are of helical configuration longitudinally thereof in order to focus the solar radiation onto a narrow zone spaced from the concentrator which is parallel with the side margins of the focusing area. In its preferred form, the focusing surfaces define a Fresnel-type concentrator. A relatively large number of focusing surfaces are provided per unit width of the concentrator to minimize the effective thickness thereof and the accuracy and integrity of the focusing surfaces is obtained and preserved in the focusing unit by forming thereof from a sheet of synthetic resin material which has been forced against a cylindrical die having a continuous, helical, focusing surface defining groove in the circumference thereof which thereby causes such surfaces to be at an angle relative to the direction of travel of the sheet during forming and thereby in the final product, but with a built-in warp in such surfaces longitudinally thereof to maintain a nonangular focusing zone spaced from the concentrator. Forming of the concentrator against a continuous surface die permits fabrication of a radiation energy focusing sheet of any desired length having a series of repeat pattern Fresnel surfaces which merge smoothly and uninterruptedly one into another with the effective focus thereof extending longitudinally of the sheet even though the focusing surfaces are at an angle relative to the focus zone.
Claims Having thus described the invention, what is claimed as new and desired to be secured by Letters Patent is: 1. A solar radiation concentrator comprising: a sheet element having a series of elongated, generally straight, side-by-side, essentially parallel, radiation focusing surfaces conjointly presenting a solar radiation focusing area, said surfaces being of transversely angular configurations relative to one another, causing solar rays impinging on said area to be focused by the surfaces onto an elongated zone spaced from the area of narrower width than the latter to concentrate the radiation in said zone, each of said surfaces having an angularity at one end thereof which is different from the angularity of such surface at the opposite end of the same, whereby the zone of focus is oriented with the longitudinal axis thereof at an angle relative to the longitudinal lengths of said surfaces. 2. A solar radiation concentrator as set forth in claim 1 wherein each of said surfaces is configured to present a continuously changing angularity transversely thereof from one end to the opposite end of the same. 3. A solar radiation concentrator as set forth in claim 1 wherein said surfaces are configured and arranged to present a Fresnel-type focusing area. 4. A solar radiation concentrator as set forth in claim 1 wherein said sheet element is of transparent material and each of the surfaces defines one side of a diffraction lens component. 5. A solar radiation concentrator as set forth in claim 1 wherein each of said surfaces represents in cross section a projection to a common planar area of a respective tangent to corresponding curve segments that lie in an imaginary cylinder extending through opposite side margins of the focusing area. 6. A solar radiation concentrator as set forth in claim 5 wherein each of said surfaces is joined to an adjacent surface by an inclined face, said faces decreasing in inclination and being of less width as the center portion of the area is approached. 7. A solar radiation concentrator as set forth in claim 1 wherein said surfaces of the element are inclined relatively in opposite directions from respective side margins of the area as the central part of the element is approached. 8. A solar radiation concentrator as set forth in claim 1 wherein said element is of generally planar overall configuration with the outermost peak defining edge of each of said surfaces remote from the main body of the element essentially lying in a common plane. 9. A solar radiation concentrator comprising: a sheet element having a series of elongated, generally straight side-by-side, essentially parallel, radiation focusing surfaces conjointly presenting a solar radiation focusing area, said surfaces being of transversely angular configurations relative to one another, causing solar rays impinging on said area to be focused by the surfaces onto an elongated zone spaced from the area of narrower width than the latter to concentrate the radiation in said zone, each of said surfaces being longitudinally warped in a direction and to an extent to cause the angle of a respective surface at one end thereof to be essentially the same as the angle of the surface at the opposite end of a next adjacent surface. 10. A solar radiation concentrator as set forth in claim 9 wherein each of said surfaces is of generally helical configuration longitudinally thereof. 11. A solar radiation concentrator as set forth in claim 9 wherein the change in angularity of each of the surfaces is relatively uniform throughout respective lengths thereof. 12. A solar radiation concentrator as set forth in claim 9 wherein said surfaces define a Fresnel-type focusing area. 13. A solar radiation concentrator as set forth in claim 9 wherein said element has opposed, generally parallel, side margins, the longitudinal lengths of said surfaces being at an angle relative to said side margins. 14. A solar radiation concentrator as set forth in claim 9 wherein said element is of relatively thin, transparent synthetic resin material. 15. A solar radiation concentrator as set forth in claim 9 wherein said element comprises a blank having at least one elongated slit guide track therein, said surfaces being oriented at an angle relative to said guide track. 16. A solar radiation concentrator as set forth in claim 9 wherein said element is provided with a plurality of surfaces defining separate side-by-side Fresnel-type focusing areas each adapted to direct solar rays onto a respective zone aligned therewith whereby said zones are in spaced, generally parallel relationship. 17. A solar radiation concentrator comprising: an elongated sheet element having a plurality of end-to-end repeat pattern radiation focusing areas, each of said areas being provided with a series of elongated, generally straight, essentially parallel solar ray focusing surfaces, each of said surfaces being aligned with and merging into a surface of a next adjacent focusing area, said surfaces being of transversely angular configuration relative to one another, causing solar rays impinging on respective areas to be focused by such surfaces onto a zone spaced from a corresponding area and of narrower width than the latter to concentrate the radiation in each of said zones, said surfaces extending in directions which are at an angle relative to the longitudinal length of the sheet element and longitudinally warped to an extent and in directions to cause the solar rays to be focused onto said zones and which extend longitudinally of the element in substantially parallel relationship to the longitudinal axis thereof notwithstanding the angular disposition of the surfaces relative to said axis. 18. A solar radiation concentrator as set forth in claim 17 wherein the angle of inclination of each of said surfaces changes from one relative direction to an opposite direction intermediate the ends thereof. 19. A solar radiation concentrator as set forth in claim 17 wherein said surfaces present Fresnel-type radiation focusing areas. 20. A solar radiation collecting assembly comprising: an elongated sheet element having a plurality of end-to-end repeat pattern radiation focusing areas, each of said areas being provided with a series of elongated, generally straight, essentially parallel solar ray focusing surfaces, each of said surfaces being aligned with and merging into a surface of a next adjacent focusing area, said surfaces being of transversely angular configurations relative to one another, causing solar rays impinging on respective areas to be focused by said surfaces thereof onto a relatively narrow zone spaced from a corresponding area to concentrate the radiation in each of said zones, said surfaces extending in directions which are at an angle relative to the longitudinal length of the sheet element and longitudinally warped to an extent and in directions to cause the solar rays to be focused onto said zones and which extend longitudinally of the element in substantially parallel relationship to the longitudinal axis thereof notwithstanding the angular disposition of the surfaces relative to said axis; an elongated collector conduit having a solar radiation absorption surface and adapted to convey a thermal energy absorbing medium therethrough; and means mounting the conduit in disposition aligned with said zones, and conduit being of a width approximately equal to that of said zones for most efficient collection of solar radiation impinging thereon. 21. A solar radiation collecting assembly as set forth in claim 20 wherein said surfaces of the element are configured and arranged to define a series of Fresnel-type focusing areas. 22. A solar radiation collecting assembly as set forth in claim 20 wherein said surfaces of each element face toward the conduit and thus away from the radiation source. 23. A solar radiation collecting assembly as set forth in claim 20 wherein is provided means mounting the elements for swinging movement through an arc which will maintain the same in essentially perpendicular relationship to the source of said solar radiation. 24. A solar radiation collecting assembly comprising: a plurality of sheet element concentrators disposed in end-to-end relationship and each having a series of elongated, generally rectilinear, side-by-side, essentially parallel radiation focusing surfaces conjointly presenting a solar radiation focusing area, said surface of each element being of transversely angular configuration relative to one another, causing solar rays impinging on a respective area to be focused by the surfaces thereof onto an elongated zone spaced therefrom of narrower width than the corresponding area to concentrate the radiation in the zone associated with each element, said elements being oriented with the surfaces thereof extending in essentially the same direction and the surfaces thereof being configured and arranged to focus solar radiation onto zones which are essentially aligned end-to-end; an elongated collector conduit having a solar radiation absorptive surface and adapted to convey a thermal energy absorbing medium therethrough; and means mounting the conduit in the aligned zones in disposition extending longitudinally thereof, each of said surfaces of each element being longitudinally warped in a direction and to an extent to cause the angle of a respective surface at one end thereof to be essentially the same as the angle of the surface at the opposite end of a next adjacent surface. 25. A solar radiation collecting assembly comprising: a sheet element having a series of elongated, generally rectilinear, discrete, essentially parallel, radiation focusing surfaces on one face thereof conjointly presenting a solar radiation focusing area, the opposite of said element being substantially planar and parallel with an imaginary plane through the outermost projections of the focusing surfaces defining said area, said surfaces being of transversely angular configurations relative to one another, causing solar rays impinging on said area to be focused by the surfaces onto a relatively narrow, elongated zone spaced from the area, each of said surfaces being of longitudinally helical configuration whereby the angularity thereof constantly changes from one end of a respective surface to the opposite end of the same; an elongated collector conduit having a solar radiation absorptive surface and adapted to convey a thermal energy absorbing medium therethrough; and means mounting the conduit in said zone in disposition extending longitudinally thereof. 26. A solar radiation collecting assembly as set forth in claim 25 wherein said mounting means supports the conduit with the axis thereof substantially along a line representing the focal points of said surfaces along the longitudinal lengths thereof. 27. A solar radiation collecting assembly as set forth in claim 26 wherein said surfaces define a Fresnel-type focusing area. 28. A solar radiation collecting assembly as set forth in claim 27 wherein said planar face of the element is oriented in disposition facing away from said conduit. 29. A solar radiation collecting assembly as set forth in claim 25 wherein said element comprises transparent polycarbonate type synthetic resin material. 30. A solar radiation collecting assembly as set forth in claim 25 wherein from 5 to 25 of said surfaces are provided in said one face of the element per inch of width transversely thereof. 31. A solar radiation collecting assembly as set forth in claim 30 wherein about 20 of said surfaces are provided in said face per inch of width thereof. 32. A solar radiation collecting assembly as set forth in claim 25 wherein one face of the element is provided with a plurality of said focusing areas in side-by-side relationship, each of which defines a Fresnel-type radiation concentrator, there being a conduit aligned with and receiving solar radiation from each Fresnel-type concentrator respectively. 