An integrated array of optical fibers and thin film optical detectors is formed by constructing an array of optical detectors in registration with light-emitting portions of the optical fibers. A cadmium sulfide semiconducting film, grown upon a silicon substrate, is covered with an optically transparent and electrically conductive tin dioxide ground plane film. An array of optical fibers, having light-emitting ends in substantial contact with the conductive file, is mounted to a frame attached to such film. The frame and optical fibers are epoxy encapsulated above the conductive film; the substrate is then removed and photo resist applied over the newly exposed semiconducting film surface. Light transmitted directly through the optical fibers, and through the light-emitting portions thereof in contact with the conductive film, is used to activate, from a rear side, only those portions of the photo resist layer which are in exact registration with the light-emitting ends of the optical fibers. After removal of the activated portions of photo resist, a film of platinum is deposited through the resulting photo resist windows onto exposed portions of the semiconductor film, thereby forming photovoltaic diodes. Aluminum contacts are applied over the platinum and, after removal of the remaining photo resist, conductors are bonded to the contacts and the ground plane film. The resulting integrated assembly may be packaged with other electronic components in a hermetically sealed package. A method for fabricating an integrated array of optical fibers and thin film optical detectors is thereby provided.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for registering an optical fiber and a thin film optical detector, which comprises the steps of: a. mounting a light emitting portion of an optical fiber in fixed relationship with, and in close proximity to, a first surface of a semiconducting film; b. applying a photosensitive emulsion film to a second surface of said semiconducting film; c. directing light through said optical fiber and out said light emitting portion thereof to activate only that portion of said emulsion film in registration with said light emitting portion; d. removing only said activated portions of said emulsion film and thereby creating a window in said emulsion film in optical registration with said light emitting portion of said optical fiber; and e. forming an optical detecting element by depositing a metallic film through said window onto the exposed portion of semiconducting film therebelow. 2. The method as claimed in claim 1 including the step of removing the remaining emulsion film after deposition of the metal film. 3. The method as claimed in claim 1, including the step of forming an optically transparent, electrically conductive ground plane film upon said semiconducting film first surface, said light emitting portions of said optical fibers being adjacent said ground plane film. 4. The method as claimed in claim 3 including the step of attaching a first conductor to the portion of said metal film deposited on said exposed portion of said semiconducting film and attaching a second conductor to said ground plane film. 5. The method as claimed in claim 1 wherein the mounting step includes encapsulating end portions of said optical fiber in an epoxy resin. 6. The method as claimed in claim 1 wherein the mounting step includes the step of introducing a light transmitting fluid into voids between said light transmitting portion of said optical fiber and said semiconducting film therebelow, whereby to optimize optical transmission from said light transmitting portion to said optical detecting element. 7. A method of constructing a thin film optical detector in registration with a light-emitting portion of an optical fiber, which comprises the steps of: a. forming a thin, light-sensitive semiconductor film upon the surface of a crystalline substrate, b. depositing a thin, optically transparent conductive ground plane film on an exposed first surface of said semiconductor film, c. mounting a light emitting portion of an optical fiber in substantial contact with an exposed surface portion of said conductive film, and supporting said optical fiber relative to said conductive film, d. removing said substrate to expose a second surface of said semiconductor film, e. applying a photosensitive emulsion to said second semiconductor surface, f. directing a light through said optical fiber light emitting portion and through both said conductive film and said semiconductor film to activate, from a back surface, only that portion of said emulsion in optical registration with said light emitting portion of said optical fiber, g. removing only said activated portion of said emulsion, thereby opening an emulsion window to expose only that portion of said semiconductor film in optical registration with said light emitting portion, h. depositing a metallic film onto said exposed portion of said semiconductor film through said emulsion window, to cause said portion of said semiconductor film to become photovoltaic; and i. removing portions of said emulsion and therewith portions of said metallic film other than those portions deposited through said windows. 8. The method as claimed in claim 7, including the steps of depositing a thin film metal conductor over said metallic film prior to removal of the remaining photoresist, and bonding a first electrical conductor to that portion of metal conductor film remaining after removal of the remaining photoresist and a second electrical conductor to said conductive film. 9. The method of claim 7, including the step of filling voids between said light emitting portion and subjacent portions of said conductive film with a light-transmitting fluid, whereby light transfer from said light emitting portion to said optical detecting element is maximized. 10. The method of claim 7, wherein said mounting step includes epoxy encapsulation of portions of said optical fiber and portions of said conductive film. 