A solar heat concentrator comprising, in combination, solar radiation concentrator means and absorber means for converting the concentrated solar energy into usable form. The concentrator means is essentially a line focus Fresnel array, and includes a plurality of generally parallelly disposed elongated self-supporting elements with reflective surfaces, each element having means for positioning the reflective surfaces in an operative solar viewing disposition, as well as in an inoperative or idle disposition wherein the reflective surfaces are protected from adverse affects due to the elements, including wind, dust, hail, and the like. The radiation absorber means includes an elongated fluid transfer duct of closed cross-section such as an elongated cylinder, with the axis of the fluid transfer duct being generally parallel to the longitudinal axis of the array of reflective surfaces, and with the peripheral surface of the fluid transfer duct having an energy adsorptive zone viewing the concentrator means at substantially the focal point of the concentrator, the balance of the peripheral surface of the absorber being thermally insulated.
Claims I claim: 1. In a solar heat concentrator comprising, in combination, solar radiation concentrator means and radiation absorber means for receiving concentrated solar energy from said concentrator means; a. said solar concentrator means comprising a plurality of generally parallelly disposed elongated reflector elements each element having a reflective surface and including means for controllably positioning each of said reflective surfaces in solar viewing and absorber reflecting disposition for accommodation of diurnal solar motion; b. said radiation absorber means including an elongated generally cylindrical fluid transfer duct having a cylindrical axis extending generally parallel to the elongated axis of each of said reflective surfaces, and with a generally closed peripheral surface, said peripheral surface being disposed about said cylindrical axis and having an arcuate portion defining an energy absorptive zone and an arcuate portion defining a thermally insulative zone, with said energy absorptive zone being disposed in generally opposed relationship to said reflective surface, and with the balance of the arcuate surface of said absorber comprising said insulative zone and being provided with a thermally insulative covering for substantially reducing the thermal energy losses therefrom, said fluid transfer duct being disposed along a plane generally at least as high as that of the uppermost of said elongated reflector elements. 2. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 1 being particularly characterized in that said means for controllably positioning said reflector elements includes means for rotation of each of said elongated surfaces about an axis disposed generally parallel to the elongated axis of said reflective surface. 3. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 2 being particularly characterized in that said means for controllably positioning said reflective surfaces includes means for directing said reflective surfaces vertically downwardly. 4. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 2 being particularly characterized in that said means for controllably positioning said reflective surfaces includes means for rotating said reflective surfaces about an arcuate path upwardly and away from solar viewing disposition. 5. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 1 being particularly characterized in that said solar concentrator means comprises frame means for said elongated reflective surfaces, and wherein laterally disposed support columns are provided for mounting of said frame means thereon. 6. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 5 wherein means are provided for controllably tilting said lateral support columns to accommodate seasonal variations in solar elevation. 7. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 1 being particularly characterized in that said elongated reflective surfaces are line focus cylindrical parabolas, each having focal lines converging upon said energy absorptive zone. 8. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 1 wherein said energy absorptive zone is coated with a black film. 9. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 1 wherein said energy absorptive zone is covered with a transparent film forming an enclosure about the surface of said absorptive zone. 10. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 9 wherein said transparent film is fluorinated ethylene propylene. 11. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 1 wherein said fluid transfer duct is fabricated from copper. 12. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 1 wherein said radiation absorber means comprises a plurality of generally parallelly disposed fluid transfer ducts. 13. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 1 wherein said radiation absorber means is disposed between the sun and said reflective surfaces. 14. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 1 wherein coupling linkage means are provided between adjacent reflective surfaces. 15. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 1 including solar detector means for detecting incident solar radiation. 16. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 15 wherein condition responsive means are provided for drivably rotating said reflective surfaces to generally vertically downwardly disposed disposition upon detection of absence of incident solar radiation. 17. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 1 wherein solar radiation responsive means are provided for controllably adjusting the arcuate disposition of each of said reflective surfaces in response to diurnal changes in solar elevation. 18. The solar heat concentrator as defined in claim 17 wherein said solar radiation resposive means are positioned in oppositely disposed relationship of the axis of said radiation absorber means. 19. In a solar heat concentrator comprising, in combination, solar radiation concentrator means and radiation absorber means for receiving concentrated solar energy from said concentrator means; a. said solar concentrator means comprising a plurality of generally parallelly disposed elongated reflector elements each element having a reflective surface and including means for controllably positioning each of said reflective surfaces in solar viewing and absorber reflecting disposition for accommodation of diurnal solar motion; b. said radiation absorber means including an elongated generally cylindrical fluid transfer duct having a cylindrical axis extending generally parallel to the elongated axis of each of said reflective surfaces, the peripheral surface of said duct having an arcuate portion defining an energy absorptive zone and an arcuate portion defining a thermally insulative zone, with said energy absorptive zone being disposed in generally opposed relationship to said reflective surface; c. said reflector elements including rigid frame means for providing self-supporting mounting of said reflective surfaces at opposed ends thereof free of torsional and flexural deflection. 20. The solar heat concentrator means as defined in claim 19 being particularly characterized in that said rigid frame means includes an elongated support having a closed cross-section. 