An infrared solar energy collector is disclosed. The collector comprises a heat absorber which in a first embodiment is a tube through which a heat transfer fluid is circulated. The heat absorber is disposed within a larger glass tube. In a modified embodiment, the heat absorber is in the form of a heat pipe which conducts heat to a heat transfer fluid circulated through a manifold. A wick carrying a volatile fluid may also surround the heat pipe. Absorbed heat evaporates the fluid which is in turn condensed on the cooler manifold. Either the entire interior of the glass tube surrounding the heat absorber is under reduced pressure, or an annular region between the surrounding glass tube and a second, larger diameter surrounding glass tube is under reduced pressure. An energy director such as a reflector within the enclosing glass tube directs solar energy on the heat absorber. The relative positions between the energy director and the heat absorber are changed progressively during the course of each day to enable the maximum utilization of solar energy.
Claims What I claim is: 1. An improved solar energy collector for transferring solar energy from the sun to a fluid comprising, in combination, a solar energy heat absorber including tube means through which the fluid is circulated for transferring solar energy to the fluid, reflector means for directing solar energy from the sun to said heat absorber, said reflector means having a ferromagnetic portion, vacuum insulating means separating said heat absorber and said reflector means from the atmosphere for preventing conduction and convection heat losses from said collector and said reflector means, means mounting said reflector means within said vacuum insulating means for rotation about an axis along which said tube generally extends, and means for automatically positioning said reflector means for directing a maximum amount of solar energy to said heat absorber as the sun advances across the sky each day including means for rotating said reflector about such axis as the sun moves across the sky including means exterior to said vacuum insulating means for producing a magnetic field which attracts the ferromagnetic portion of said reflector and means for rotating such magnetic field producing means about said axis for in turn rotating said reflector about said axis for reflecting a maximum amount of solar energy from the sun to said tube means. 2. An improved solar energy collector, as set forth in claim 1, wherein said magnetic field producing means includes a permanent magnet. 3. An improved solar energy collector, as set forth in claim 1, wherein said magnetic field producing means includes an electromagnet. 