An apparatus and method for separating hydrogen and oxygen from water molecules. A solar reflecting means reflects solar energy onto a water containing tank to boil water contained therein and form steam. The steam is transferred either to a turbine-generator assembly for producing power, or to a dissociating means for producing hydrogen and oxygen. The steam in the dissociating means is forced to traverse a spiral path wherein it undergoes a circular motion to subject it to centrifugal force while contacting a heat transfer surface. Solar energy is concentrated on the heat transfer surface and heat in amounts sufficient to raise the temperature of the steam to the dissociation temperature thereof is transferred thereto. Hydrogen and oxygen are separated from each other by the centrifugal forces, and are withdrawn from the dissociating means. An electric starter and means for moving solar reflecting means are also disclosed.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for separating hydrogen and oxygen from water comprising: a housing exposed to incident solar energy and having defined therein a chamber for storing water; means for conducting water into said chamber; a solar energy reflecting means for reflecting solar energy toward said housing; first heat transfer means located on said housing to receive said incident solar energy and be heated thereby to form a first source of heat energy, said first heat transfer means being connected to said chamber in a manner such that said heat energy from said first source is transferred to water in said chamber in amounts sufficient to boil same to produce steam; solar energy reflecting means connected to said first heat transfer means for reflecting part of said incident solar energy to form reflected solar energy; separating means connected to said housing and connected to said chamber to receive steam therefrom, said separating means having second heat transfer means positioned thereon to receive said incident and said reflected solar energy and be heated thereby to form a second source of heat energy, said second heat transfer means being connected to said separating means and transferring heat from said second source of heat energy to said steam in amounts sufficient to separate said steam into hydrogen and oxygen components; said separating means including a case connected to said housing having means therein for defining an arcuate path over which said hydrogen and oxygen components pass for creating rotational movement of said hydrogen and oxygen components to separate same by centrifugal forces generated thereon by said rotational movement and removal means on said housing for removing said separated hydrogen and oxygen components from said separating means. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said solar energy reflecting means includes a movable solar reflector mirror and moving means connected to said solar reflector mirror for moving said solar reflector mirror so that it will be exposed to radiant energy during substantially all daylight hours. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said removal means includes hydrogen removing means located on said housing to receive said hydrogen and oxygen removing means located on said housing to receive said oxygen. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 further including start-up means having an electrical energy discharge means located on said separating means to discharge energy into said steam in amounts sufficient to separate hydrogen and oxygen from each other, an electrical energy source connected to said discharge means, and means for controlling said start-up means for actuating same to start said electrical energy discharge at predetermined times and to stop same when heat energy in sufficient amounts to separate oxygen and hydrogen from each other is transferred to said steam by said second source of heat energy. 5. The apparatus of claim 2 further including a movable carriage supporting said solar energy reflecting means and wherein said housing is connected to said solar energy reflecting means. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 further including means for moving said carriage. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 further including a turbine-generator set mounted on said carriage and connected to said chamber to receive steam therefrom to drive said turbine. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said arcuate path is spiral. 9. An apparatus for separting hydrogen and oxygen from water, comprising: a solar reflector having a central axis; mounting means for mounting said solar reflector including moving means for moving said solar reflector in two planes, including rotating means on said mounting means for rotating said solar reflector in one plane, and moving means mounted on said mounting means for moving said solar reflector in a second plane so that said solar reflector will reflect solar energy; dissociating means for dissociating hydrogen and oxygen from water, said dissociating means being mounted on said solar reflector in a location to receive solar energy reflected thereby, and including a solar energy reflecting means positioned to receive solar energy reflected by said solar reflector and reflecting part of that solar energy onto said dissociating means, evaporating means for concentrating said reflected solar energy onto water located therein to boil said water to form steam, and dissociating means for concentrating solar energy onto said steam until the temperature of said steam corresponds to the dissociation temperature of said steam thereby dissociating hydrogen and oxygen from said steam; means for conducting water into said evaporating means; means on said evaporating means for conducting steam into said dissociating means; means for separating said hydrogen and oxygen from each other which includes means for defining a spiral path over which said hydrogen and oxygen flow in a manner which creates centrifugal forces to separate said components from each other; and means connected to said dissociating means for withdrawing said hydrogen and oxygen therefrom. 10. A device for separating hydrogen and oxygen from water comprising: a housing; evaporator means on said housing for boiling water contained therein to form steam; means connected to said housing for transferring water into said evaporator means; first solar concentrating means for concentrating solar energy onto said evaporator means to heat said water to evaporate same; separator means on said housing for dissociating said steam to form hydrogen and oxygen said separator means having reflecting means thereon for reflecting solar energy focused thereon by said first solar concentrating means; second solar concentrating means for concentrating solar energy onto said separator means to raise the temperature of said steam to dissociate same; steam transfer means on said evaporator for transferring steam from said evaporator means to said separator means; a means on said separator means defining a spiral path over which said hydrogen and oxygen pass, said spiral path causing said hydrogen and oxygen to have rotational motions so that centrifugal forces generated thereby separate said components from each other; hydrogen transfer means on said separator means for withdrawing said hydrogen from said separator means; and oxygen transfer means on said separator means for withdrawing said oxygen from said separator means. 