A solar air heater is vertically disposed and composed of a plurality of parallel, horizontally disposed slats resembling a venetian blind. The slats are positioned with their upper faces facing the sun and at an acute angle relative to the horizontal such that the winter sun will produce multiple heat absorbing reflections between adjacent slat surfaces, whereas the summer sun will be reflected back, if desired, so as to impart little or no heat to the heater. Air is circulated through the heater between the slats, thereby becoming heated as it absorbs heat from the slats. This heated air is then sent into a structure, such as a room of a house, via air ducts or the like to heat the structure or is sent to such other areas as desired, the solar air heater being attached to or forming a part of the structure that is to receive the heat produced by its use.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar air heater comprising, in combination: a housing defining an absorber chamber, said housing having a generally vertically disposed wall transparent to solar radiant energy, a solar radiant energy absorber means being positioned in said chamber and having a spaced, stacked array of a plurality of generally horizontically and parallely disposed slats adapted to absorb said solar radiant energy, said stack of slats being generally vertical one above the other, each of said slats having a highly reflective top surface and a highly reflective bottom surface; thereby to effect multiple reflections of said solar radiant energy between adjoining slats in a back and forth manner, each reflection transferring additional solar radiant energy in the form of heat and light to a respective adjacent slat, and circulating means for passing air through said chamber in contact with said slats, thereby to be heated by said slats. 2. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said slats are polished aluminum. 3. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said slats are inclined away from said wall along their width dimension relative to the horizontal. 4. An apparatus according to claim 3 wherein the angle of inclination of said slats is approximately 30.degree.. 5. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein each of said slats define a curve across their width dimension. 6. An apparatus according to claim 5 wherein said slats have a width dimension that exceeds the spacing between slats. 7. An apparatus according to claim 3 wherein said slats are inclined away from said wall along their width dimension relative to the horizontal. 8. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said slats have a bend along their longitudinal axis which defines the slat by two different planes. 9. An apparatus according to claim 5 wherein said slats have a bend along their longitudinal axis which defines the slat by two different planes. 10. An apparatus according to claim 9 wherein at least the portion of said slats exposed to said solar radiant energy is inclined relative to the horizontal. 11. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said slats are adjustably mounted to be inclined along their width dimension relative to said horizontal in varying degrees. 12. An apparatus according to claim 5 wherein said slats are adjustably mounted to be inclined along their width dimension relative to said horizontal in varying degrees. 13. An apparatus according to claim 8 wherein said slats are adjustably mounted to be inclined along their width dimension relative to said horizontal in varying degrees. 14. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said circulating means directs said air longitudinally of said slats. 15. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said circulating means directs said air transversely of said slats. 16. An apparatus according to claim 14 wherein said stacked array is disposed aparallel of said wall with the upper portion of said array closer to said wall than the bottom portion of said array. 17. An apparatus according to claim 5 wherein said circulating means directs said air transversely of said slats. 18. An apparatus according to claim 8 wherein said circulating means directs said air transversely of said slats. 19. An apparatus in accordance with claim 1 in combination with a structure which is to receive the resultant heated air in which said combination the said heater and said structure have a common wall. 20. A solar air heater comprising, in combination: a housing defining an absorber chamber, said housing having a generally vertically disposed wall transparent to solar radiant energy, a plurality of slats parallel to each other in an assembly that lies in a plane generally parallel to said wall, said slats being adapted to be heated by solar radiant energy and said slats being generally vertical one above the other, each of said slats having a highly reflective top surface and a highly reflective bottom surface thereby to effect multiple reflections of said solar radiant energy in a back and forth manner between adjacent slats, each reflection transferring additional radiant energy in the form of heat and light to a respective adjacent slat, and circulating means for passing air across said slats, thereby to be heated by said slats. 21. An apparatus according to claim 20 wherein each of said slats are supported at their ends at two points, and means to vary the support positions thereby to incline said slats relative to said radiant energy. 22. An apparatus in accordance with claim 20 in combination with a structure which is to receive the resultant heated air. 23. An apparatus in accordance with claim 20, in combination with a structure which is to receive the resultant heated air, the said structure and the said solar air heater having a common wall. 24. A method of absorbing and utilizing solar radiant energy using slats adapted to absorb said energy comprising: spacing said slats in a stacked, generally vertically disposed array, parallelly positioning said slats in said array such that at least a portion of the top reflective face of each slat is exposed to said energy, and at least a portion of said exposed portion is transverse to the direction of said energy, said positioning being such that the sun's striking exposed proportions of slats produces multiple relfections in a back and forth manner between adjoining slats, each reflection transferring additional solar radiant energy in the form of heat and light to adjacent slats, the bottom surfaces of said slats which are reflective, and passing air across said slats, thereby to heat said air. 25. A method according to claim 24 which includes the step of positioning said exposed portion of said slats such that the angle of incidence of said energy thereon is less than 90.degree.. 26. A method according to claim 25 wherein the said positioning is effected so that said exposed portion of said slats defines an acute angle of less than 45.degree. with the horizontal. 27. A method according to claim 24 wherein the said positioning of said slats is effected so that said slats are positioned generally horizontally. 28. A method according to claim 27 wherein the step of positioning said exposed portion to said slats such that the angle of incidence of said energy thereon is less than 90.degree.. 29. A method according to claim 28 wherein said positioning of said slats is effected so that said slats define a constant curve across their width dimension. 30. A method in accordance with claim 24 which includes the step of mounting the said slats on a wall of a structure which is to receive the resultant heated air. 