A solar heat boiler apparatus has a base frame, a turning body rotatably mounted on the base frame for turning movement about a horizontal axis, a reflector mounting frame rotatably mounted on the turning body for rotation around an axis perpendicular to the horizontal axis, and turning mechanisms coupled to the turning body and the reflector mounting frame for turning the turning body and the reflector mounting frame to direct the reflector mounting frame toward the sun. A plurality of curved mirrors are mounted side by side on the reflector frame in a concave spherical arrangement to form a reflector unit, each curved mirror having, in plan view, the shape of a sector of an annulus and in longitudinal section the shape of a part of a circle. The mirrors in the arrangement are positioned with the sector shapes on circular lines concentric with the optical axis of the concave spherical arrangement and to reflect rays incident on the reflector unit parallel to the optical axis of the concave spherical arrangement to a focal position on the optical axis. A boiler unit is positioned at the focal position to receive the reflected rays.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar heat boiler apparatus comprising a base frame, a turning body rotatably mounted on said base frame for turning movement about a horizontal axis, a reflector mounting frame rotatably mounted on said turning body for rotation around an axis perpendicular to said horizontal axis, turning mechanisms coupled to said turning body and said reflector mounting frame for turning said turning body and said reflector mounting frame to direct the reflector mounting frame toward the sun, a plurality of curved mirrors mounted side by side on said reflector frame in a concave spherical arrangement to form a reflector unit, each curved mirror having the shape of a small area on the surface of a large cylinder, the mirrors in the arrangement being positioned on circular lines concentric with the optical axis of the concave spherical arrangement and to reflect rays incident on the reflector unit parallel to the optical axis of the concave spherical arrangement to a focal position on said optical axis, and a boiler unit at said focal position to receive the reflected rays. 2. A solar heat boiler as claimed in claim 1 in which said mirrors are positioned in said arrangement so that the optical axial planes of said mirrors are oriented to the optical axis of the concave spherical arrangement, whereby the incident rays reflected from said mirrors are focused on a conical surface at said focal position. 3. A solar heat boiler as claimed in claim 1 in which said boiler unit comprises a heating wall at the focal position to receive the reflected rays from the reflector unit, nozzle means for forcing a stream of liquid to be heated against the surface of said heating wall on the opposite side thereof from the side toward the reflector unit so that said stream will form a film of liquid over said surface, and a liquid collector means around the periphery of the heating wall for collecting the liquid which is caused to flow over the wall from the nozzle means. 4. A solar heat boiler as claimed in claim 3 in which said heating wall is a generally inverted conical shape wall having the outer conical surface facing toward the reflector unit and the nozzle means is a nozzle directed toward the internal apex of said wall. 5. A solar heat boiler as claimed in claim 3 in which said heating wall is an inverted hemispherical wall with the concave surface facing said reflector unit, and said nozzle means is a plurality of nozzles directed at various points on the convex surface of said wall. 