The present invention includes a solar energy collector for concentrating the sun's rays on a conduit having a fluid flowing therethrough. A primary reflector is oriented in a north-south direction. The sun's rays are reflected from the primary reflector to a smaller secondary reflector located thereabove, which further reflects the sun's rays onto a conduit recessed below the primary reflector. The concentrated sun's rays on the conduit heats the conduit. The heated conduit further heats a fluid flowing through the conduit. The heated fluid is used to generate energy, directly or indirectly. An automatic control device, including a light sensor, continually adjusts the primary and secondary reflectors to insure that the sun's rays are striking the primary reflector at the proper angle. Adjustments of the primary and secondary reflectors are made by pivotal movement about the conduit which does not move.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar energy system for collecting the sun's rays, said system comprising: an elongated primary reflector with an upper concave reflective surface and an elongated secondary reflector with a lower concave reflective surface, said elongated primary reflector reflecting and concentrating said sun's rays on said elongated secondary reflector attached to and carried above said primary reflector, said secondary reflector being smaller than and parallel to said primary reflector; stationary conduit means located below and parallel to an opening in a bottom of said primary reflector, said conduit means receiving said sun's rays further reflected and concentrated by said secondary reflector; means for pivotally adjusting said primary and secondary reflectors about said stationary conduit means for continually concentrating said sun's rays thereon; means for pumping a fluid through said conduit means to heat said fluid by said sun's rays, said conduit means being at an incline; means for converting heat from said fluid to usable energy. 2. The solar energy system, as given in claim 1, wherein said liquid is sodium. 3. The solar energy system, as given in claim 2, where a source of inert gas is connected to said conduit means to allow for loss of said sodium. 4. The solar energy system, as given in claim 1, wherein said means for converting includes a heat sink for converting water to steam to drive a steam powered energy generating device. 5. The solar energy system, as given in claim 1, wherein said pivotally adjusting means includes: light sensing means for generating a control signal; adjustable device pivotally connected between said primary reflector and a stationary base; parallelogram structure being pivotally together, said parallelogram structure being also pivotally connected between said stationary base and said primary reflector; said control signal operating said adjustable device to pivot said primary and secondary reflectors via said pivotal parallelograms structure to receive said sun's rays at a proper angle. 6. The solar energy system, as given in claim 5, comprising: an elongated opening along a bottom of said primary reflector, said conduit means being located below said elongated opening; insulation means extending below said opening and around said conduit means; door means connected to said primary reflector for closing said opening upon loss of said sun's rays thereby maintaining heat in said conduit means and fluid contained therein. 7. A solar energy collector apparatus for concentrating rays from the sun to heat a fluid flowing therethrough, said apparatus comprising: a primary reflector having an elongated concave upper reflective surface for receiving rays from the sun; a secondary reflector having an elongated concave lower reflective surface for receiving rays from the sun reflected from said upper reflective surface of said primary reflector, said reflected rays being concentrated on said lower reflective surface of said secondary reflector, said lower reflective surface having a substantially reduced reflective area from said upper reflective surface of said primary reflector; means for mounting said secondary reflector above said primary reflector with elongated axis of both reflector surfaces being parallel; conduit means stationarily mounted parallel to the elongated axis of said primary reflector, said conduit means receiving the sun's rays further concentrated and reflected by said lower reflective surface of said secondary reflector; means for pivoting said primary reflector and said secondary reflector about said conduit means; control means for sensing the rays of the sun and adjusting said pivoting means accordingly for the sun's rays to be reflected onto said conduit means as the sun's rays change direction. 8. The solar energy collector apparatus, as given in claim 7, wherein said pivoting means includes structure means pivotally attached to said primary reflector, said structure means also bieng pivotally connected to a base support, extendable control device being pivotally connected between said base support and said primary reflector to pivot said primary and secondary reflectors in response to said control means. 9. The solar energy collector apparatus, as given in claim 8, wherein said control means includes a light sensing device which generates a control signal used for adjusting said primary and secondary reflectors via said extendable control device. 10. The solar energy collector apparatus, as given in claim 9, wherein said extendable control device is a hydraulic cylinder. 11. The solar energy collector apparatus, as given in claim 7, wherein said conduit means is located below an elongated opening in the bottom of said primary reflector. 12. The solar energy collector apparatus, as given in claim 11, comprising insulation means extending below said elongated opening and around said conduit means to prevent loss of heat from said conduit means, door means pivotally connected to said primary reflector means for closing said elongated opening. 13. The solar energy collector apparatus, as given in claim 12, comprising door control means for opening and closing said door means, said door control means being carried by said primary reflector means. 14. The solar energy collector apparatus, as given in claim 7, wherein said elongated axis of said primary and secondary reflectors are oriented in a generally north to south direction, said conduit means being on a slight incline so that said fluid must be forced therethrough. 