A flashlight assembly including a flashlight bulb and an accessory device, such as a two-way wireless radio, operated by the same rechargeable battery. Recharging circuitry provides for sure, ready recharging of the battery, and low-current drain flashing circuitry provides for long flashing life for a given battery charge. All of the components are mounted in a casing, the casing having a handle affixed thereto for facilitating ready manipulation and utilization of the flashlight bulb and accessory device.
Claims WHAT IS CLAIMED IS: 1. A flashlight assembly comprising a. a flashlight bulb, b. a rechargeable battery for energizing said bulb, c. circuitry for providing recharging of said battery, including a charger input, a current limiting resistor, and a light emitting diode for indicating when recharging is taking place, d. circuitry means for selectively flashing said flashlight bulb or permitting continuous operation thereof, said circuitry means including an internal light source, a photocell for receiving light from said internal light source, and a first switch for selectively operatively connecting said internal light source to said battery to thereby provide flashing of said flashlight bulb, or to disconnect said internal light source from said battery whereby no flashing of said flashlight bulb occurs, e. an accessory device powered by said battery, f. a second switch for selectively operatively connecting said accessory device to said battery, g. a casing operatively mounting and containing elements (a)-(f) above, and h. a handle affixed to said casing for facilitating ready manipulation and utilization of said flashlight bulb and said accessory device. 2. A flashlight assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said circuitry means further comprises a coil and a capacitor disposed in parallel with each other and in series with said photocell, a moveable contact moveable in response to energization of said coil, first and second stationary contacts positioned adjacent said moveable contact, said first stationary contact being operatively connected through said first switch to either said internal light source or said flashlight bulb, and said second stationary contact being operatively connected to said flashlight bulb, and means for normally biasing said moveable contact into engagement with said first contact. 3. A flashlight assembly as recited in claim 2 further comprising a second accessory device powered by said battery, and a third switch for selectively operatively connecting said second accessory device to said battery. 4. A flashlight assembly as recited in claim 3 wherein said second accessory device comprises a battery-operated cigarette lighter. 5. A flashlight assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said accessory device comprises a wireless transmitting and receiving device including a push-to-talk switch, and wherein said flashlight bulb is mounted on the front of said casing, said handle is mounted on the top of said casing, and speaker-microphone for said wireless transmitting and receiving device is mounted on a side of said casing. 6. A flashlight assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said accessory device comprises a sound emitting means for emitting audio signals at frequencies which repel mosquitoes. 7. A flashlight assembly as recited in claim 6 further comprising an amplifier circuit, including a gate amplifier, operatively connected to said sound emitting means. 8. A flashlight assembly as recited in claim 1 further comprising a terminal jack for connection to an input of said recharging circuitry, and an automobile cigarette lighter adapted operatively connected to said terminal jack. 9. A flashlight assembly as recited in claim 1 further comprising a terminal jack for connection to an input of said recharging circuitry, and solar cell operatively connected to said terminal jack. 10. A flashlight assembly as recited in claim 1 further comprising a terminal jack for connection to an input of said recharging circuitry, and an A.C. adapter and a plug operatively connected to said terminal jack. 11. A flashlight assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said flashlight bulb is mounted on the front of said casing, said handle is mounted on top of said casing, said recharging circuitry includes a charger input and a light emitting diode for indicating when charge is taken place mounted on the back of said casing, and said first and second switches are mounted on top of said casing disposed on either side of a portion of said handle. 12. A flashlight assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said first switch is a three-position switch having "on", "off", and "flashing" positions thereof, the switch being maintained in the position to which it is moved. 13. A flashlight assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said accessory device includes an a.m. and/or f.m. radio. 14. A flashlight assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said accessory device comprises a battery-operated cigarette lighter. 