A tracking three-dimensional solar energy concentrator is provided by a stretched aluminized polymeric membrane supported by a hoop, the polymeric membrane being formed to a desired curvature by differential loading. The loading on the polymeric membrane determines its curvature. The loading can be varied by utilizing a plastic membrane that has a non-uniform radial distribution of thickness with uniform differential pressure or by applying a non-uniform differential pressure on a membrane having uniform thickness. Reflector membranes having a non-uniform radial distribution of thickness can be obtained by selective spraying of a dissolved plastic such as Krylon on the underside of the aluminized membrane. A non-uniform differential pressure is obtained by using a uniform differential pressure in combination with localized electrostatic or magnetic pressure. The membrane concentrator and its supporting equipment is maintained in a slightly pressurized spherical-cap envelope of transparent plastic to protect the concentrator from the elements.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A three-dimensional tracking solar energy concentrator, comprising: a support member in the form of a circular dish; a flexible aluminized polymeric or elastomeric membrane fastened to said dish along its circular edge, forming a sealed interior; means for creating a differential pressure in the sealed interior formed by said support member and said flexible membrane; and means adjacent to and out of contact with said flexible membrane as shaped by the differential pressure created in the sealed interior for exerting localized filed forces at selected locations on said membrane, thereby modifying the curvature of the shaped membrane. 2. The solar energy concentrator of claim 1 wherein said means for modifying the curvature of said flexible membrane comprises a plurality of electrets adjacent but not touching selected locations on the shaped membrane. 3. The solar energy concentrator of claim 1 wherein areas of magnetic iron oxide on the underside of said flexible membrane in the formed interior; and said means for modifying the curvature of said flexible membrance comprises a plurality of permanent magnets mounted inside the formed interior adjacent but not touching said areas of magnetic iron oxide on said flexible membrane. 4. The solar energy concentrator of claim 1 wherein areas of magnetic iron oxide on the face of said flexible membrane; and said means for modifying the curvature of said flexible membrance comprises a plurality of permanent magnets mounted inside the formed interior adjacent but not touching said areas of magnetic iron oxide on said flexible membrane. 5. The solar energy concentrator of claim 2 further comprising: a transparent film dome, typically encompassing the concentrator mechanism, said dome being slightly pressurized and anchored to the ground. 6. The solar energy concentrator of claim 5 wherein said means for modifying the curvature of said formed flexible membrane comprises a plurality of electrets adjacent but not touching selected locations on the shaped film. 7. A method for making a low cost three-dimensional tracking solar energy concentrator, comprising: mounting a flexible aluminized polymeric or other membrane on a circular dish support member; applying a differential pressure on the side of said polymeric membrane next to the support member to shape it; and placing electrets adjacent to but not touching selected locations on the membrane to modify the curvature of the polymeric membrane. 8. A method for making a low cost three-dimensional solar energy concentrator, comprising: painting selected areas of a flexible aluminized polymeric membrane with a magnetic iron oxide paint, on the side opposite the aluminized side; mounting the polymeric membrane on a circular dish support member; applying a differential pressure on one side of said polymeric membrane to shape it; and placing permanent magnets adjacent but not touching the areas of magnetic iron oxide on said membrane to modify the curvature of the polymeric membrane. 9. A method for making a low cost three-dimensional solar energy concentrator, comprising: painting selected areas of a flexible polymeric membrane with a magnetic iron oxide; coating the side of the polymeric membrane having the iron oxide therein with a thin layer of aluminum; mounting the polymeric membrane on a circular dish support member; applying a differential pressure on one side of said polymeric membrane to shape it; and placing permanent magnets adjacent but not touching the areas of magnetic iron oxide on said membrane to modify the curvature of the polymeric membrane. 