A panel for mounting solar energy cells, and particularly those cells upon which light is to be concentrated, includes an enclosure for holding the cells and has at least one wall formed from a good conductor of heat. The cells are mounted within the enclosure on a resinous cushion that is a relatively good conductor of heat and a poor conductor of electricity, so that when heat is generated by impingement of light on the cells, it will be carried by the cushion to the enclosure wall and dissipated therefrom.
Claims I claim: 1. A panel for mounting solar energy cells for exposure to light in a terrestrial environment while mitigating impairment of cell efficiency due to excessive heat generated by the light, comprising a. a housing for retaining the cells, said housing comprising side and end walls and a wall intersecting said side and end walls and forming an upwardly open recessed top to said housing, said intersecting wall being formed from a good conductor of heat, b. a sheet of resilient resinous cushion material that is thermally conductive but has electrically insulating properties, said sheet overlaying said intersecting wall and being in heat-transfer position therewith, and having an outwardly facing surface, and c. a plurality of solar energy cells, each of which has a top surface adapted to absorb light impinging thereon and a bottom surface, said cells being secured to said outwardly facing surface of said cushion at their bottom surfaces and, as so secured, being in a position whereby light impinging on the junctions of said cells will generate a flow of electricity that will not be dissipated by said cushion, but heat generated by said light will be carried by said cushion from the immediate vicinity of said cells and transferred to said heat-conductive intersecting wall. 2. A panel as claimed in claim 1, in which said cushion is composed of an epoxy resin having aluminum powder distributed substantially uniformly throughout the cushion. 3. A panel as claimed in claim 2, in which said epoxy resin is stable at 200.degree. C and said aluminum powder has a coating of aluminum oxide. 4. A panel as claimed in claim 1, in which said panel further includes a sheet of transparent material secured within said housing and overlying said cells and said outwardly facing surface of said cushion, and protecting said cells from environmental conditions. 5. A panel as claimed in claim 4, in which said sheet is formed from silicone rubber and said cells and said cushion are adhered to said sheet. 6. A panel is claimed in claim 1, further including means for passing a fluid against said intersecting wall so that heat transferred to said intersecting wall is thereafter transferred to said fluid. 7. A panel as claimed in claim 6, in which said means for passing a fluid is part of said housing, said means forming a conduit through which said fluid may be conducted and passed in heat-transfer relationship against said intersecting wall. 8. A panel as claimed in claim 7, in which said means for passing a fluid comprises a bottom wall substantially parallel to said intersecting wall and likewise joined to said housing side and end walls and forming said conduit therewith, and inlet and outlet ducts formed in said side or end walls for transporting said fluid into and out of heat transfer relationship with said intersecting wall. 9. A panel as claimed in claim 8, in which said fluid passing means includes water. 10. A panel as claimed in claim 8, in which said fluid passing means includes air. 