An apparatus for collecting radiant solar energy to provide solar heating which may be used singly or in multiples as modular units. The apparatus is constructed as a self-contained unit having an insulated base, an energy receiving surface positioned adjacent the insulated base, and a heat exchange fluid conduit for circulating a heat exchange fluid in contact with the energy receiving surface. Other conduits are provided to introduce a heat exchange fluid and to receive or collect the fluid after it has been in contact with the energy receiving surface. The top or cover of the collector module is positioned in spaced relationship adjacent the energy receiving surface. The cover is transparent to solar energy and is provided with a plurality of spaced raised structures having surfaces angularly disposed to transmit radiant solar energy to the energy receiving surface. Side walls provide a self-contained unit and permit mounting of the unit on a surface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy heat collector comprising an insulated base, a solar energy receiving means positioned adjacent said insulated base for absorbing radiant energy and converting said radiant energy to heat energy, means for circulating a heat exchange fluid in contact with said energy receiving means, means for introducing a heat exchange fluid to said circulating means, means for collecting said heat exchange fluid after contact with said energy receiving means and a cover means transparent to radiant solar energy positioned in spaced relationship to said energy receiving means, said cover means comprising a surface having a plurality of discrete spaced raised portions, each said spaced raised portions having at least three surfaces angularly disposed to said cover surface to transmit radiant solar energy to said energy receiving means. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the energy receiving means comprises an integral structure having a top surface and side surfaces, insulation means disposed within said top and side surfaces, said top surface comprising the energy receiving surface, said energy receiving surface having a plurality of channels extending from one end of said top surface to the opposite end to control the flow of said heat exchange fluid over said top surface and provide for exchange of heat from said energy receiving surface to said heat exchange fluid, and means for mounting said collector. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein mounting means comprises channel means disposed along opposing side surface means and other means for attaching to a support, said other means having an elongated configuration to slidably receive said channel means. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said energy receiving means comprises a sheet of heat conducting material having an upper surface for converting radiant energy to heat energy. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said means for circulating a heat exchange fluid comprises a heat conducting conduit positioned in heat exchange relationship with said energy receiving means through which a heat exchange fluid is circulated. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said solar energy receiving means and said means for circulating a heat exchange fluid in contact with said energy receiving means comprises a heat conducting conduit having an outer energy receiving surface and defining a continuous closed passage for circulating a heat exchange fluid. 7. A solar energy heat collector comprising an insulated base, a solar energy receiving means positioned adjacent said insulated base for absorbing radiant energy and converting said radiant energy to heat energy, means for circulating a heat exchange fluid in contact with said energy receiving means, means for introducing a heat exchange fluid to said circulating means, means for collecting said heat exchange fluid after contact with said energy receiving means and a cover means transparent to radiant solar energy positioned in spaced relationship to said energy receiving means, said cover means having a plurality of spaced raised modular units, each of said modular units having radiant energy transparent means and reflective means, said transparent means being angularly disposed to said cover means to transmit radiant solar energy to said energy receiving means, said reflective means being angularly disposed to said cover means and the transparent means of an adjacent modular unit whereby radiant solar energy is reflected to the transparent means of said adjacent modular unit for transmission to said energy receiving means. 