A solar-heat collector comprises a sheetmetal shallow box open on one side and receiving an absorber provided with passages traversed by a heat-transfer fluid. The absorber is provided with means for feeding the fluid to the passage and withdrawing the fluid therefrom for use. The feeding conduit means is in heat-transfer contact with the sheetmetal of the box so that an indirect exchanging relationship between the box and the fluid, as a preliminary heat exchanger, is established. A covering of a translucent material closes the open side of the box above the absorber.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar-heat collector for converting solar radiation into usable heat by warming a heat-transfer fluid, said solar-heat collector comprising: a heat-confining enclosure in the form of a thermally conductive sheet-metal case open on one side and having an edge region surrounding said opening and a rear wall; a flat heat conductive absorber formed with passages traversed by said fluid and disposed in said case parallel to the open side thereof and to the rear wall thereof, said passages being spaced from said case; first conduit means communicating with said passages and delivering said fluid in a relatively cold state to said passages of said absorber, said first conduit means being disposed in heat conducting relationship with said edge region of said case for maintaining same at a temperature level corresponding to that of said cold fluid; second conduit means for leading warm fluid from said passages; a translucent covering for said open side of said case overlying said absorber; and a layer of thermal insulation lying along said rear wall, said first conduit means extending along a plurality of the lateral edges of the absorber and being in contact with said case along said edges. 2. The solar-heat collector defined in claim 1 wherein said absorber has a flat forward face turned toward said covering and a shaped rear face defining said passages for said fluid. 3. The solar-heat collector defined in claim 2 wherein said passages extend from bottom to top and are provided at their lower ends with a common inlet communicating with said first conduit means and their upper ends with a common outlet communicating with said second conduit means. 4. The solar-heat collector defined in claim 2 wherein said passages extend in at least one spiral configuration having an inlet at an outermost convolution communicating with said first conduit means and an outlet at an innermost convolution communicating with said second conduit means. 5. The solar-heat collector defined in claim 1, further comprising means for mounting said covering on said first conduit means. 6. The solar-heat collector defined in claim 5 wherein said covering comprises at least one glass pane. 7. The solar-heat collector defined in claim 5 wherein said covering comprises at least one synthetic-resin plate. 8. The solar-heat collector defined in claim 5 wherein said covering comprises at least one synthetic-resin sheet. 9. The solar-heat collector defined in claim 1 wherein said absorber has a flat blackened face turned toward said covering and a heat-reflective face turned away therefrom. 10. The solar-heat collector defined in claim 1 wherein said absorber has a face turned away from said covering with a surface area exceeding by up to 20% the surface area of the face of the absorber turned toward said covering. 11. The solar-heat collector defined in claim 1 wherein said absorber has a cold side and a warm side, said cold side being in contact with the sheetmetal of said case. 12. The solar-heat collector defined in claim 12 wherein said case supports the other parts of the solar-heat collector. 13. The solar-heat collector defined in claim 1 wherein said layer of thermal insulation is an insulating synthetic-resin material disposed along the exterior of said case. 