The specification discloses a Solar Power Plant which utilizes a sun-tracking parabolic collector and a plurality of energy storage and conversion devices, all of which are operated under the control of a novel energy management system. Allocation of energy to a particular storage component or to useful output is dependent upon the state of the system as well as the nature of the demand. Outputted energy may also be recaptured and reallocated to minimize losses. Efficiency at the component level is enhanced by the utilization of novel heat exchangers which effectuate complete conversion of the operating liquid to superheated gas.
Claims We claim: 1. A reflecting solar concentrating collector; converter means for converting an injected liquid into a superheated vapor, said converter means to be positioned at a point so as to receive the reflected solar energy collected by said reflecting solar concentrating collector; prime mover means operatively coupled to the output of said converter means for converting the energy in the superheated vapor to mechanical energy; electrical generator means operatively coupled to the output of said prime mover means for converting the mechanical energy developed by said prime mover means to electrical energy; compressed gas storage means for storing energy in the form of a high pressure gas; valve means for connecting said compressed gas storage means to said prime mover means; means for connecting a consumer load to said electrical generating means; means for sensing the output of vapor energy generated by said converter means; means for sensing the amount of electrical power demanded by a consumer load; compressor means operatively connected to said compressed gas storage means for compressing gas for storage in said compressed gas storage means; energy management means operatively connected to monitor said means for sensing the consumer load and said means for sensing the vapor energy, for generating a command to operate said compressor means when the vapor energy exceeds the consumer load by a predetermined amount and for generating a command to open said valve means so as to operate said prime mover means from said compressed gas storage means when the consumer load exceeds energy available from the solar generated vapor; controller means operatively connected to said compressor means and to the output of said electrical generator means for supplying electrical energy developed by said generator means, as a result of excess vapor energy, to said compressor means whereby the excess vapor energy may be stored in the form of compressed gas. 2. The apparatus recited in claim 1 wherein said prime mover means comprises a turbine. 3. The apparatus recited in claim 1 wherein said prime mover means comprises a reciprocating piston engine having at least one cylindrical head chamber comprising a flash vaporizing converter. 4. The apparatus recited in claim 1 wherein is included: a hot well; means for venting excess vapor energy to said hot well so as to raise the temperature of said hot well above the ambient temperature. 5. The apparatus recited in claim 4 including: heat exchanger means operatively coupled to said hot well for raising the temperature of the compressed gas used to operate said prime mover means. 6. The apparatus recited in claim 1 wherein said converter means comprises: a housing having an inlet opening and an outlet opening, "p1 a fluid injection nozzle mounted within the inlet opening, a vaporizing inner surface located with respect to said nozzle so as to intercept fluid injected by said injection nozzle; a heat conducting wall having one surface adjacent to, and in tangential contact with a surface of said vaporizing surface; an entrapment collector formed by one surface of said heat conducting wall and by a second surface having an opening positioned approximately at the focal point of said concentrating collector. 