A system for converting solar energy into electric energy at reduced cost makes use of an array of light sensitive, voltage producing solar cells of the flat disc silicon type. To increase power, while using fewer costly cells, each cell of the array has a truncated conical shell mounted on legs at a spaced distance thereover, the shell having a mirror-like reflective inner surface. Thus, sunlight is received in the large end and reflected through the small end to the cell. A sealed, weather-tight enclosure for the array, has fluid inlets and outlets for producing heat, the heat conductive shells absorbing and radiating heat.
Claims I claim: 1. A power pack unit for converting solar energy into electric energy, said pack comprising: a substantially sealed, weather tight enclosure having a planar bottom of rigid material, upstanding side walls and a top of transparent material; a plurality of light sensitive, voltage producing solar cells arranged in spaced array on said bottom, each cell being of predetermined area; a plurality of truncated conical reflectors arranged in spaced array in said enclosure, between said cells and said top for collecting sunlight and heat from a larger total area than the total area of said cells and reflecting said light into said cells and means mounting each said truncated conical reflector with its small end at a predetermined spaced distance above said bottom and its large end at a spaced distance below said top to permit circulation of air within and around said enclosure. 2. A power pack unit as specified in claim 1 wherein: each said reflector is of heat conductive aluminum with its truncated conical side wall inclined at about seventy five degrees from the plane of said planar bottom of said enclosure and having an inner, mirror-like reflective surface. 3. A power pack unit as specified in claim 1 wherein: said means for mounting said reflectors comprises leg means supporting the small end thereof, and affixed to said planar bottom, to position said shell at said predetermined height thereabove for circulation of air therearound. 4. A power pack unit as specified in claim 1 wherein: said truncated conical reflectors are of heat conductive material, each having a mirror-like inner surface reflecting light received in the large end thereof, into said solar cell mounted below the small end thereof and; said enclosure includes a cold air inlet, a hot air outlet and a liquid conduit connecting a liquid inlet to a liquid outlet, whereby said enclosure and said shells are heated by the sun to deliver heated air from said air outlet and heated liquid from said liquid outlet while said cells generate electricity. 5. A power pack unit as specified in claim 1 wherein: said truncated conical reflectors are of heat conductive material, each having a mirror-like inner surface reflecting light received in the large end thereof into one of said solar cells at the small end thereof; said enclosure includes a cold water supply conduit, extending from outside said enclosure in a circuitous path alongside the outer peripheries of said cells and thence back outside said enclosure; whereby said conduit picks up heat in said enclosure, and from said shells, to deliver heated water from said enclosure while said cells generate electricity. 6. A power pack unit as specified in claim 1 wherein: said truncated conical reflectors are each formed of a plurality of convolutions of hollow tubing, said tubing being interconnected throughout said enclosure and having an inlet end and an outlet end outside said enclosure; whereby the inner mirror-like surface of said convoluted tube reflectors reflects light to said solar cells while fluid within said tubing becomes heated by solar radiation. 7. A power pack unit for converting solar energy into electric energy, said pack comprising: a plurality of electrically-linked, light sensitive, voltage producing solar cells arranged in spaced array on a rigid backing; a plurality of open-ended, truncated-conical light-collector shells of heat conductive sheet metal, each with its large end adapted to face the sun, the inner surface of its truncated conical side wall having a light reflective surface and its small end supported on legs at a spaced distance above said backing, to encircle a said cell; and weathertight enclosure means on said backing, enclosing said cells and shells, said means including a transparent top at a predetermined distance above the large ends of said shells for admitting sunlight thereinto, whereby air may circulate around the large ends, side walls and small ends of said shells. 8. A power pack unit as specified in claim 7 wherein said enclosure means includes fluid inlet means and fluid outlet means for heating a fluid within said enclosure. 9. A system for converting solar energy into electric energy while also producing heat, said system comprising: a building having a plurality of electric appliances and a hot air heating system and; a power pack unit, said unit including: a weathertight, insulated, enclosure associated with said building, said enclosure having a rigid planar bottom, side walls upstanding therefrom and a transparent top; said enclosure being inclined at a selected angle to the horizontal with said transparent top facing generally South; a plurality of electrically-linked, light-sensitive voltage-producing solar cells spaced on said bottom, each of predetermined area; a plurality of truncated-conical shells of heat conductive material mounted within said enclosure, each having leg means supporting its small end at a spaced distance above, and encircling one of said cells, its inner side wall having a reflective surface and its large end at a spaced distance below said transparent top and facing the sun electric circuit means including said cells, a one way diode, a weries of storage batteries and said appliances; further including liquid circulation means within said enclosure; and air heating means including a cold air inlet to said enclosure connected to the space within said building, heat conductive material forming said shells, and a hot air outlet from said enclosure connected to the hot air heating system of said building, said means including a heat storage member of fire brick interposed between said enclosure and said hot air heating system. 10. A system as specified in claim 9 wherein: said building includes a main tap water heating system and said liquid circulation means comprises a water conduit extending into said enclosure from the hot water tank of said main system, said conduit traversing said enclosure and then connecting back to said tank, there being a thermal relay valve in said liquid circulation means for controlling the same. 11. A power pack unit for converting solar energy into electric energy, said pack comprising: a substantially sealed, weather tight enclosure having a planar bottom of rigid material, upstanding side walls and a top of transparent material; a plurality of light sensitive, voltage producing solar cells arranged in spaced array on said bottom, each cell being of predetermined area; a plurality of truncated conical reflectors arranged in spaced array in said enclosure, between said cells and said top for collecting sunlight and heat from a larger total area than the total area of said cells and reflecting light into said cells, each said shell being of heat conductive material, having a mirror-like inner surface reflecting light, received in the large end thereof, through the open small end thereof into a cell mounted below said small end thereof; means mounting each said truncated conical reflector with its said small end at a predetermined spaced distance above said bottom to permit circulation of air within and around said enclosure; and said enclosure having a cold air inlet and a hot air outlet. whereby said cells generate electricity while said reflectors absorb heat from the sun to heat air within said enclosure. 