A seasonably adjustable window includes four glass sheets mounted in spaced relationship and sealed at their marginal edges to provide dead airspaces therebetween. The outer glass sheets are selectively coated to provide the window (1) with a shading coefficient of less than 0.20 in the summer position and greater than about 0.25 in the winter position and (2) with a 50 percent reflectance to low temperature radiation, e.g. in the wavelength of greater than 3 microns in the winter position. The U-value of the window is less than 0.250 BTU/hour-square foot-.degree. F.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A seasonably adjustable window, comprising: a first transparent substrate; a second transparent substrate; a third transparent substrate; a fourth transparent substrate; means for sealing said transparent substrates to provide (1) moisture-free, dead airspaces between said first and second substrates; said second and third substrates; and said third and fourth substrates; and (2) a first half including said first and second substrates and a second half including said third and fourth substrates; a first selective coating on said first half; a second selective coating on said second half; and said first and second selective coatings (1) provide said window in a first position with a Shading Coefficient of less than about 0.20 and a U-value of less than about 0.250 BTU/hour-square foot-.degree. F.; and (2) provide said window in a second opposite position with a Shading Coefficient of greater than about 0.25; a U-value of less than about 0.250 BTU/hour-square foot-.degree. F.; and (3) about 50 percent reflectance to low temperature radiation in the wavelength of greater than about 3 microns. 2. The window as set forth in claim 1 further including means for pivotally mounting the window in a wall opening to position the window in the first or second position. 3. The window as set forth in claim 1 wherein said first selective coating is on said first substrate and said second selective coating is on said fourth substrate. 4. The window as set forth in claim 3 wherein less than about 8 percent of solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.8 - 15 microns incident on said coated first substrate is absorbed by said coated fourth substrate; and more than about 20 percent of solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.8 - 15 microns incident on said coated fourth substrate is absorbed by said coated first substrate. 5. The window as set forth in claim 4 wherein about 1.4 percent of the solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.8 - 15 microns incident on said coated first substrate is absorbed by said coated fourth substrate and about 22 percent of the solar energy incident on said coated fourth substrate is absorbed by said coated first substrate. 6. The window as set forth in claim 5 wherein said substrates are made of glass and said first selective coating is on the interior surface of said first glass substrate and said second selective coating is on the interior surface of said fourth substrate. 7. The window as set forth in claim 3 wherein the window is in the first position and said coated first substrate as to solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.8 - 15 microns has at least about 15 percent reflectance; less than about 15 percent transmission and the remainder absorbed; said second and third substrates as to solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.8 - 15 microns has at least about 10 percent reflectance; less than about 8 percent transmission and the remainder absorbed; and said coated fourth substrate as to solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.8 - 15 microns has greater than about 5 percent reflectance; less than about 50 percent transmission and the remainder absorbed. 8. The window as set forth in claim 7 wherein said coated first substrate has about 46 percent reflectance; about 4.2 percent transmission; and about 49.8 percent absorption; said second and third substrates have about 14 percent reflectance; about 76 percent transmission and about 10 percent absorption; and said coated fourth substrate has about 8.5 percent reflectance; about 45 percent transmission and about 46.5 percent absorption. 9. The window as set forth in claim 7 wherein said coated first substrate as to solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.3 - 0.8 microns has about 15-20 percent reflectance; about 5-50 percent transmission and the remainder absorbed; said second and third substrates as to solar energy in a wavelength of about 0.3 - 0.8 microns has less than about 15 percent reflectance; at least about 80 percent transmission; and the remainder absorbed; said coated fourth substrate as to solar energy in the wavelength range of about 0.3 - 0.8 microns has about 10-15 percent reflectance; at least about 50 percent transmission and the remainder absorbed. 10. The window as set forth in claim 8 wherein said coated first substrate as to solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.3 - 0.8 microns has about 38 percent reflectance; about 20 percent transmission and about 42 percent absorption; said second and third substrates as to solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.3 - 0.8 microns has about 14 percent reflectance; about 80 percent transmission and about 6 percent absorption; and said coated fourth substrate as to solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.3 - 0.8 microns has about 13 percent reflectance; about 72.7 percent transmission; and about 14.3 percent absorption. 11. The window as set forth in claim 3 wherein the window is in the second position and said coated fourth substrate as to solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.8 - 15 microns has greater than about 5 percent reflectance; less than about 50 percent transmission and the remainder absorbed; said third and second substrates as to solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.8 - 15 microns has less than about 15 percent reflectance; more than about 65 percent transmission and the remainder absorbed; said coated first substrate as to solar energy in a wavelength of about 0.8 - 15 microns has less than about 50 percent reflectance; greater than 0 percent transmission and the remainder absorbed. 12. The window as set forth in claim 11 wherein said coated fourth substrate has about 7.7 percent reflectance; about 45 percent transmission and about 47.3 percent absorption; said third and fourth substrate has about 14 percent reflectance; about 76 percent transmission and about 10 percent absorption; and said coated first substrate has about 46 percent reflectance; about 4.2 percent transmission and about 49.8 percent absorption. 13. The window as set forth in claim 11 wherein said coated fourth substrate as to solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.3 - 0.8 microns has less than about 15 percent reflectance; at least about 50 percent transmission and the remainder absorbed; said third and second substrates as to solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.3 - 0.8 microns has less than about 15 percent reflectance; at least about 80 percent transmission and the remainder absorbed; and said coated first substrate as to solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.3 - 0.8 microns has about 15-50 percent reflectance; about 5-50 percent transmission and the remainder absorbed. 14. The window as set forth in claim 12 wherein said coated fourth substrate as to solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.3 - 0.8 microns has about 11.8 percent reflectance; about 72.7 percent transmission and about 15.15 percent absorption; said third and second substrates as to solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.3 - 0.8 microns has about 14 percent reflectance; about 80 percent transmission and about 6 percent absorption; said coated first substrate as to solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.3 - 0.8 microns has about 44 percent reflectance; about 20 percent transmission and about 36 percent absorption. 15. The window as set forth in claim 13 wherein said substrates are made of glass; said second and third substrates have their edges welded together and are filled with a gas, said first and fourth substrates are spaced from the second and third substrate respectively by a spacer. 16. The window as set forth in claim 1 wherein said first substrate has its inner surface coated with a metal coating and said fourth substrate has its inner surface coated with a metal oxide coating. 17. The window as set forth in claim 15 wherein the first position is the summer position and the second position is the winter position. 18. A seasonably adjustable window, comprising: a plurality of transparent substrates; means for sealing edges of said plurality of transparent substrates to provide a sealed multipane unit having (1) at least one dead airspace between said plurality of transparent panes; and (2) a first outer surface and a second outer surface opposite to the first outer surface; and selective coating on selected ones of said plurality of transparent substrates to provide said multipane unit (1) with a shading coefficient of less than about 0.20 when the first surface of said multipane unit is in a first predetermined position and the second surface of said multipane unit is in a second predetermined position and (2) with a shading coefficient of greater than about 0.25 when the second surface of said multipane unit is in the first predetermined position and the first surface of the said multipane unit is in the second predetermined position. 19. The window as set forth in claim 18 wherein said multipane unit has a U-value of less than about 0.250 BTU/hour-square foot-.degree. F. 20. The window as set forth in claim 18 wherein said multipane unit has about 50 percent reflectance to low temperature radiation in the wavelength of greater than about 3 microns. 21. The window as set forth in claim 18 further including means for pivotally mounting said multipane unit in a wall opening to position said multipane unit in the first or second predetermined position. 22. The window as set forth in claim 18 wherein a selective coating is on a one of the substrates to provide a coated first substrate and a selective coating is on a second one of the substrates to provide a coated second substrate; less than about 8 percent of solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.8 - 15 microns incident on said coated first substrate is absorbed by said coated second substrate; and more than about 20 percent of solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.8 - 15 microns incident on said coated second substrate is absorbed by said coated first substrate. 23. The window as set forth in claim 18 wherein a selective coating is on a one of the substrates to provide a coated first substrate and a selective coating is on a second one of the substrates to provide a coated second substrate; and about 2-20 percent of solar energy in the wavelength of about 0.3 - 0.8 microns incident on said multipane unit passes through said multipane unit. 24. The window as set forth in claim 18 wherein said multipane unit is (1) in the summer position when said first substrate is in the predetermined first position and (2) in the winter position when said second substrate is in the predetermined second position. 25. The window as set forth in claim 18 wherein a one of said substrates is coated with a metal coating and a one of said substrates is coated with a metal oxide coating. 