A photovoltaic energy converter for converting incident radiant energy, such as solar energy, to electrical energy. The converter comprises a cell formed from a plurality of integrally interconnected p-n junction-containing semiconductor wafers. The wafers are stacked end-to-end in the cell so that the respective junctions in each wafer are parallel to each other. The efficiency and performance of the cell is improved, particularly upon exposure to concentrated sunlight, by imposing various conditions on the cell fabrication and design. Improvements result, for example, by selecting a high resistivity semiconductor as the starting material in the fabrication of the cell, controlling the diffusion process to optimize the junction gradient and minimize the thickness of the base region in each wafer, orienting the wafers in the cell so that they are illuminated at a small angle relative to the plane of the respective junctions therein, and treating the exposed surfaces of the wafer to reduce reflectivity and surface recombination velocities.
Claims What we claim as new and desire to secure by Letters Patent of the United States is: 1. A photovoltaic energy converter for converting incident radiant energy to electrical energy comprising A. an incident radiant energy responsive slab including i. a plurality of wafers of semiconductive material of a first conductivity type, each said wafer including a. first and second opposed end faces, b. a first region below the first end face having a net impurity concentration of a second conductivity type, c. a second region below the second end face having a net impurity concentration of the first conductivity type greater than the concentration in d. a base region located between said first and second regions, and e. a photovoltaic junction separating said first and base regions, ii. a plurality of electrically conductive layers, iii. said wafers and said conductive layers being stacked in alternate layers and fused together to form said slab, the first region in each said wafers being directed toward the same end of said slab, and iv. lower and upper opposed transverse surfaces, said photovoltaic junction in each said wafer being inclined toward the second region thereof at an angle deviating from a normal to said upper surface such that when viewed through said upper surface more of the base region and less of the first region is exposed in each said wafer, said inclined junction allowing increased spreading of the junction depletion layer at and below said upper surface upon illumination of said upper surface with radiant energy; B. a support substrate; C. means for mounting said slab on said substrate so that the lower transverse surface thereof is adjacent said substrate, said slab being positioned on said substrate for exposure to the incident radiant energy along a direction essentially normal to the upper transverse surface of said slab; and D. electrical contact means contacting opposed ends of said slab. 2. A photovoltaic energy converter as recited in claim 1 in which the semiconductive material of said base region of each said wafer has a resistivity in the range of about 200 to 400 ohm-centimeters. 3. A photovoltage energy converter as recited in claim 1 in which said base region in each said wafer has a thickness substantially less than each of said first and second regions. 4. A photovoltaic energy converter as recited in claim 1 in which the said semiconductive material of said wafers is silicon. 5. A photovoltaic energy converter as recited in claim 1 in which said conductive layers consist essentially of 99 percent silver and one percent aluminum. 6. A photovoltaic energy converter as recited in claim 1 in which the plurality of said wafers comprises sixteen. 7. A photovoltaic energy converter as recited in claim 1 in which the angle at which the photovoltaic junction in each said wafer deviates from a normal to said upper surface is in the range of about 5.degree. to 20.degree.. 8. A photovoltaic energy converter as recited in claim 7 in which the angle is about 10.degree.. 9. A photovoltaic energy converter as recited in claim 1 in which the upper transverse surface of said slab includes a matrix of rounded surface pyramids to reduce reflectivity of the incident radiant energy, said surface pyramids having base edges comparable to the thickness of each said wafers. 10. A photovoltaic energy converter as recited in claim 1 further including E. an anti-reflection coating comprising a coating of transparent material deposited on at least said upper surface of said slab, said coating having an index of refraction intermediate to that of the semiconductive material of said wafers and air. 11. A photovoltaic energy converter as recited in claim 1 further including F. a plano-convex lens radiation concentrator covering said upper transverse surface of said slab, said radiation concentration having a focal length such that it concentrates the incident radiant energy at the region of the junction in each said wafer. 12. A photovoltaic energy converter as recited in claim 11 in which said radiation concentrator is preferentially transmissive to energy having wavelengths within the range of about 5,000 to 10,000 Angstroms. 