A control that will, when attached to a Solar Collector in a proper manner, allow said Solar Collector to track the sun as to azimuth and elevation automatically, without manual assistance, through the diurnal cycle without regard as to whether the sun is visible or not. Also controlling said Collector at sunset to return to an Easterly setting to await the following diurnal cycle.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A Solar Collector Controller comprising a solar sensor array, an electronic data processor and amplifier, a drive motor, a gear train, and means for mounting the controller on a gimbaled solar collector, said sensor array being a set of four sensors oriented in pairs at a 90.degree. angle, each pair being oriented perpendicular to its neighbor so as to form a sensitive surface consisting of four sensor surfaces arranged to produce electrical signals, each pair of signals being summed differentially to produce an error signal having phase and amplitude proportional to the orientation of the sensor pair with respect to the incident solar flux, said sensor pairs being oriented parallel to and orthogonal to the diurnal path of the sun, said orientation providing an electrical signal proportional to azimuth and elevation of the solar normal in its cycle, said sensor array being placed below a shadow plate, said plate having an area smaller than the area of the sensor array so that a portion of the array is thereby shaded, said shading being equal when the sensor joint normal is parallel to the solar normal, said array then producing a null output, otherwise the relative solar angle produces an error signal proportional to the angle, an amplifier with a variable gain receiving said error signal, a fifth solar cell for controlling said variable gain connected in a feedback path across the amplifier, said amplifier output being applied to drive a motor and gear train mounted so as to position the solar collector carrying the radiation sensor array, the amplifier means arranged so as to drive the solar collector to reduce the relative solar angle to a null position for maximizing solar collector efficiency, control circuit means connected to said amplifier means for restoring the solar collector orientation to an easterly position when the solar irradiance on the sensor array falls below a pre-set threshold after sunset. 2. The Solar Collector Controller of claim 1 wherein the shadow plate is smaller than the projected sensor area, said plate being located above the sensors a few centimeters so as to continuously shield the sensors partially during the tracking cycle. 3. The Solar Collector Controller of claim 2 wherein the fifth solar sensor connected as a feedback resistor is a photo-resistor of the cadmium sulfide class, said photo-resistor being located atop the said shadow plate. 4. The Solar Collector Controller of claim 3 wherein the radiation sensors are silicon solar cells. 5. An improved Solar Collector Controller having a solar angle sensor means, a support for the collector which is moveable, an error sensing circuit, and a servomechanism positioning the collector for a minimum solar angle, wherein the improvement comprises a shadow plate mounted above said angle sensor means so that the sensors are partially shaded during the tracking cycle, thereby increasing the sensitivity of tracking, said servomechanism including an amplifier with a feedback loop, a fifth sensor connected in the feedback path of the servomechanism amplifier so as to control the servo loop gain independent of solar intensity when exposed to sunlight, a threshold measuring circuit being connected to said amplifier for repositioning the collector at nightfall to the easterly position. 6. The improved Solar Collector Controller of claim 5 wherein the sensor is comprised of a pair of silicon solar cells. 7. A Solar Collector Controller comprising a radiation sensor array co-mounted with a collector, said array having four sensors arranged in co-operative pairs, each pair having an angle greater than 180.degree. between co-operative surfaces, one pair being oriented 90.degree. from the adjoining pair to form a sensor array, said array being arranged with a shadow plate mounted perpendicular to the joint normal of the sensor surfaces, said plate being arranged above the sensor surfaces and sized to cast a shadow smaller than the sensor array to cause the sensors to be equally shadowed only when the sensor joint normal is parallel to the local solar normal, such equal shading providing a null output signal from each sensor pair by selection of polarity and connection to a common summing point for each pair, amplifier means connected to said sensors for detecting said null signal, said amplifier having a feedback path, a fifth sensor connected in said feed back path, said fifth sensor varying its resistance in accordance with solar intensity to affect the gain of the amplifier, said amplifier output being used to drive a control motor and gear train so as to orient the solar collector to restore the parallelism between the sensor joint normal and the local solar normal, said orientation thereby positioning the solar collector to maximize the heat input to the collector by presenting the maximum surface to the sun, circuit means connected to said amplifier for measuring total irradiance of the solar sensors, means response to said circuit means for returning the collector normal to an easterly direction after nightfall. 