A flat solar collector apparatus includes an inner energy absorber plate having a absorber surface and energy transfer passageway connected to a storage unit. A transparent cover is secured in outwardly spaced and sealed relation to the absorber plate to define a sealed air space therebetween. The cover includes a pair of stacked, transparent sheets having light transmitting conductive coatings on the opposed sides or faces. Each conductive coating is provided with an electrical connector means for connection to a suitable power supply with an insulating spacer located between the outer peripheries defining a chamber filled with nematic liquid crystals. A D. C. or A. C. voltage source connected to the coatings controls the light scattering characteristic of the crystals and thereby changes the cover from a normally highly transparent to an increasingly translucent state, and thereby the energy transmittance of the cover. The voltage can be controlled manually or in accordance with a desired parameter of the energy collecting system to prevent damaging temperatures in the system. Metal oxide coatings on a collector cover also directly function to increase the absorber temperature for a given solar energy input.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar energy collector apparatus comprising an energy absorbing means for absorbing solar energy, and a controllable energy transmittance material overlying the absorbing mean, and control means connected to said transmittance material for controlling the energy transmittance level of said transmittance material for varying the transmission of energy to said absorbing means. 2. The collector apparatus of claim 1 including means to sense the temperature state of said absorbing means and connected to said control means to control the transmittance of said transmittance material. 3. The solar energy collector apparatus of claim 1 wherein said transmittance material is a liquid crystal material layer mounted in spaced overlying relation to said absorbing means, said control means being an electrical voltage means including conductive means secured to the opposite surface of the layer. 4. The solar energy collector of claim 1 wherein said transmittance material is a nematic mixture, said control means includes a voltage means connected across said transmittance material, and a voltage control means is connected to said voltage means for controlling the transmittance of said transmittance material. 5. A solar energy collector, comprising an energy absorbing means having an outer exposed surface for absorbing solar energy, an outer cover means mounted in overlying relation to said absorbing means, said cover means including a layer of a transmittance change material having an energy transmittance related to an electrical potential impressed across the layer, and a variable voltage means connected to said transmittance layer for controlling the transmittance of said layer. 6. The solar energy collector apparatus of claim 5 wherein said absorbing means is a plate-like element, said layer of material providing dynamic scattering of solar energy in response to a voltage impressed across said layer. 7. The solar energy collection of claim 5 wherein said cover means comprises a pair of closely spaced transparent plates mounted in spaced relation to said absorbing means, conductive means on the opposed faces of said plates, sealing means secured to said plates and defining a sealed chamber therebetween, said material filling said chamber, and said voltage means being connected to said conductive means. 8. The solar energy collector apparatus of claim 7 wherein said absorbing means includes a transfer means for selective and intermittent withdrawal of absorbed solar energy from the absorbing means and said voltage means includes a voltage regulator means connected to the conductive means, and means monitoring the operating status of the absorbing means to limit the temperature in the transfer means. 9. The solar energy collector apparatus of claim 5 including means sensing the temperature of the absorbing means and controlling the output of said voltage means to limit the solar energy transmitted to the absorbing means and thereby limit the temperature of the absorbing means. 10. A flat plate solar collector apparatus comprising an inner absorbing and transfer plate means and an outer cover secured in spaced overlying relationship to said transfer plate means, said cover including a pair of transparent cover plates mounted in close spaced relation to said plates, conductive films of an energy transparent material on the opposed faces of said cover plates, sealing means secured to said plates and defining a sealed chamber therebetween, controlled transmittance material means filling said chamber and having a varying energy transmittance in accordance with an electric field directed from one cover plate to the other, and voltage supply connector means secured to said conductive means. 11. The solar energy collector apparatus of claim 10 wherein said conductive films are formed of materials selected from tin oxide, indium oxide and mixtures including at least one of said materials. 12. The solar energy collector apparatus of claim 10 wherein said transmittance material is a liquid crystal nematic mixture producing dynamic scattering directly related to the voltage level. 13. A solar energy collector, comprising an energy transfer control means mounted as an external wall, said control means including a layer material having a solar energy transmittance related to the electrical voltage applied across the layer, a voltage source is connected across said transmittance layer for controlling the transmittance. 14. A solar energy collection and storage apparatus, comprising a flat plate solar collector having an inner transfer plate and an outer transparent plate mounted in spaced relation to said transfer plate, conductive means on the opposed faces of said plates, sealing means secured to said plates and defining a sealed chamber therebetween, liquid crystal means filling said chamber, control power supply means connected to said conductive means. 