A solar heating unit employing plural cells each comprising sloping side walls with a first side wall having a sun facing relationship in the morning hours and a second side wall having a sun facing relationship in the afternoon hours. The first and second walls are inclined from the horizontal to a degree determined by the latitude of the unit.
Claims Having described my invention, I now claim: 1. A solar heating unit being adapted for mounting in proximity to a heated building comprising: a planar floor section, a plurality of intersecting panels positioned on said floor section and forming a plurality of cells, means interconnecting said panels at the intersections of said panels, each of said cells having mutually abutting rear side walls and front side walls, said rear side and front side walls being at an acute angle to said planar floor section, each cell including a front side wall and a rear side wall that are in parallel planes, at least some of said side walls of each cell being coated black, a cover means over said cells for admitting light energy and retaining heated air, circulation means for circulating a working fluid in heat transfer relationship with said cells for extracting heat converted from solar energy by said cells and for delivering said extracted heat to the heated building. 2. The solar heating unit of claim 1 wherein: said side walls are inclined from the horizonal by approximately 20.degree. to 60.degree. . 3. The solar heating unit of claim 1 wherein: said side walls are inclined from the horizontal by an angle of 10.degree. greater than the latitude of the heated building. 4. The solar heating unit of claim 1 wherein: said cover means is spaced from the upper surface of said cells, said circulation means comprises a fan for moving air over between said cover means and said cells. 5. The solar heating unit of claim 1 wherein: said panel interconnecting means includes interfitting cooperating slots. 6. The solar heating unit of claim 1 wherein: said circulating means includes tubing means in heat conducting relationship with said rear side walls for transferring heat from said side walls to fluid in said tubing. 7. The solar heating unit of claim 1 wherein: said cover means comprises a glazing over said cells. 8. The solar heating unit of claim 3 wherein: said cover means is spaced from the upper surface of said cells, said circulation means comprises a fan for moving air over between said cover means and said cells, and said panel interconnecting means includes interfitting cooperating slots. 9. The solar heating unit of claim 8 wherein: said cover means comprises a glazing over said cells. 