There are disclosed devices and methods for converting heat energy into mechanical energy utilizing elements formed of materials which exhibit so-called shape memory effect (SME) characteristics, which elements are subjected to stress, strain and temperature conditions in a cyclic manner, the stress and strain conditions in the element being related by a closed loop locus plotted on the stress/strain/temperature spectrum. The elements may also be formed of bi-metallic expansion alloys or of other materials having a high thermal expansion coefficient. In one particular application of the invention as a heat engine there is provided a first member composed of elements made of a material exhibiting SME characteristics or of elements made of a bi-metallic material or of other materials having a high thermal expansion coefficient, and a second member which comprises means for deforming the first member, the arrangement being such that when the first member is subjected to a thermal cycling effect to establish a temperature difference between different parts of the first member the strains set up in the first member thereby are translated into a physical motion of the first member. The device is so arranged that the configurations of the component parts of the first member change in dependence on the temperature thereof and these changes in configuration generate forces effective to cause a relative movement of the first member with the respective second member. The thermal cycling effect may be obtained by arranging that over one part of the cycle each part of the first member has heat energy supplied thereto as, for example, by solar-, gas- or electric-heating or by exposing it to a hot fluid and over another part of the cycle each part of the first member is cooled as, for example, by exposing it to a cold fluid. Devices according to this invention have many diverse applications including as a prime mover powered, for example, by solar energy for irrigation and water pumping applications in arid and undeveloped areas of the world.
Claims I claim: 1. A device for converting heat energy into mechanical energy comprising; a first member and a second member, said first member comprising a plurality of thermally responsive elements arranged about an axis for relative rotation between the first and second members; means rigidly mounting one end of each said elements in spaced relation about said axis; means rotatably mounting the other end of each element; means connected to said elements for mechanically deforming said elements in torsion; thermal cycling means subjecting said elements to a thermal heating and cooling cycle for generating a cyclic torsional force in said elements in a predetermined phase relationship with the torsional deformation of said mechanical deformation means; and means connected to said other end of each said elements for converting the torsional forces in said elements to a continuous rotational output torque for rotating said first and second members relatively of each other. 2. A device as claimed in claim 1 wherein said first member is fabricated from an alloy consisting of 63.75% copper, 34.5% zinc and 1.75% silicone. 3. A device as claimed in claim 1 wherein said first member is fabricated from a material consisting of 55.4% nickel and 44.6% titatium. 4. A device as claimed in claim 1 wherein said first member is fabricated from a material consisting of 69.6% copper, 26.2% zinc and 4.2% aluminium. 5. A device as claimed in claim 1 wherein said first member is fabricated from a material consisting of 70.1% copper, 25.9% zinc and 4.0% aluminium. 6. A device as claimed in claim 1 wherein said first member is fabricated from a material consisting of 84.0% copper, 13.3% aluminium and 2.7% nickel. 7. A device as claimed in claim 1 wherein said first member is fabricated from a material consisting of 84.5% copper, 11.25% aluminium and 4.25% manganese. 8. A device as claimed in claim 1 wherein over one part of the cycle said first member has heat energy supplied thereto and over another part of the cycle said first member is cooled. 9. A device as claimed in claim 8 wherein said heat energy is supplied in the form of solar heating. 10. A device as claimed in claim 8 wherein said heat energy is supplied in the form of gas heating. 11. A device as claimed in claim 8 wherein said heat energy is supplied in the form of electric heating. 12. A device as claimed in claim 8, wherein over the said one part of the cycle said first member is exposed to a hot fluid and over another part of the cycle said first member is cooled by exposing it to a cold fluid. 13. The device according to claim 1, wherein said elements are fabricated from a material selected from the group comprising shape memory effect material, bi-metallic material and material having a high coefficient of thermal expansion. 14. The device according to claim 1, wherein said elements of said first member are arranged in spaced, parallel relation about said axis is form or rotor, said means rigidly mounting the one end of each element comprising a first end plate of said rotor and said means rotatably mounting the other free end of each element comprising a second end plate of said rotor, said second end plate having bearings in which the free ends of said elements are mounted. 15. The device according to claim 1, wherein said mechanical deformation means includes a cam eccentrically mounted relative to said axis and a cam follower mounted to the free end of each element whereby rotation of said first member relative to said second member induces torsion in each element which progressively increases to a maximum and then decreases to a minimum during one revolution of said first member relative to said second member. 16. The device according to claim 1, wherein said elements are formed as tubes. 17. The device according to claim 1, wherein said elements are formed as strips. 18. The device according to claim 1, wherein said mechanical deformation means induces torsion in each element which progressively increases to a maximum and then decreases to a minimum during one revolution of said first member relative to said second member, said thermal cycling means subjecting a respective element to heat over that portion of said one revolution where the mechanically induced torsion has reached the maximum and is decreasing to the minimum and subjecting said respective element to cooling over the remaining portion of said one revolution. 19. The device according to claim 1, wherein said elements emanate radially about said axis in a spoke-line manner. 20. The device according to claim 1, wherein said thermally responsive elements comprise tubes having interior and exterior surfaces, said thermal cycling means including first means for circulating a hot fluid over one of said exterior and interior surfaces during a first portion of said cycle and second means for circulating a cold fluid over the other of said exterior and interior surfaces during a second portion of said cycle. 21. The device according to claim 20, wherein said first circulating means comprises a tubular member surrounding each of said tubes in spaced relationship therefrom, said tubular member containing a quantity of hot fluid and means on the interior of said tubular member for flowing said hot fluid over the exterior of its associated tube. 22. The device according to claim 20, wherein said second circulating means includes a cold fluid reservoir in flow communication with the interior surfaces of said tubes. 