A solar heat collecting plate as part of an assemblage of the plates is adapted to be used in a solar heat collector for solar furnaces and the like and is designed so that the solar collector can be oriented at any angle relative to the angle of the sun. Several embodiments of the heat collecting plate are disclosed but principally each includes an inner plate portion adapted to protrude generally perpendicularly away from a back support wall of the solar collector and an outer plate portion forming an obtuse angle from the outer edge of the inner plate portion. One surface of the outer plate portion is reflective to solar radiation while the other surface of the outer plate portion and both surfaces of the inner plate portion and the back wall of the solar collector are absorptive of solar radiation. When the collecting plates are assembled on the back support wall of the solar collector in spaced parallel relationship, solar radiation is trapped either within or between adjacent collecting plates virtually eliminating radiative losses from the solar collector. In one embodiment, the outer plate portion is pivotally connected to the inner plate portion to selectively optimize the capture of the solar radiation dependent upon the angle of the sun.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar heat collecting plate for absorbing solar energy in a solar collector comprising: a first relatively planar plate portion having a first surface and an oppositely positioned second surface, and first and second surfaces of said first plate portion being absorptive of solar radiation; a second relatively planar portion having a first surface and an oppositely positioned second surface, the first surface of said second plate portion being absorptive of solar radiation, the second surface of said second plate portion being reflective of solar radiation, said second plate portion forming an obtuse angular extension from said first plate portion, the first surface of said second plate portion forming an obtuse angle with respect to the first surface of said first plate portion, and the second surface of the second plate portion forming an angle between 180.degree. and 270.degree. with respect to the second surface of said first plate portion; and mounting means operatively associated with said first and second plate portions for positioning the first and second surfaces of said first plate portion and the first surface of said second plate portion to absorb solar radiation. 2. The solar heat collecting plate of claim 1 further including a third plate portion operably connected to said first plate portion in parallel and spaced-apart relation with respect to said first plate portion, and a fourth plate portion forming an extension from an edge of said third plate portion in parallel relation with said second plate portion. 3. The solar heat collecting plate of claim 2 wherein said third plate portion includes a first surface and an oppositely positioned second surface, said fourth plate portion includes a first surface and an oppositely positioned second surface, the first surface of said fourth plate portion forms an obtuse angle with the first surface of the third plate portion, and the second surface of the fourth plate portion forms an angle between 180.degree. and 270.degree. with the second surface of said third plate portion. 4. The solar heat collecting plate of claim 3 wherein the first and second surfaces of said third plate portion and the first surface of said fourth plate portion are absorptive of solar radiation, and the second surface of the fourth plate portion is reflective to solar radiation. 5. The solar heat collecting plate of claim 1 wherein said mounting means is connected to said first plate portion to facilitate connecting said first plate portion to a support surface. 6. The solar heat collecting plate of claim 5 wherein said mounting means is flat and forms a generally perpendicular extension from an edge of said first plate portion opposite the edge thereof from which said second plate portion extends. 7. The solar heat collecting plate of claim 6 wherein said mounting means is absorptive of solar radiation. 8. The solar heat collecting plate of claim 1 wherein said second plate portion is pivotally connected to the edge of the first plate portion. 9. An assemblage of solar energy collecting and absorbing plates mounted upon a generally planar support surface, each collecting and absorbing plate having a first plate portion extending generally perpendicularly away from said support surface in spaced apart and parallel relationship with the first plate portion of an adjacent collecting plate to define a channel therebetween, and each collecting and absorbing plate also having a second plate portion associated with the first plate portion and forming an obtuse extension from an edge of said first plate portion, each said second plate portion extending in spaced parallel relationship with the second plate portion of an adjacent collecting and absorbing plate, each of said first and second plate portions having a first surface and a second surface positioned oppositely of the first surface, the first surface of each second plate portion forms an obtuse angle with respect to the first surface of its associated first plate portion, the second surface of each second plate portion forms an angle between 180.degree. and 270.degree. with respect to the second surface of its associated first plate portion and the second surface of at least a few of said second plate portions are reflective to solar radiation. 10. The assemblage of claim 9 wherein the first and second surfaces of each of said first plate portions and the first surface of each of said second plate portions are absorptive of solar radiation. 11. The assemblage of claim 10 wherein said support surface is absorptive of solar radiation. 12. The assemblage of claim 10 further including hinge means pivotably connecting each of said second plate portions to its associated first plate portion. 13. The assemblage of claim 12 further including means operatively interconnecting the second plate portions for unitary pivotal movement relative to the first plate portions. 14. Apparatus for effectively collecting solar energy incident at a variety of angles and for effectively absorbing the energy collected, comprising: a pair of solar energy collecting and absorbing plate members, each plate member including a first relatively planar portion and second relatively planar portion, each second portion extending from each first portion at a predetermined obtuse angle; a support surface having a generally planar portion; means for mounting the first portions of said plate members to the planar portion of said support surface and for mounting the pair of plate members in essentially parallel and spaced apart relationship; said mounting means positioning the first portions of both plate members to form generally perpendicular extension from the planar portion of said support surface, said mounting means being absorptive of solar energy; means associated with the second portion of one plate member for reflecting solar radiant energy toward the other plate member and into the space define by said pair of spaced apart plate members and support surface; and means, associated with the first portions of both plate members and with the planar portion of the support surface, for absorbing the solar radiant energy reflected by said reflecting means. 15. Apparatus as recited in claim 14 wherein said reflecting means is positioned on a portion of the second plate member generally facing away from the planar portion of said support surface. 16. Apparatus as recited in claim 15 wherein said reflecting means comprises a generally planar reflecting surface and said reflecting surface is positioned at angle of between 180.degree. and 270.degree. with respect to the first plate portion. 17. A solar heat collecting plate for absorbing solar energy in a solar collector comprising: a first relatively planar plate portion, a second relatively planar plate portion, said second plate portion forming an obtuse angular extension from said first plate portion, one surface of said second plate portion forming an obtuse angle with one surface of the first plate portion, the opposite surface of the second plate portion forming an angle between 180.degree. and 270.degree. with the opposite surface of said first plate portion, the opposite surface of the second plate portion being reflective to solar radiation, both surfaces of said first plate portion and the one surface of the second plate portion being absorptive of solar radiation, and mounting means connected to said first plate portion to facilitate connecting said collecting plate to a support surface, said mounting means being flat and forming a generally perpendicular extension from an edge of said first plate portion opposite the edge from which said second plate portion extends, and said mounting means being absorptive of solar radiation. 