An autonomic solar heat collecting system is provided. The heart of the system is a solar panel including a flat outer surface adapted to be exposed to the direction of the radiation of the sun. A flat or formed inner sheet is provided which is closely spaced from the outer surface section. Preferably, a flat, transparent plate is provided, which is spaced from, which covers, and is disposed outwardly from, the flat outer section, thereby forming an air-tight compartment between itself and the flat outer surface. Joining the inner and outer surfaces to one another at the top and at the bottom provides a hollow, fluid-tight cavity. Because the inner and outer surfaces are closely spaced from each other, the fluid is in the form of a thin fluid membrane. Means are provided for allowing entrance of a fluid into the cavity and means are provided for removal of the fluid from the other cavity. To provide most efficient control and heat removal, the collector should be made of two copper sheets, the outer of which is flat, separated about 0.016 inches apart with an enclosed volume of fluid not exceeding about 2.3 cu.in./square foot of panel. Due to the small volume of fluid circulating through the solar panel, low power requirements are inherent to the system, and low voltage power is ample to activate the solar energy collecting system independent of any outside power source. Thus, an essential feature of the autonomic system is low wattage, low power pump means activated by a small predetermined temperature differential, and the means for providing power for the operation of the system is solar cells or wet or dry batteries.
Claims We claim: 1. An autonomic solar heat collecting system comprising: a solar collecting panel exposed to the sun's radiation, said solar collecting panel comprising a flat outer surface adapted to the direction of the sun's radiation, a flat or formed inner sheet closely spaced from the flat outer surface to provide a thin plate-like passageway between the inner sheet and the outer sheet, whereby heat transfer medium flowing therebetween is in the form of a thin fluid membrane, a hollow fluid-tight cavity provided by joining the inner and outer surfaces to one another and forming a bottom cavity and a top cavity, means for allowing entrance of a fluid into said bottom cavity, and gravity return means for the removal of said fluid from the said top cavity; heat transfer medium means for adsorbing the energy of the sun's radiation within said plate-like passageway of said panel; means for removing said medium from the panel, sensing means for monitoring the temperature within the panel; a through-put heat transfer reservoir for accepting said medium for said solar panel; heat sensing means for monitoring the temperature within said reservoir; low pressure means for returning said medium to said solid panel from said reservoir, low pressure means for regulating the flow of said medium from said reservoir to said solar panel comprising pump means operable under low wattage and low power and activated by a small predetermined temperature differential derived from said heat sensing means within said solar panel and said heat sensing means within said reservoir; and means for providing such low wattage, low power for the operation of said system. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the two surfaces of the solar collecting panel are spaced about 0.016 inch apart. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein said solar collecting panel includes a flat transparent plate spaced from, covering, and disposed outwardly from said flat outer surface, and forming an air-tight compartment, between itself and said flat outer surface. 4. The system as set forth in claim 2, wherein in said solar collecting panel said flat outer surface each and said flat inner surface comprise copper sheeting, with said outer surface having, as its exposed face, a matte black finish. 5. The system as set forth in claim 2, wherein in said solar collecting panel said outer surface is secured to said inner surface by means of welded strips of minimum width or formed longitudinal ridges of the inner sheet as required to provide the structural support between said outer surface and said inner sheet, said strips or ridges being positioned at the periphery and at intermittent fixed points between said outer and inner surfaces. 6. The system as set forth in claim 2, wherein in said solar collecting panel said top and bottom cavities comprise copper tubing secured to the top and bottom portions respectively of said outer and said inner surfaces. 7. The system as set forth in claim 6 including means for introducing fluid to said copper tubing and means for extracting same from said copper tubing, said means comprising open extensions of said respective copper tubing. 8. The system as set forth in claim 7 including means for securely attaching one open extension of said copper tubing to another open extension on another said copper tubing. 9. The system as set forth in claim 6 including means for introducing fluid to said copper tubing and means for extracting same from said copper tubing, said means comprising additional metallic tubing. 10. The system as set forth in claim 6 including means for allowing passage of a fluid between said cavities consisting of small ports positioned on the inside exposed edge of said copper tubing. 11. The system as set forth in claim 3 wherein in said solar collecting panel said flat transparent plate is held in its normal position by framing. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein said framing is extruded aluminum sections. 13. The system of claim 3 wherein in said solar collecting panel the flat transparent plate is formed of glass. 14. The system of claim 3 wherein, in said solar collecting panel, the flat transparent plate is formed of synthetic plastics marerial. 15. The system of claim 3 wherein, in said solar collector panel, the flat transparent plate is formed of synthetic plastics material selected from the group consisting of polyvinyl fluoride, cellulose acetate, cellulose pripionate or cellulose polypripionate. 16. The system as set forth in claim 3 wherein in said solar collecting panel the means for introducing a fluid into said cavity and for extracting said fluid from said cavity comprises flexible hose attachments. 17. The system of claim 3 wherein said solar heat collecting panel includes a larger diameter header tube at the top of said flat sections and a smaller diameter header tube at the bottom end of said sections forming a fluid-tight space; a temperature sensing device for sensing the temperature of fluid in said fluid-tight space, and a supporting frame at the periphery of said flat sections, said frame extending below said flat inner section. 18. The system of claim 1 wherein said solar heat collecting panel includes a larger diameter header tube at the top of said flat sections and a smaller diameter header tube at the bottom end of said sections forming a fluid-tight space; a temperature sensing device; and a supporting frame at the periphery of said flat sections, said frame extending below said flat inner section. 19. The system as set forth in claim 18, and including a temperature sensing device disposed either above or below said panel. 20. The system as set forth in claim 18, with said smaller diameter header tube having means for allowing the entrance of a fluid and said larger diameter header tube having means for the removal of said fluid, said means comprising an open valve connected to a continuous source of said fluid. 21. The system as set forth in claim 18, and including insulating material within said frame extension below said flat inner section. 22. The system of claim 1 wherein said solar collector panel is in the form of a building panel comprising in combination: a generally rectangular peripherally disposed framework; a flat section forming the rear face of the panel; insulating material abutting said flat section and said framework, said insulating material abutting a solar panel forming the front face of said building panel. 23. The system of claim 22 wherein, in said building panel, said framework supportingly extends over said flat section, thereby forming the rear face of the panel. 24. The system of claim 22 wherein, in said building panel, there is internally disposed within said framework, additional frame members, to which said polar panel is secured. 25. The system of claim 1 wherein said solar panel is in the form of a building panel comprising in combination: a generally rectangular peripherally disposed framework; a flat section forming the rear surface of the panel, insulating material abutting said flat section and said framework, said insulating material abutting a solar panel forming the front face of said building panel. 26. The autonomic system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said power source comprises solar cells. 27. The autonomic system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said power source comprises wet or dry batteries. 28. The autonomic system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said power source includes, in addition, rectified A.C. external power. 29. The autonomic system as claimed in claim 28 and including auxiliary power comprising one or both of solar cells and wet or dry batteries and switching means which upon power failure, will operate to connect the auxiliary power source, thereby switching the system to be independent of external power. 