A modular unit collector for collecting radiant solar energy to heat a fluid such as water is adapted to be mounted at an inclination to better receive radiant solar rays and to permit gravity drainage of the fluid from the unit. The components include an upper surface and a lower surface forming a cavity. The upper surface includes an outer radiation transmission sheet and an inner radiation absorption sheet spaced from the transmission sheet and the lower surface includes a drainage pan formed to facilitate drainage to a lower end of the unit whenever it is inclined. The upper and lower surfaces are interconnected at the side edges and upper and lower end cap means at each end of the unit close the cavity. A spray means extends into the cavity to spray fluid against the undersurface of the radiation absorption sheet and there is a drainage outlet means adjacent to the lower end cap means.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a modular collector unit for collecting radiant solar energy to heat fluid, such as water, adapted to be mounted at an inclination to better receive radiant solar rays and to permit gravity drainage of fluid from the bottom end of the unit when so inclined, comprising: (a) an upper, outer radiation transmission surface; (b) an intermediate radiation absorption surface which is spaced below the upper radiation transmission surface to define an upper cavity therebetween; (c) a lower surface including a drainage pan which is spaced below the radiation absorption surface to define a lower cavity therebetween; (d) a side connection means interconnecting the longitudinal inclined side edges of the upper, intermediate and lower surfaces; (e) top and bottom end cap means interconnecting the transverse top and bottom ends of the upper, intermediate and lower inclined surfaces whereby the side connection means and top and bottom end cap means enclose the upper and lower cavities between the respective surfaces; (f) a spray means longitudinally extended into the lower cavity to spray fluid against the underside of the radiation absorption surface; and (g) a drainage outlet means at the bottom of the lower cavity, and wherein: (1) the intermediate radiation absorption surface is transversely convexed and the drainage pan is transversely concaved, with the inclined side edges of the radiation absorption surface and the drainage pan coming together to form a longitudinal lens-shaped lower cavity with the space between the radiation absorption surface and the drainage pan being sufficient to permit the spray means in the lower cavity to spray fluid against substantially the entire undersurface of the radiation absorption surface; and (2) said spray means comprises an elongated, fluid-feed tube extending from the top end cap means and longitudinally through the lower cavity to a point near the bottom end cap means with nozzles spaced along the tube directed against the underside of said radiation absorption surface. 2. In a modular collector unit for collecting radiant solar energy to heat fluid, such as water, adapted to be mounted at an inclination to better receive radiant solar rays and to permit gravity drainage of fluid from the bottom end of the unit when so inclined, comprising: (a) an upper, outer radiation transmission surface; (b) an intermediate radiation absorption surface which is spaced below the upper radiation transmission surface to define an upper cavity therebetween; (c) a lower surface including a drainage pan which is spaced below the radiation absorption surface to define a lower cavity therebetween; (d) a side connection means interconnecting the longitudinal inclined side edges of the upper, intermediate and lower surfaces; (e) top and bottom end cap means interconnecting the transverse top and bottom ends of the upper, intermediate and lower inclined surfaces whereby the side connection means and top and bottom end cap means enclose the upper and lower cavities between the respective surfaces; (f) a spray means longitudinally extended into the lower cavity to spray fluid against the underside of the radiation absorption surface; and (g) a drainage outlet means at the bottom of the lower cavity, and wherein: (1) the intermediate radiation absorption surface is transversely convexed and the drainage pan is transversely concaved, with the inclined side edges of the radiation absorption surface and the drainage pan coming together to form a longitudinal lens-shaped lower cavity with the space between the radiation absorption surface and the drainage pan being sufficient to permit the spray means in the lower cavity to sparay fluid against substantially the entire undersurface of the radiation absorption surface; and (2) the aforesaid side connection means includes a fold at each side edge of the drainage pan, about and embracing the adjacent side edges of the radiation absorption surface. 3. The collector unit defined in claim 2, wherein the drainage pan includes: a trough extended to the drainage outlet means. 4. The collector unit defined in claim 2, wherein said spray means comprises: an elongated fluid-feed tube extended through the top end cap and longitudinally through the lower cavity to a point near the bottom end cap; and nozzles spaced along the tube directed against the underside of said radiation absorption surface. 5. The collector unit defined in claim 4, wherein: said modular unit has mirror-symmetry with respect to a vertical longitudinal plane through the unit; and said pan includes a trough at its center to direct flow to the central portion of the bottom of the unit. 6. The collector unit defined in claim 5, wherein said drainage outlet means comprises: an outlet through the bottom end cap adjacent to said trough. 7. In the collector unit defined in claim 6, wherein: the upper end of said fluid-feed tube extends through and is held at the top end cap; the lower end of said tube is adjacent to the drainage outlet; the lower end of said tube is closed, and a rod extends axially therefrom into said outlet; a strainer at the outlet is mounted upon the rod; and means is provided on the rod to hold the strainer in place and at the same time, place the rod under tension to pull the top and bottom end caps together and against the ends of the aforesaid upper intermediate and lower surfaces. 8. In the collector unit defined in claim 7 wherein: the end caps are formed with sockets to receive the edges of the upper, intermediate and lower surfaces. 9. A panel formed as a plurality of collector units as defined in claim 7, in a side by side array with the inclined longitudinal side edges of adjacent units being closely adjacent to each other; and including a longitudinal support wall below each pair of adjacent side edges. 10. The panel defined in claim 9, wherein: said support walls constitute beam-like structures mounted upon a flat sheet and hold the collector units above the sheet; and insulation in the cavity between the underside of said unit lower surfaces and the sheet. 11. The panel defined in claim 9, wherein: the top surface of a support wall is formed with a depressed groove to facilitate mounting the side edges of adjacent collector units thereon. 12. The panel defined in claim 9, wherein: the fluid-feed tubes of each collector unit are extended above each unit and are interconnected to a common supply manifold; and said outlets of each collector unit are interconnected to a common drain manifold. 13. The panel defined in claim 12, wherein: the edges of the panel are covered by a sheeting. 14. The panel defined in claim 9, including: a transparent cover strip mounted above two adjoining edges of adjacent units to overlie said edges; the edges of said strip extending to and engaging the upper surface of each adjacent unit to form an enclosed space below the said cover strip. 15. The collector unit defined in claim 2, wherein the folded edges of the drainage pan about the edges of the upper surface include: folded metal strips extending above the unit to facilitate connecting groups of modular units together. 16. The collector unit defined in claim 2, wherein: (1) the upper rdiation transmission surface is transversely convexed to lie a short distance above the intermediate radiation absorption surface with the side edges of the two surfaces coming together; and (2) the aforesaid side connection means includes a fold at each side edge of the radiation absorption surface which lies within the embrace of an aforesaid fold of the drainage pan, while the fold at each side edge of the radiation absorption surface is about and embracing the adjacent side edge of the radiation transmission surface. 17. In the collector unit defined in claim 16, including: spacer tape means between the folded edges of the drainage pan and the folded edges of the radiation absorption surface and between the folded edges of the radiation absorption surface and the edges of the radiation transmission surface whereby to effectively seal these interconnected edges and space them apart a short distance. 