The system produces heated air at a temperature up to 230.degree. F. and comprises a box structure having one or more glass panels covering the top of the box. Separator walls divide the box into a series of air conveying ducts with the air being forced by means of a blower through the ducts in a serpentine fashion. A heat conductive plate covers the separator walls and is painted black so as to absorb the sun's rays passing through the glass panels. A plurality of dissipators which each comprise a number of heat conductive dissipator plates, are secured to the main conductive plate and each extend into their respective duct. The main conductive plate and dissipator plates are all arranged parallel to each other and the box is situated so that the main conductive plate is perpendicular to the sun's rays.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar heating system comprising; a box means having a bottom wall and a plurality of side walls and including insulating means in the box means for holding generated heat inside the box means, at least one translucent panel covering the box means and positioned to receive rays from the sun, a heat-conductive plate disposed in the box means, separate walls in the box means for at least partially supporting the heat-conductive plate and defining a serpentine duct comprised of a series of interconnected duct sections, a plurality of heat dissipators wherein each heat dissipator comprises a plurality of dissipator plates, means for mounting the heat dissipators to the heat-conductive plate with a series of the dissipators extending along each duct section, wherein said means for mounting mounts the dissipator plates in parallel to each other and in parallel to the heat-conductive plate, blower means coupled to the duct for forcing air therethrough, and exit means from the duct from which the heated air departs, said means for mounting comprising a heat-conductive sleeve, and a plurality of conductive spacers disposed between the dissipator plates for suitably spacing the dissipator plates one from the next. 2. A solar heating system comprising; a box means having a bottom wall and a plurality of side walls and including heat insulating means in the box means for maintaining heat inside the box, translucent panel means enclosing the box means, a heat conductive plate disposed in the box means, separate walls in the box means defining a duct comprised of a series of interconnected duct sections, a plurality of heat dissipators each comprising a plurality of dissipator plates and means supporting the dissipator plates in spaced side-by-side relationship, means for mounting the heat dissipators to the heat-conductive plate with a group of the dissipators extending along each duct section, blower means coupled to the duct for forcing air therethrough, and exit means from the duct from which the heated air departs, said means for supporting the dissipator plates comprising a plurality of heat conductive spacers for spacing the dissipator plates from each other and a heat conductive sleeve having the spacers and dissipator plates extending thereabout, said means for mounting including a bolt means passing through the sleeve for securing all spacers and dissipator plates end fastening the sleeve to the conductive plate. 3. A solar heating system as set forth in claim 2 wherein said separator walls are for at least partially supporting the heat-conductive plate. 4. A solar heating system as set forth in claim 2 wherein said heat dissipators each have a free end terminating in the duct. 5. A solar heating system as set forth in claim 2 wherein said spacers and dissipators have a central aperture of a diameter substantially the same as the outer diameter of the sleeve. 6. A solar heating system as set forth in claim 5 including a washer about the bolt having an outer diameter larger than the diameter of the sleeve. 7. A solar heating system as set forth in claim 6 wherein the combined thicknesses of the dissipator plates and spacers is substantially the same as the length of the sleeve. 8. A solar heating system comprising; a box means having a bottom wall and a plurality of side walls and including heat insulating means in the box means for maintaining heat inside the box means, translucent panel means enclosing the box means, a heat conductive plate disposed in the box means, a plurality of heat dissipators each comprising a plurality of dissipator plates, a plurality of spacers interleaved with the dissipator plates to space the dissipator plates and a sleeve having the spacers and dissipator plates extending thereabout, bolt means for mounting the heat dissipators to the heatconductive plate, blower means coupled to the duct for forcing air therethrough, and exit means from the duct from which the heated air departs. 9. A solar heating system as set forth in claim 8 including a washer about the bolt for securing the sleeve in place to the heat-conductive plate and also for securing the spacers and dissipator plates in fixed position about said sleeve. 