Apparatus and method for testing an optical element sample such as a mirror simultaneously and substantially instantaneously both for the total amount of light reflected from and the total amount of light transmitted by a predetermined area of that sample. The apparatus includes a pair of axially aligned light-integrating spheres between which is clamped the test sample so that no light enters or escapes from either sphere. A preferably optically regulated, substantially collimated beam of light is directed through one sphere against the test sample at an angle to the sphere axis. Silicon photo-voltaic light sensitive detectors connected to amplified readout units indicate the total light reflectivity in one sphere and the total light transmission to the other sphere. The method includes directing a light beam against a test sample area at an angle other than normal to the surface of said sample area, simultaneously detecting the total amounts of reflected and transmitted light for the test sample area with light-integrating means, and indicating the detected total amounts of reflected and transmitted light.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows: 1. Apparatus for testing the light reflectivity and light transmission of an optical element or test sample such as a mirror or the like comprising: first and second closed, hollow, light-integrating spheres aligned along a common axis, each sphere including a test aperture extending through its circumference, said test apertures being aligned with one another along said axis and intermediate the spheres when so aligned; support means for supporting a test sample such as a mirror tightly against and between said spheres and immediately adjacent said test apertures and for clamping a test sample therebetween and sealing out ambient light from said spheres; means for moving at least one of said spheres toward and away from the other for insertion of a test sample therebetween, said spheres being movable sufficiently close to one another so as to clamp said test sample tightly between said support means and seal out ambient light; light source means for directing a beam of light at an angle to said axis through said first sphere, said test aperture in said first sphere, and against and at an angle other than normal to the surface of said test sample a predetermined area of which is exposed in said test aperture when said test sample is supported by said support means, said beam being directed so as to pass through both test apertures and into said second sphere in the absence of a test sample between said spheres; photo-detection means for detecting the total amount of reflected light in said first sphere and the total amount of transmitted light in said second sphere; and means for separately indicating the total amounts of reflected and transmitted light, respectively, detected by said photo-detection means whereby the total light reflectivity and total light transmission of the said predetermined area of a test sample is simultaneously and instantaneously measured. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said support means include a pair of annular, pad-like, resilient rings, one ring extending around the test aperture on each sphere; said rings formed from material which blocks the passage of light therethrough. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein said rings are formed from foam rubber. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said light beam is optically regulated and substantially collimated. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 wherein said light source means includes means for providing a source of constant electrical current and means for collimating said light beam. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said light source means includes means providing a beam of visible light substantially equal in spectral response to that of a light source classed as a standard illuminant A by the Commission Internationale de L'Eclairage; said means for collimating said beam including at least one lens and at least one adjustable iris for controlling the size of said light beam. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said photo-detection means include light-sensitive means in each sphere for detecting and sensing the amount of light present in each sphere and converting the detected amount into a quantity of electrical energy. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said light-sensitive means include one silicon, photo-voltaic cell positioned within an aperture extending through the circumference in each sphere such that the sensing surface of each of said cells is generally flush with the interior surface of its sphere. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 including a low-noise, high-gain, linear response amplifier and a visual readout display unit connected electrically to each of said silicon, photo-voltaic cells. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said photo-detection means include means for sensing all wavelengths of light visible to the human eye, said photo-detection means being matched and coupled to said indicating means so that the total amount of said visible wavelengths are indicated. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said means for moving one of said spheres include means for moving said second sphere toward and away from said first sphere. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said means for moving said one sphere include a fluid cylinder connected to said one sphere, means for mounting said one sphere for controlled sliding movement toward and away from said other sphere, and control means for operating said fluid cylinder. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 including means for supporting said first sphere vertically above said second sphere; said light source means being mounted on said first, upper sphere so as to direct said beam of light at an acute angle to the vertical; said one sphere being said second, lower sphere. 14. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said indicating means include readout means for providing a visual readout of the total amounts of reflected and transmitted light detected by said photo detectors; said readout means including means for adjusting said reflectivity readout to be a percentage referenced to complete, total reflectivity set with a predetermined, known standard sample inserted and tested with said apparatus prior to the testing of any test sample and said transmission readout to be a percentage of the unimpeded light beam from said light source means in the absence of any test or standard sample. 15. Apparatus for testing the light reflectivity and light transmission of an optical element or test sample such as a mirror comprising: a pair of closed, hollow, light-integrating means supported in axial alignment with one another along an axis for collecting, internally reflecting and averaging light present therewithin; an aperture in each light-integrating means, said apertures being axially aligned along the axis of alignment of said light-integrating means and immediately adjacent one another between said light-integrating means; means for supporting a test sample intermediate said light-integrating means and immediately adjacent said apertures in said light-integrating means and for clamping a test sample therebetween and sealing out ambient light from said light-integrating means; means for controlled movement of one of said light-integrating means toward and away from the other for insertion, support, and clamping of a test sample between said light-integrating means such that the test sample is supported by said means for supporting a test sample and the ambient light is excluded from said light-integrating means; light source means for directing an optically regulated, substantially collimated beam of light through said aligned apertures at an angle to the axis of alignment of said light-integrating means and apertures such that it will project through one of said light-integrating means and test apertures and will strike the surface of a test sample at an angle other than normal to said test sample surfact when said test sample is supported between said apertures; and means for simultaneously and substantially instantaneously detecting and indicating the total amount of light reflected in said one light-integrating means from a test sample when supported between said light-integrating means and apertures and the total amount of light transmitted through the test sample in the other light-integrating means when so supported. 16. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein said means for supporting a test sample include light seal means around each of said test apertures to prevent the entry into said light-integrating means of ambient light and to prevent the escape of light within said light-integrating means. 17. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein said detecting and integrating means include means for comparing the total amounts of reflected and transmitted light to known values set prior to said testing. 18. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein said light-integrating means each comprise a closed, hollow sphere having an optically white inside surface with a matte finish to provide diffuse internal reflection and an equal effect on the reflection of all visible wavelengths of light. 19. The apparatus of claim 18 wherein each of said spheres has an interior surface, an aperture adjacent which said sample is positioned and a light-sensitive detector, said one light-integrating means also including an aperture through which said beam of light is directed, said interior sphere surface areas being areas substantially larger than the sum of the aperture and detector areas in each respective sphere to provide high accuracy of the results from the apparatus. 20. A method for testing the light reflectivity and transmission of a test sample such as a mirror or other sheet of material comprising the steps of: (1) directing a beam of light against the surface of a predetermined area on one side of a test sample at an angle other than normal to the surface of said area; (2) simultaneously detecting the total amount of light reflected from said area of said test sample with a first light-integrating and sensing means on said one side of said test sample and the total amount of light transmitted through said area of said test sample with a second light-integrating and sensing means on the opposite side of said test sample while clamping the test sample tightly between said two light-integrating and sensing means, at least one of said two light-integrating and sensing means being movable toward and away from the other to effect clamping and sealing for excluding ambient light, said detection being performed while excluding said ambient light around said test sample from said light-integrating and sensing means, said total amount of reflected light including both diffusely and specularly reflected light; and (3) separately indicating on indicating means the respective total amounts of reflected and transmitted light detected. 21. The method of claim 20 including clamping said test sample and excluding said ambient light from said light-integrating and sensing means with light sealing means mounted around apertures in said light-integrating and sensing means to facilitate the accuracy of the method, said apertures defining said predetermined area of said test sample. 22. The method of claim 20 including directing an optically regulated, substantially collimated beam of light against said area of said test sample. 23. The method of claim 22 including generating said beam of light as substantially equal to the spectral response of a light source classed as a standard illuminant A by the Commission Internationale de L'Eclairage with a source of constant electric current. 24. The method of claim 23 including substantially instantaneously detecting the light present in each of said light-integrating and sensing means with a light-sensitive, photovoltaic detector cell in each light-integrating and sensing means. 25. The method of claim 20 including detecting and indicating the total amount of reflected and transmitted light from said test sample which is within the spectrum of wavelengths visible to the human eye so as to simulate the photopic response of the human eye. 26. The method of claim 20 wherein said clamping of said test sample tightly between said light-integrating and sensing means includes clamping said test sample immediately adjacent and intermediate a pair of adjacent, aligned test apertures through which the beam of light passes, one of said apertures being in each of said light-integrating and sensing means, while sealing the area around and between said apertures and test sample to prevent the entry of ambient light into said light-integrating and sensing means and the escape of reflected and transmitted light from said light-integrating and sensing means. 27. The method of claim 20 wherein said indicating step includes separately comparing the total amounts of reflected and transmitted light detected with said light-integrating and sensing means to known, pre-set values determined prior to said testing. 28. The method of claim 20 including detecting the total amounts of reflected and transmitted light at a location within said light-integrating and sensing means out of direct alignment with the paths of the principal reflected and transmitted beams of light from said area of the test sample. 29. The method of claim 20 including separately detecting said total amount of reflected and total amount of transmitted light from said area of the test sample with separate, axially aligned, light-integrating spheres each including a light-sensitive, photo-voltaic cell, one sphere positioned on each side of said test sample; said beam of light being directed from one of said spheres. 