The stable solar power source consists of solar cells for converting sunlight into electrical energy and a large capacitor for providing a current reserve to satisfy peak current demands and offset the effects of sunlight variations. The solar cells are mounted beneath a light transmitting thermal shield to minimize thermal induced cell output variations.
Claims We claim: 1. A stable solar power source adapted to supply power directly to the input terminals of an electrical use device which is normally operated by a first input current level, but which periodically requires peak input current levels which exceed said first input current level, said stable solar power source including a plurality of interconnected solar cells which convert sunlight into direct current electrical energy and supply said direct current electrical energy to an output, said plurality of interconnected solar cells providing said output with said input current level subject to periodic fluctuations due to blockage of incident sunlight by clouds, said stable solar power source also including a voltage limiting device connected in parallel with said plurality of interconnected solar cells and said electrical use device, and a capacitive means connected in parallel with said plurality of interconnected solar cells and said electrical use device, said capacitive means having a large capacitance in excess of 500 microfarads sufficient to permit said capacitive means to supply the peak input current level required by said electrical use device and to operate as a ballast for the plurality of interconnected solar cells to offset said fluctuations in current supplied by said solar cells. 2. The stable solar power source of claim 1 wherein said plurality of connected solar cells are mounted at an upper surface of said electrical use device in a manner such that the cells have a flat upper surface. 3. The stable solar power source of claim 1 wherein said mounting means includes a light reflective surface adjacent the periphery of said plurality of interconnected solar cells. 4. The stable solar power source of claim 1 wherein said mounting means includes a heat dissipating means for dissipating heat from said solar cells. 5. The stable solar power source of claim 1 wherein said light transmitting thermal insulating means includes a flat sheet of thermal insulating glass having a thickness within the range from 3 to 6 millimeters, said glass being mounted in spaced parallel relationship to the upper surface of the said solar cells. 6. The stable solar power source of claim 1 wherein said plurality of interconnected solar cells is adapted to provide a normal output current range from 12 to 100 milliamperes with a normal output voltage within the range of from 11/2 to 6 volts, and said capacitive means has a capacitance within the range of from 500 to 3000 microfarads. 7. The stable solar power source of claim 1 which includes a secondary battery power source connectable across the input terminals of the said electrical use device, said battery power source being connected between said capacitive means and said electrical use device, and switching means between said battery, capacitive means, and use device to selectively connect either said battery or said capacitive means and plurality of interconnected solar cells to the input terminals of said electrical use device. 8. The stable solar power source of claim 1 wherein said stable solar power source includes a light transmitting thermal insulating means extending over said plurality of interconnected solar cells to pass light to said solar cells while shielding said cells from thermal effects, and a mounting means for mounting said solar cells and thermal shielding means. 9. A stable solar power source adapted to supply power directly to the input terminals of a radio receiver which is normally operative by a first input current level, but which periodically requires peak input current levels which exceed said first input current levels, said stable solar power source including a plurality of interconnected solar cells which convert sunlight into direct current electrical energy and supply said direct current electrical energy to an output, the plurality of interconnected solar cells providing said output with said first input current level subject to periodic fluctuations due to blockage of incident sunlight by clouds, said stable solar power source also including a voltage limiting device connected in parallel with said plurality of interconnected solar cells and said radio receiver, and a capacitive means connected in parallel with said plurality of interconnected solar cells and said radio receiver, said capacitive means having a large capacity in excess of 500 microfarads sufficient to permit said capacitive means to supply the peak input current levels required by the radio receiver and to operate as a ballast for the plurality of interconnected solar cells to offset said fluctuations in current supplied by a said solar cells. 10. The stable solar power source of claim 9 wherein said plurality of interconnected solar cells are mounted on an upper surface of said radio receiver in a manner such that the cells have a flat upper surface, said stable solar power source also including a light transmitting thermal insulating means extending over said solar cells in parallel spaced relationship to the flat upper surface of the cells, said light transmitting thermal insulating means including a flat sheet of thermal insulating glass having a thickness within the range of from 3 to 6 millimeters and operating to pass light to the solar cells while shielding the cells from thermal effects, and mounting means for mounting said plurality of interconnected solar cells and thermal shielding means at the upper surface of said radio receiver. 11. The stable solar power source of claim 10 wherein said plurality of interconnected solar cells is adapted to provide a normal output current within the range of from 12 to 100 milliamperes with a normal output voltage within the range of from 11/2 to 6 volts and said capacitive means has a capacitance within the range of from 500 to 3000 microfarads. 12. The stable solar power source of claim 11 wherein the said mounting means includes a light reflective surface adjacent the periphery of said plurality of interconnected solar cells. 13. The stable solar power source of claim 12 which includes a battery having first and second terminals, the input terminal of said radio receiver including first and second terminals, and the output of said plurality of interconnected solar cells including first and second terminals, the capacitive means being connected across the first and second terminals of said plurality of interconnected solar cells, said first terminals of said plurality of interconnected solar cells and said battery being connected to the first terminal of said radio receiver, and switching means operable to connect either the second terminal of said plurality of interconnected solar cells or the second terminal of said battery to the second terminal of said radio receiver, said switching means operating to prevent at all times the completion of an electrical circuit between said plurality of interconnected solar cells and said battery. 