Heat energy as from solar rays is collected by units including transparent plates covering a completely liquid filled chamber which has a heat absorbing layer as the internal surface of the chamber. The liquid is transparent and capable of absorbing, storing and/or transporting the heat energy. In one embodiment, the heat is removed to a storage tank from many such collector units by pumping. The system can allow draining of the collector when heat collection conditions do not prevail. In another embodiment of collector, the heat is transferred through the heat absorbing walls and the liquid medium acts mainly as a heat receiver and storing facility. A compartmentalized tank can be employed to enhance heat collection efficiency.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar heat collector comprising: a substantially flat, light transparent plate; an enclosure formed with a flat peripheral edge around a depressed portion with said plate being bonded in sealing relation to said peripheral edge for overlying said depressed portion thereby defining an enclosed chamber, said enclosure including a solar ray heat absorbing layer as substantially all of the inner surface of said chamber, said enclosure having first and second ports therethrough on opposite sides of said chamber so that said first port is located at the upper portion of said chamber and said second port at the lower portion of said chamber when said enclosure is positioned for receiving solar rays generally normal to the flat outer surface of said plate, the lower portion of said chamber being sloped towards said second port when said enclosure is in said solar ray receiving position, said enclosure being of heat insulating material surrounding said chamber on all sides except the side formed by said plate and in backing relation to said heat absorbing layer; a substantially light transparent liquid medium filling said chamber between said plate and said heat absorbing layer; and means for transferring heat between said liquid medium and a remote location through said ports. 2. A solar heat collector in accordance with claim 1 wherein said heat transferring means includes means for transferring cool said liquid medium with said chamber through said second port and for transferring warm said liquid medium with said chamber through said first port. 3. A solar heat collector in accordance with claim 1 which includes a second substantially flat, light transparent plate, and means mounting said second plate in spaced generally parallel relation to the other said plate with the space therebetween being sealed for forming a thermal barrier between said plates. 