The present invention relates to a protective device for performing work in areas of greatly varying light intensities, comprising a viewing window having a portion provided with a pair of relatively adjustable grid supports with the movement of said supports being adapted to be controlled by electromagnetic means in response to the intensity of light incident on said protective device and/or the type of light, and which allow the affected portion of said viewing window to be darkened (dimmed) or rendered translucent, whereby said grid supports comprise a material being permeable to light in the visible range of spectrum and said darkening portions (the grid strips) comprise a material being highly absorbent to light in the visible range of spectrum. In a particular embodiment, the protective or safety device serves as a protective hood or helmut on as a protective shield for performing protective welding work; corresponding modification, however, this device may be used also in foundries, rolling mills, physical laboratories and similar facilities where the human eye must be protected against excessive intensities of light.
Claims What we claim is: 1. Automatic protective equipment for performing work in areas of greatly varying light intensities, said equipment comprising: wall means; a transparent window mounted at a fixed position within said wall means; first planar filter means mounted so as to cover at least a portion of said transparent window, having uniform grid strips thereon reaching from one side of said first filter means to the opposite side, said grid strips being highly absorbent of all electromagnetic radiation incident thereon of selected frequencies, and said first filter means having elongated areas between said grid strips highly transparent to all incident visible light, said grid strips and said highly transparent areas respectively lying parallel and being of uniform width; second planar filter means adjacent to said first filter means, covering said first filter means, and mounted for movement relative to said first filter means through a predetermined limited distance, said second filter means having uniform grid strips thereon parallel to the grid strips on said first filter means, said second filter means grid strips reaching from one side of said second filter means to the opposite side, said grid strips being highly absorbent of all electromagnetic radiation incident thereon of selected frequencies, said second filter means having elongated areas between said grid strips highly transparent to all orientations of incident visible light, the width of said second filter means grid strips being at least as great as the width of said first filter means transparent areas; electrically energizable means attached to said wall means, having a first magnetic coil, a second magnetic coil, and an armature connected to said second filter means and magnetically flux-linked with said first and second magnetic coils for moving said second filer means in a first direction through said limited distance relative to said first filter means when said first magnetic coil is energized and for moving said second filter means in a second direction opposite said first direction through said limited distance when said second magnetic coil is energized; spring means for urging said second filter means through said limited distance in said second direction when said first magnetic coil is de-energized and said second magnetic coil is energized, so that when said second filter means has moved said limited distance in said first direction when said first magnetic coil is energized, said grid strips and said highly transparent areas of said second filter means cover respectively said grid strips and said highly transparent areas of said first filter means, thereby forming a relatively highly transparent window area, and when said second filter means moves said limited distance in said second direction when said second magnetic coil is energized, said grid strips of said second filter means covver said highly transparent areas of said first filter means, thereby forming a highly absorbent covering for said transparent window; and controlling means for energizing said energizable means in response to incident radiation comprising: photoelectric means responsive to incident radiation, and amplifier means, having an output connected to said energizable means and an input connected to said photoelectric means for energizing said first magnetic coil when high intensity electromagnetic radiation is incident on said photoelectric means and for energizing said second magnetic coil when low intensity electromagnetic radiation is incident on said photoelectric means, so that as said radiation changes between high and low intensity levels, said second filter means shifts in said first and second direction respectively through said limited distance, thereby prohibiting high intensity light from damaging the eyes of a user of said equipment by first heavily filtering said high intensity light with said highly absorbent grid strips on said first and second filter means. 2. Equipment as in claim 1 wherein: said controlling means further comprises a logic control circuit having a Darlington transistor pair. 3. Equipment as in claim 1 wherein said controlling means further comprises a light-sensitive resistor positioned so that only ambient light is incident thereon, said resistor setting the sensitivity of said control means to various radiation levels. 4. Equipment as in claim 2 wherein said logic control circuit includes a test means for simulating the condition of high intensity radiation incident on said photoelectric means when said test means is in a predetermined condition. 5. Equipment as in claim 4 wherein said test means comprises an oscillator circuit, connected to said logic control circuit for causing pulses of variable intervals to be applied alternately to said first and said second magnetic coils. 6. Equipment as in claim 2 further including two magnetic yokes, each respectively positioned proximate to said first and second magnetic coils, said yokes being composed of magnetic material showing residual magnetism upon termination of the current flow through the respective one of said magnetic coils, so that said second filter means remains in the position most recently assumed. 7. Equipment as in claim 2 wherein said second magnetic coil includes a secondary winding which compensates, when energized, for the tension placed on said second filter means by said spring means. 8. Equipment as in claim 2 further comprising: two U-shaped magnetic yokes, the free legs of said yokes facing each other, each of said yokes being proximate to one of said magnetic coils; an armature made of a ferromagnetic substance mounted between said yokes so as to be capable of moving therebetween; and coupling means for attaching said armature to said second filter means. 9. Equipment as in claim 8 wherein said equipment further comprises mounting means for said first and said second filter means; and wherein said coupling means permits said mounting means together with the mounted elements to be easily detached from said wall means and replaced by an alternate mounting means in order to provide filtering in varying operating conditions. 10. Equipment as in claim 1 wherein said grid strips filter out the invisible radiation in the fringe area of the visible light spectrum. 11. Equipment as in claim 1 wherein said grid strips conform with Electrical Welding Standards with respect to their filtering effect. 12. Equipment as in claim 1 further comprising a spacing means between said first and said second filter means for reducing the friction therebetween and eliminating the wear thereof. 13. Equipment as in claim 1 wherein the width of one said grid strip and one said translucent area pair in said first and said second filter means is less than two millimeters. 14. Equipment as in claim 1 further comprising a solar cell powered by the electromagnetic radiation resulting from welding for supplying electricity to said solenoid means and said control means. 15. Equipment as in claim 1 wherein said first and said second filter means covers only the lower portion of said transparent window; and said equipment further comprises a third filter means over the upper portion of said transparent window for providing a constant translucence while work is being performed. 16. Apparatus as in claim 15 wherein said third filter means comprises: a first filter decreasing in absorption from left to right; a second filter decreasing in absorption from right to left; and means for mounting said first and said second filters so as to cover said upper portion of said transparent window, so that said first and said second filters lie one behind the other, and so that at least one of said first and said second filters can be shifted manually relative to another so as to vary the translucence of said third filter means. 