A pivotally mounted solar energy collector is maintained oriented towards the sun by creating a continuing imbalance of the collector about its pivotal axis resulting in pivotal movement of the collector to track the sun. The imbalance is achieved by regulating the flow of a pumped fluid from a container located at one side of the collector to a container located at another side of the collector. Pump, timing and energizing means are included to control the flow rate of the fluid.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar tracking system for maintaining a solar energy reflecting surface generally oriented toward the sun to reflect solar energy to a heat exchanger, said tracking system comprising in combination: a. a trough shaped solar energy reflector for reflecting solar energy to the heat exchanger, said trough having a longitudinal axis and a lateral axis; b. means for pivotally mounting said trough parallel to its longitudinal axis; c. support means extending lateral to said trough; d. a first container supported from said support means at one side of said trough for containing a liquid; e. a second container supported from said support means at another side of said trough for containing the liquid; f. conduit means for conveying the liquid intermediate said first and second containers; g. pump means for pumping the liquid through said conduit means; and h. energizing means for energizing the operation of said pump means; whereby, transfer of the liquid from one to another of said first and second containers produces an imbalance about the pivotal axis of said trough and results in pivotal movement of said trough to maintain the reflecting surface generally oriented toward the sun and continually directs solar energy upon the heat exchanger. 2. The tracking system as set forth in claim 1 wherein said trough is parabolic in cross-section. 3. The tracking system as set forth in claim 2 wherein said mounting means is set at an angle with respect to horizontal commensurate with the latitude of the location of said trough. 4. The tracking system as set forth in claim 1 including flow regulating means for regulating the flow in one direction between said first and second containers. 5. The tracking system as set forth in claim 4 including further conduit means and further pump means for establishing a return flow path of the fluid intermediate said first and second containers. 6. The tracking system as set forth in claim 5 including additional reflective surfaces disposed at the ends of said trough. 7. The tracking system as set forth in claim 5 wherein said trough is parabolic in cross-section. 8. The tracking system as set forth in claim 7 wherein said mounting means is set at an angle with respect to horizontal commensurate with the latitude of the location of said trough. 9. The tracking system as set forth in claim 8 wherein said energizing means includes timer means for initiating and terminating operation of said pump means and said further pump means. 10. The tracking system as set forth in claim 9 including an electrical switch having a state responsive to the position of one of said first and second containers for deenergizing said further pump means. 