A support for a solar cell array includes means for positioning the solar cells and limiting the relative movement of the cells. Integral rib stiffeners are provided as well as at least one integral junction box. The support further includes a perimeter skirt which may be used for connecting modules having the support to each other or to a mounting standard.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A support structure for a solar cell array comprising: an electrically nonconductive material having a top surface and a bottom surface, said top surface having a plurality of wells for receiving an individual solar cell in each well; gates providing access to succeeding and adjacent wells whereby solar cells in an array supported by said structure can be electrically connected to each other; gates providing access to terminal posts whereby a solar cell array supported by said structure can be connected to an external load; a dike around the perimeter of said top surface for containing encapsulant on the surface of said support; and said bottom surface having a plurality of longitudinally arranged rib stiffeners integral with said support structure and a plurality of laterally arranged rib stiffeners integral with said support structure, said rib stiffeners extending downwardly from said bottom surface of said support; an integral skirt extending downwardly from said bottom surface around the perimeter of said support structure; a plurality of angularly arranged rib stiffeners integral with said support structure connecting said perimeter skirt with said longitudinal support stiffeners; and, downwardly extending walls defining a junction box for electrical connectors. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein said electrically nonconductive material is a fiber reinforced plastic resin. 3. The support of claim 1 wherein the perimeter skirt has at predetermined space intervals a thickened wall portion. 4. The support of claim 3 wherein said thickened wall portion is adjacent an angular rib stiffener connecting said skirt and said longitudinal rib stiffeners. 5. The device of claim 4 wherein bolt holes are provided in the thickened wall portion of the skirt adjacent said angular rib stiffener. 6. The device of claim 3 wherein said integral stiffeners meet at a point defining a post. 7. The support of claim 6 including flanges extending outwardly from the top of said support whereby said support can be mounted via said flanges and fasteners to external mounting standards. 8. The support of claim 6 including bolt holes in said skirt at predetermined intervals and adjacent said angularly arranged rib stiffeners whereby said support structure can be mounted to another support and to an external standard by fastening means. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein a flange is provided for mounting said support to a standard. 10. The device of claim 6 wherein said flange is coextensive with the top surface of said support structure and extends outwardly at the lateral ends thereof. 11. The device of claim 1 including a second junction box integral with the bottom surface of said support structure. 12. The device of claim 11 wherein said first junction box is at one end adjacent said skirt and said second junction box is at one side adjacent said skirt. 13. A support structure for an array of solar cells comprising: An electrically nonconductive body having a top surface and a bottom surface, said top surface having a plurality of wells for receiving solar cells therein, said wells being separated by a land area thereby preventing said cells from touching each other when positioned on said support; said top surface having a dike around the perimeter thereof for receiving light transparent covering material therein; flange means coextensive with said top surface for connecting said support to standards; gates on said top surface providing electrical access between adjacent and serially located wells whereby said solar cells may be arrayed in parallel and series arrangement; gates in said surface providing electrical access from said wells to electrical terminals for connection to an electrical load; extending downwardly from said bottom surface of said support and integral therewith, a plurality of longitudinally arranged rib stiffeners; extending downwardly from said bottom surface of said support and integral therewith a plurality of laterally arranged rib stiffeners connecting and integral with said longitudinal rib stiffeners; extending downwardly along the perimeter of said bottom surface and integral therewith a perimeter skirt; a plurality of angularly arranged rib stiffeners extending downwardly from the bottom of said support structure integral with said perimeter skirt and said longitudinal rib stiffeners; a junction box at one end of said support structure and integral therewith formed by downwardly extending side walls; and a molded junction box at one side of said support structure and integral therewith formed by downwardly extending side walls. 14. In a solar cell module having a plurality of solar cells arrayed on a support structure and having a transparent covering material over said solar cell array, the improvement comprising: an electrically non-conductive rigid support structure having a top surface and a bottom surface; a plurality of wells located in said top surface for receiving each of said solar cells in said solar cell array; gates between said wells thereby permitting electrical connection between the solar cells in the solar cell array; land areas separating said wells whereby said wells serve to position said solar cells on the surface of said support and said land areas serve to prevent said solar cells from touching each other and thereby short circuiting said array; integral with said support structure and extending downwardly from said bottom surface are at least two longitudinally arranged rib stiffeners, said longitudinally arranged rib stiffeners being parallel with each other; integral with said support structure and extending downwardly from the bottom surface thereof are laterally arranged rib stiffeners interconnecting said longitudinally arranged rib stiffeners; integral with said bottom surface and extending downwardly therefrom around the perimeter is a skirt; integral with said support structure and extending downwardly therefrom is a plurality of angularly arranged rib stiffeners connecting said skirt to said longitudinal rib stiffeners; integral with said support structure and extending downwardly from said bottom surface are three walls defining together with a portion of said skirt a junction box; and, terminal means extending from said top surface to said junction box whereby said solar cell array on said surface can be electrically connected to a load. 15. The improvement of claim 14 including three additional downwardly extending integral walls defining with a portion of said skirt a second junction box. 16. The improvement of claim 15 including a thickened portion at the junction of said longitudinal, lateral and angular rib stiffeners and at the junction of said angular rib stiffeners and said skirt, said thickened portion defining posts to which covers can be fastened. 17. The improvement of claim 15 wherein said support structure is formed from a plastic resin selected from the group consisting of polyester and polyepoxide resins and wherein said resin is reinforced with fibers selected from the group consisting of glass, boron and carbon. 18. The improvement of claim 17 wherein the resin is a polyester and the fiber is glass. 