A constant illumination level control system for continuously adjusting the evel of artificial illumination in an area of controlled lighting to complement available natural illumination. A photocell sensor in combination with an input amplifier generates a voltage representative of the illumination level in the area of controlled lighting. This illumination level voltage is compared by a comparator with a reference voltage, a non-zero difference voltage output from the comparator being indicative of a change in the illumination level from a desired, preset level. The output from the comparator is applied to a solid state dimmer circuit which, by controlling the gating of a triac, regulates the electrical energy input to the artificial lighting system. In response to a non-zero difference voltage output from the comparator, the solid state dimmer circuit, in combination with the triac, adjusts the artificial illumination output to reestablish the desired, preset level of total illumination.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An illumination level control system for maintaining a predetermined level of total illumination in an area of controlled lighting comprising: a. lighting means for generating artificial illumination in the area of controlled lighting; b. a first solid state switch coupled between said lighting means and a source of alternating current power; said first solid state switch having a gate input and being operable by a gating signal applied to the gate input to electrically connect or disconnect said lighting means and the source of alternating current power; c. monitoring means for monitoring the level of illumination in the area of controlled lighting and generating an illumination level voltage corresponding thereto; d. comparing means coupled to said monitoring means for comparing the illumination level voltage from said monitoring means with a reference voltage and generating an output difference voltage corresponding to the difference between the output of said monitoring means and the reference voltage; e. a monostable multivibrator circuit coupled to the gate input to said first solid state switch for generating the gating signal operable to switch said first solid state switch into and out of the conducting state; f. a timing circuit coupled between said comparing means and said monostable multivibrator circuit operable to establish the external time constant of said monostable multivibrator circuit; g. a triggering circuit coupled between said monostable multivibrator and the source of alternating current power for triggering said monostable multivibrator; h. said timing circuit in combination with said triggering circuit being operable to control the gating signal from said monostable multivibrator and, thereby, regulate the amount of power supplied to said lighting means. 2. The system as recited in claim 1 wherein said comparing means comprises: a. an operational amplifier (A2) having inverting and noninverting inputs and an output which comprises the difference voltage output of said comparing means; and b. a potentiometer coupled to the noninverting input to said operational amplifier for establishing the reference voltage input to said comparator; c. said inverting input to said operational amplifier being coupled to said monitoring means to receive the illumination level voltage from said monitoring means. 3. The system as recited in claim 2 wherein said timing circuit comprises: a. a capacitor (C4); b. a transistor (Q3) having a base coupled to said capacitor (C4); c. a bias control circuit coupled to said capacitor (C4) being operable by the output difference voltage from said comparator to control the charging or discharging of said capacitor (C4) and, thereby, the bias point of said transistor (Q3); and d. an RC network coupled between said transistor (Q3) and said monostable multivibrator such that said RC network in combination with said transistor (Q3) determines the external time constant of said monostable multivibrator; e. said bias control circuit in combination with said capacitor (C4) being operable to control the level of conduction of said transistor (Q3) and, thereby, the external time constant of said monostable multivibrator. 4. The system as recited in claim 3 wherein said bias control circuit comprises: a. A transistor Q1 having a base coupled through a diode (D2) to the output of said operational amplifier (A2) and a collector coupled through a diode (D4) to said capacitor (C4); b. a transistor (Q2) having a base coupled through a diode (D3) to the output of said operational amplifier (A2) and a collector coupled through a diode (D5) to said capacitor (C4); c. said transistor (Q1) being operable by a positive output difference voltage appearing at the output of said operational amplifier (A2) to establish a discharge path for said capacitor (C4); and said transistor (Q2) being operable by a negative output difference voltage appearing at the output of said operational amplifier (A2) to establish a charging path for said capacitor (C4). 5. The system as recited in claim 4 wherein said triggering circuit comprises: a. a pair of transistors (Q4) and (Q5); and b. first and second differentiating networks; c. said transistor (Q4) having a base coupled to receive an alternating current input from the source of alternating current power to said lighting means and a collector coupled both through said first differentiating network to a base of said transistor (Q5) and through said second differentiating network to the trigger input to said monostable multivibrator; d. said transistor (Q5) having a collector coupled to the trigger input to said monostable multivibrator; e. said triggering circuit being operable to trigger said monostable multivibrator at each zero crossing (0 and 180 electrical degrees) of the alternating current input. 6. The system as recited in claim 5 further comprising: a. a third differentiating network coupled to the output of said monostable multivibrator; b. a pulse transforming network coupled between said third differentiating network and the gate input to said first solid state switch; c. said third differentiating network in combination with said pulse transforming network being operable to apply a gating signal comprised of gating voltage spikes to the gate input to said first solid state switch; the gating voltage spikes corresponding in time to the trailing edges of the output square wave from said monostable multivibrator, thereby switching said solid state switch on to conduction for a portion of each half-cycle of alternating current from the source of alternating current power. 7. The system as recited in claim 4 further comprising calibrating means coupled between said comparing means and said timing circuit for manually establishing, in combination with said potentiometer, the level of illumination to be maintained in an area of controlled lighting. 8. The system as recited in claim 7 wherein said lighting means comprises a plurality of flourescent lamps. 9. The system as recited in claim 8 further comprising cathode power control means for interrupting power to the hot cathode elements of those flourescent lamps dimmed off by the operation of said illumination level control system. 10. The system as recited in claim 9 wherein said cathode power control means comprises: a. voltage sensing means for sensing the voltage on said capacitor (C4) and generating an interrupt signal indicative of a voltage level on said capacitor (C4) corresponding to the dimming of said flourescent lamps; b. a second solid state switch coupled between the hot cathode elements of said flourescent lamps and a source of power; said second solid state switch having a gate input and being operable by a gating signal applied to the gate input to electrically connect or disconnect said hot cathode elements and the power source; and c. gating means coupled to the gate input to said second solid state switch for generating the gating signal operable to switch said second solid state switch into and out of the conducting state; d. said gating means being responsive to the interrupt signal from said voltage sensing means to switch said second solid state switch out of conduction while said flourescent lamps are dimmed off; thereby interrupting the power flow to the hot cathode elements of said flourescent lamps. 11. The system as recited in claim 10 wherein said gating means comprises: a. a unijunction transistor (UJT1); b. an RC relaxation network coupled to the emitter of said unijunction transistor (UJT1); c. said unijunction transistor (UJT1) in combination with said RC relaxation network comprising a relaxation oscillator which generates a train of output voltage pulses at a frequency determined by said RC relaxation network; and d. a transistor (Q10) having a base coupled to receive the output voltage pulses from said unijunction transistor (UJT1) and a collector coupled to the gate of said second solid state switch; e. said unijunction transistor (UJT1) in combination with said transistor (Q10) generating the gating signal for said second solid state switch, the gating signal comprising a train of voltage pulses at a frequency such that said second solid state switch is continuously conducting during the time the gating signal is applied to the gate input to said second solid state switch. 12. The system as recited in claim 11 wherein said voltage sensing means comprises: a. a pair of transistors (Q7 and Q8) comprising a schmitt trigger; said schmitt trigger having an input comprising the base of said transistor (Q7) and an output comprising the collector of transistor (Q8); b. the triggering point at which the output of said schmitt trigger switches from a low to a high state being established at that voltage level on said capacitor (C4) corresponding to the dimming off of said flourescent lamps; and c. a transistor (Q9) having a base coupled to the output of said schmitt trigger and a collector coupled to the base of said transistor (Q10); said transistor (Q9) being switched from a non-conducting to a conducting state when the output of said schmitt trigger switches to a high state, grounding the collector of said transistor (Q9) and, thereby, generating the interrupt signal output of said voltage sensing means; d. said transistor (Q10) being operable by said interrupt signal to interrupt the gating signal input to said second solid state switch, thereby switching said second solid state switch to the non-conducting state and interrupting the power flow to the hot cathode elements of said flourescent lamps. 13. The system as recited in claim 10 wherein each of said first and second solid state switches comprises a triac. 14. The system as recited in claim 13 wherein said monitoring means includes a photovoltaic device. 