A solar energy collector providing both concentrating-tracking functions and non-concentrating diffuse absorption functions in a single unit. The solar energy collector and process may provide both a higher temperature heat transfer fluid and a lower temperature heat transfer fluid for utilization in various processes, such as air conditioning, which may advantageously utilize thermal energy of two different temperatures. The solar energy thermal collector and process of this invention provides a high temperature thermal output in combination with a simplified tracking capability.
Claims I claim: 1. A multimode solar energy collector comprising: a transparent tubular body portion having end closures sealing each end of said body portion providing a fluid-tight cavity within the tube, a concentrator-reflector within and in fixed relation to the tube, a focal-line solar energy absorber in the focus of said concentrator-reflector, a high temperature fluid conduit in thermal exchange relation with said focal-line solar energy absorber, a diffuse solar energy absorber within the tube in the path of reflected or diffuse solar radiation, a low temperature fluid conduit in thermal exchange relation with said diffuse solar energy absorber, heat exchange fluid in said conduits and means for introducing and withdrawing the heat exchange fluid from said collector, said concentrator-reflector being in the path of direct solar radiation and focusing said direct radiation to said focal-line absorber and said diffuse absorber being in the path of reflected or diffuse solar radiation. 2. The multimode solar energy collector of claim 1 wherein said cavity is evacuated to about 10.sup.-3 mm to about 10.sup.-8 mm of mercury. 3. The multimode solar energy collector of claim 1 wherein said cavity is evacuated to about 10.sup.-4 mm to about 10.sup.-6 mm of mercury. 4. The multimode solar energy collector of claim 1 wherein said focal-line solar energy absorber is coated with a selective coating enhancing absorption of solar energy of the wavelengths received by said focal line absorber. 5. The multimode solar energy collector of claim 1 wherein said concentrator-reflector, diffuse solar energy absorber and low temperature fluid conduits comprise a single concentrator-absorber unit. 6. A multimode solar energy collector assembly comprising: a series of parallel multimode solar energy collectors comprising; a transparent tubular body portion having end closures sealing each end of said body portion providing a fluid-tight cavity within the tube, a concentrator-reflector within and in fixed relation to the tube, a focal-line solar energy absorber in the focus of said concentrator-reflector, a high temperature fluid conduit in thermal exchange relation with said focal-line solar energy absorber, and a diffuse solar energy absorber within the tube in the path of reflected or diffuse solar radiation, a low temperature fluid conduit in thermal exchange relation with said diffuse solar energy absorber, heat exchange fluid in said conduits and means for introducing and withdrawing the heat exchange fluid from said collector, said concentrator-reflector being in the path of direct solar radiation and focusing said direct radiation to said focal-line absorber and said diffuse absorber being in the path of reflected or diffuse solar radiation; a collector mounting means for rotably mounting said collectors; motor means providing tracking-rotation of said collectors; and a reflective backing surface below said collectors reflecting solar radiation upward toward said collectors. 7. The multimode solar energy collector assembly of claim 6 wherein said cavities are evacuated to about 10.sup.-3 mm to about 10.sup.-8 mm mercury. 8. The multimode solar energy collector assembly of claim 7 wherein said reflective backing surface comprises contoured surfaces directing reflectance to the plate absorbers. 9. A process for multimode solar energy absorption comprising; passing high temperature heat exchange fluid in thermal exchange relation with a focal-line solar energy absorber, said focal-line absorber being in the focus of a concentrator-reflector both in a fluid-tight cavity within a transparent tube, placing said concentrator-reflector in the path of direct solar radiation focusing said direct solar radiation to said focal-line absorber and passing low temperature heat exchange fluid in thermal exchange relation with a diffuse solar absorber within said cavity, diffuse solar radiation being reflected to said diffuse absorber. 10. The process of claim 9 wherein said high temperature heat exchange fluid is heated to a temperature of above about 300.degree. F. 11. The process of claim 10 wherein said high temperature heat exchange fluid is heated to a temperature of about 350.degree. to 550.degree. F. 12. The process of claim 9 wherein said low temperature fluid reaches a temperature of about 150.degree. to 250.degree. F. 13. The process of claim 9 wherein said low temperature fluid is first heated by said diffuse absorber and then passed to said focal-line absorber as heat exchange fluid. 