A solar energy assembly is disclosed comprising at least one hermetically sealed envelope in which a trough-shaped radiation collector having a reflective surface is disposed so as to receive incident solar radiation through the wall of said envelope. Radiation conversion means comprising at least one solar cell is positioned inside the trough to receive radiation concentrated by the collector. The collector and the radiation conversion means may be formed as a unit for joint positioning inside the envelope. Means may be provided for orienting the envelope toward the sun and a cooling fluid may be circulated through the envelope in order to maintain the temperature below a suitable level.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy assembly comprising, in combination: at least one hermetically sealed tubular envelope; said envelope including a center axis and a wall adapted to pass incident solar radiation to the interior of said envelope; a radiation collector disposed inside said envelope and adapted to concentrate said solar radiation received through sais wall, said collector having a configuration at least partially defining an elongated trough open to said incident radiation and extending substantially parallel to said center axis; radiation conversion means positioned inside said envelope to receive said concentrated radiation, said radiation conversion means including at least one solar cell adapted to provide a current in response to said concentrated radiation; means for electrically connecting said radiation conversion means to the exterior of said hermetically sealed envelope; and means, including at least two mounting elements, for supporting at least said radiation collector within said tube positionally invariant relative to said envelope, each of said mounting elements at least partially encircling said trough, at least the bottom of said trough being secured to said mounting means. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said radiation conversion means, said collector and said mounting elements are fixedly secured together to form a unit capable of being jointly positioned within said tube. 3. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein each of said mounting elements comprises a disk including an aperture, opposite ends of said radiation conversion means extending through said apertures and being secured therein. 4. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said mounting elements comprise a plurality of yokes spaced along the length of said tube and adapted to receive said trough therein. 5. A solar energy assembly comprising, in combination: at least one hermetically sealed envelope; said envelope including a wall adapted to pass incident solar radiation to the interior of said envelope; a radiation collector disposed inside said envelope adapted to concentrate said solar radiation received through said wall; radiation conversion means positioned inside said envelope to receive said concentrated radiation, said radiation conversion means including at least one solar cell adapted to provide a current in response to said concentrated radiation; means for electrically connecting said radiation conversion means to the exterior of said hermetically sealed envelope; and conduit means extending through said envelope for supporting said radiation conversion means and for conducting a cooling fluid through said envelope. 6. Apparatus according to claim 5 wherein said conduit means comprises a hollow conduit adapted for the passage of said fluid therethrough, said conduit being heat-conductive. 7. Apparatus according to claim 6 wherein said conduit means includes a hollow, heat-conductive conduit for circulating a cooling liquid through said envelope, at least a portion of said conduit having a substantially rectangular cross-section including a flat external surface, said radiation conversion means being supported by said conduit in contact with said flat surface. 8. Apparatus according to claim 6 wherein said conduit means includes a hollow, heat-conductive conduit of substantially circular cross-section for circulating a cooling liquid through said tube, said radiation conversion means being secured to the outside of said conduit. 9. Apparatus according to claim 8 wherein said radiation conversion means includes a heat-conductive substrate supported on said conduit, said solar cell being positioned on said substrate. 