Solar heat exchange panel manufactured by a high speed rotogravure or heat sealing process wherein two elongated sheets of flexible plastic film are laminated together along lines defining inlet and outlet manifolds and a plurality of flow passages. The manifolds extend substantially the entire length of the sheets, and the flow passageways are arranged in groups to form individual heat exchanger sections which are served by the manifold. Mounting loops are provided along the lateral edges of the panel and adapted for receiving elongated rods by which the panel can be tethered or secured to another such panel.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a solar heat exchange panel: first and second elongated, superposed sheets of flexible material joined together along predetermined lines to form longitudinally extending inlet and outlet manifolds for receiving and discharging a circulating fluid, each of said manifolds extending substantially the entire length of the sheets, said sheets being joined together along additional lines intermediate the predetermined lines to form a plurality of separate heat exchanger sections spaced longitudinally of the sheets, each of said heat exchanger sections having a plurality of of parallel flow passageways in fluid communication with the inlet and outlet manifolds, a layer of flexible solar energy absorbant material laminated to the first sheet, and a layer of flexible thermally insulative material laminated to the second sheet. 2. The solar heat exchange panel of claim 1 further including first and second additional sheets of flexible material overlying the first sheet and secured peripherally thereto to form a first thermally insulative chamber adjacent to the flow passageways and a second insulative chamber between the additional sheets. 3. The heat exchange panel of claim 1 wherein the first and second sheets are joined together toward their lateral edges to form a plurality of longitudinally spaced apart mounting loops along each of the lateral edges. 4. The heat exchange panel of claim 1 wherein the sheets are joined together to form inlet and outlet plenum chambers extending laterally of the sheets between the heat exchanger sections, said plenum chambers providing communication between respective ones of the inlet and outlet manifolds and opposite ends of the passageways in the heat exchanger sections. 5. In a solar heat exchange panel, first and second elongated, superposed sheets of flexible material joined together along predetermined lines to form laterally spaced inlet and outlet manifolds extending substantially the entire length of the sheets for receiving and discharging a circulating fluid, a plurality of flow barriers extending laterally between the manifolds and dividing the sheets into a plurality of longitudinally spaced heat exchanger sections having a predetermined recurrent pattern of flow passageways, and means connecting the flow passageways of the heat exchanger sections in fluid communication with the inlet and outlet manifolds. 6. The heat exchange panel of claim 5 wherein the lateral margins of the sheets are joined together and cut away to form a plurality of longitudinally spaced apart mounting loops along one lateral edge of the panel. 7. In a solar heat exchange panel, first and second elongated, superposed sheets of flexible material joined together along predetermined lines to form, laterally spaced inlet and outlet manifolds extending substantially the entire length of the sheets for receiving and discharging a circulating fluid, a plurality of heat exchanger sections spaced longitudinally along the sheets, each of said sections comprising a plurality of generally parallel flow passageways, and inlet and outlet plenum chambers extending laterally of the sheets between the heat exchanger sections, the inlet plenum chambers communicating with the inlet manifold and with inlet ends of the passageways in the heat exchanger sections, and the outlet plenum chambers communicating with the outlet manifold and with outlet ends of the passageways. 8. In a solar heat exchange panel: first and second elongated, superposed sheets of flexible material joined together along predetermined lines to form inlet and outlet manifolds and flow passageways communicating with the manifolds, and a plurality of mounting loops spaced longitudinally apart along each of the lateral margins of the panel, the loops along one margin being longitudinally offset from the loops along the other margin whereby the loops along one edge of the panel can be interposed between the loops along the confronting edge of a second panel of similar character and the panels can be interlocked by a rod inserted through the interposed loops. 9. In a solar heat exchange panel, first and second elongated, superposed sheets of flexible material joined together along predetermined lines to form laterally spaced inlet and outlet manifolds extending substantially the entire length of the sheets for receiving and discharging a circulating fluid, a plurality of similar heat exchanger sections spaced longitudinally along the sheets, each of said sections comprising a plurality of longitudinally extending flow passageways, and inlet and outlet plenum chambers extending laterally of the sheets between the heat exchanger sections and communicating with the inlet and outlet manifolds and the passageways in the sections. 