A solid-state control system for the control of a collector array, the system incorporating a sun-tracking mode, de-focusing at excessive temperatures, returning to a stand-by position after sunset, and prepositioning at sunrise.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A sun-tracking system for controlling the position of one or more solar collectors comprising: motor means for moving one or more solar collectors in unison to follow the sun, a control system for said motor means comprising a pair of light sensitive photo diodes for mounting on the solar collector, said diodes being isolated from each other such that when one of said diodes is directionally aligned with the sun the associated collector is directed toward the sun, the other of said diodes being directly aligned with the sun when the associated collector is in a non-aligning position with the sun, first and second directional sensing amplifiers connected to receive output signals from said first and second diodes, respectively, a night shut-down amplifier, a pre-positioning amplifier, a summing amplifier having a plurality of input terminals for receiving positive or negative output signals from said first and second directional sensing amplifier, said night shut-down amplifier and said pre-positioning amplifier and generating an output signal at an output terminal in response thereto, an inverting amplifier circuit and a non-inverting amplifier circuit, the output of said summing amplifier being connected to said inverting amplifier and to said non-inverting amplifier, a pair of motion limit control circuits having input terminals one connected to an output terminal of each of said inverting amplifier circuit and said non-inverting amplifier circuit for energizing either depending on the polarity of the output of said summing amplifier, a directional relay driver connected to an output terminal of said inverting amplifier circuit, a first motor control circuit for causing said motor means connected to said inverting amplifier circuit to rotate in a given direction when said inverting amplifier circuit generates a given output signal, said non-inverting amplifier when generating a given output signal energizing said motor means causing said motor means to rotate in a reverse direction, the output terminals of said pair of motion limit control means being connected to said motor means for controlling said motor means to cause movement of the associated collector in opposing directions, said night shut-down amplifier energizing said pre-positioning amplifier when a signal representing lack of sun rays is sensed, said pre-positioning amplifier actuating said summing amplifier to energize said motor means to rotate the associated collectors in said reverse direction to a given position for receiving the morning sun rays the following day. 2. The sun-tracking system set forth in claim 1 wherein: said diodes are oppositely polarized. 3. The sun-tracking system set forth in claim 1 wherein: said diodes further comprise a second pair of diodes, one positioned laterally of each of said diodes for sensing light sources located at points other than direct alignment with the sun. 4. The sun-tracking system set forth in claim 3 in further combination with: an analog comparator connected to receive signals from said diodes and said pair of diodes for providing resulting signals to said summing amplifier. 5. The sun-tracking system set forth in claim 1 wherein: said non-inverting amplifier and said inverting amplifier are energized by opposite polarity signals. 6. The sun-tracking system set forth in claim 5 wherein: said non-inverting amplifier is actuated by a negative input signal in excess of a given value, and said inverting amplifier is actuated by a positive input signal. 7. The sun-tracking system set forth in claim 1 in further combination with: a high-temperature defocusing means connectable to the collectors for sensing the heat generated thereby and at a given temperature generating a signal which is transmitted to one of the motion limit control circuits for causing the motor means to move the collector out of alignment with the sun's rays. 8. The sun-tracking system set forth in claim 7 wherein: said night shut-down amplifier is further connected to said pre-positioning amplifier to actuate said pre-positioning amplifier to cause said motor means to move the collectors out of alignment with the sun's rays. 9. The sun-tracking system set forth in claim 1 in further combination with: pump signal means connected to said one of said motion limit control circuits causing reverse movement of the collector for energizing it when a predetermined signal is received. 