A solar collector comprised of a frame and a plurality of tubular collector elements. Each collector element is comprised of an outer transparent tube, a metallic absorber tube, and an intermediate transparent tube which encloses the absorber tube. The absorber tube is coated with an absorptive coating and the outer tube is coated over a significant portion of its circumference with a reflective coating to reflect solar radiation onto the absorber tube. The intermediate tube serves to reduce convective and conductive heat losses, provides a structural support for the absorber tube, and chemically isolates the coated absorber tube from the reflective coating on the outer tube.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar collector including a housing, a plurality of tubular collector assemblies mounted within said housing, and means for flowing a liquid to be heated through said collector assemblies, each of said collector assemblies comprising, an elongated transparent cylindrical outer tube, an elongated transparent cylindrical inner tube having a diameter substantially smaller than the diameter of said outer tube, means mounting said inner tube within said outer tube in eccentric relation therewith, and an elongated metallic absorber tube mounted within and extending through said inner transparent tube, said outer tube having a reflective coating on its inner surface throughout substantially its full length and extending no more than about halfway therearound, the ratio of the diameter of the inner transparent tube to that of the absorber tube being much smaller than the ratio of the diameter of the outer transparent tube to the diameter of the inner transparent tube. 2. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein said absorber tube has an absorptive coating around its entire circumference. 3. The solar collector of claim 2 wherein said outer and inner transparent tubes are made of glass and said absorber tube is made of copper. 4. The solar collector of claim 3 wherein said copper tube is compressed so as to have an approximately elliptical cross section along at least the major portion of its length. 5. The solar collector of claim 4 further comprising spacer means positioned between said absorber and inner transparent tubes. 6. A solar collector including a housing, a plurality of tubular collector assemblies mounted within said housing, and means for flowing a liquid to be heated through said collector assemblies, each of said collector assemblies comprising, an elongated transparent cylindrical outer tube, an elongated transparent cylindrical inner tube having a diameter substantially smaller than the diameter of said outer tube, means mounting said inner tube within said outer tube in eccentric relation therewith, and an elongated metallic absorber tube mounted within and extending through said inner transparent tube, said outer tube having a reflective coating on its inner surface throughout substantially its full length and extending no more than about halfway around the circumference of the tube, said absorber tube being compressed so as to have an approximately elliptical cross-section along at least the major portion of its length, and being oriented so that the major axis of said elliptical cross-section if extended intersects said reflective coating at approximately the middle of the circumferential extent of said coating. 7. A solar collector including a housing, a plurality of tubular collector assemblies mounted within said housing, and means for flowing a liquid to be heated through said collector assemblies, each of said collector assemblies comprising, an elongated transparent cylindrical outer tube, an elongated transparent cylindrical inner tube having a diameter substantially smaller than the diameter of said outer tube, means mounting said innter tube within said outer tube in eccentric relation therewith, and an elongated metallic absorber tube mounted within and extending through said inner transparent tube, said outer tuber having a reflective coating on its inner surface throughout substantially its full length and extending no more than about halfway therearound, the ratio of the diameter of the inner transparent tube to that of the absorber tube being substantially less than the ratio of the diameter of the outer transparent tube to the diameter of the inner transparent tube, said outer transparent tube being closed at each end by a metallic end cap which is secured to said tube by a rigid seal, each said end cap having a hole therein, and said inner transparent tube having its opposed ends extending one through each of said holes and being secured to said end caps by a rigid seal, said absorber tube extending through said inner transparent tube and being secured to said inner transparent tube at respective ends thereof by a resilient seal, whereby said absorber tube can expand and contract with changes in temperature without causing mechanical damage to said collector. 8. The solar collector of claim 7 wherein said rigid seals are formed from an epoxy cement and said resilient seal is formed from a silicone rubber. 