An elongate roofing panel for assembly on a support structure with a plurality of like panels to form a roof covering. The panel has a first elongate edge adapted to be fixed to the support structure; and a second elongate edge opposite to the first elongate edge, adapted to engage the first elongate edge of an adjacent panel to restrain the second edge against movement normal to the plane of the panel. The elongate edges are formed as respective first and second beam elements projecting on opposite sides of the panel for supporting the panel on the support structure, and the panel is formed with ribs spanning transversely between the beam elements for transmitting thereto the load of the panel. Ideally the panel also serves as a solar heating panel, the ribs defining transverse ducts in which a fluid is heated as it is conveyed across the panel from an entry to an exit duct, these latter extending longitudinally from one end of the panel to the other.
Claims I claim: 1. In a roof structure of the type described, the combination of a roof support structure; a plurality of interlocking elongated roofing panels mounted on said support structure to form a roof covering, each of said panels comprising an elongated sheet having a first elongated edge, a second elongated edge spaced from and opposite to said first edge, the panel being secured to the support structure only along said first elongated edge, first and second load-bearing beam elements which extend continuously along the length of the panel and support the panel on the support structure and are formed by elongated portions of said sheet of bent configuration adjacent said first and second edges respectively, said first beam element being disposed generally above the sheet and said second beam element being disposed generally below the sheet, a plurality of ribs spanning transversely between said beam elements for transmitting the load of the panel thereto, the first beam element supporting said second elongated edge of the next adjacent panel, and the second beam element constituting a cover element which overlaps the first beam element of the next adjacent panel and engages the same continuously along its entire length so as to at least partially conceal the first beam element and restrain said second elongated edge against movements in a direction normal to the plane of the panel. 2. The combination defined in claim 1 wherein in respect of each roofing panel the first beam element is formed with an elongate recess for mating with one or more mounting brackets for fixing the panel, and with an engagement channel, the second beam element having a projection shaped to engage in said engagement channel. 3. The combination defined in claim 2 wherein in respect of each roofing panel the first beam element is substantially S-shaped in cross-section having three spaced, parallel walls defining said recess and engagement channel, the projection comprising an engagement lip carried at the lower edge of a depending flange forming the second beam element. 4. The combination defined in claim 3 wherein in respect of each roofing panel one of the walls defining the first channel is formed with a locking rib for retaining the engagement lip stressed within the first channel. 5. The combination defined in claim 1 wherein in respect of each roofing panel the first beam element comprises an upstanding flange with an intermediate dovetail section channel forming an elongate recess to mate with a complementary shaped key member on a mounting bracket, and the second beam element comprises a depending flange formed at its lower edge with a projection for engaging said upstanding flange. 6. The combination defined in claim 1 wherein in respect of each roofing panel the first beam element comprises an upstanding flange having an intermediate U-section channel, and the second beam element comprises a depending flange shaped to bear against the outer surface of the U-section channel and provided at its lower edge with a projection for engaging the upstanding flange. 7. The combination defined in claim 1 wherein each panel is formed of a composite sheet material having a relatively hard outer skin, and a core of cellular thermally insulative material. 8. The combination defined in claim 1 wherein at least one of said beam elements of each roofing panel is formed with ventilation apertures. 9. The combination according to claim 8 wherein in respect of each roofing panel each beam element has ventilation apertures, so positioned as to communicate with the apertures of the other beam element of the adjacent panel. 10. The combination defined in claim 6 wherein said upstanding flange of each roofing panel is formed with a row of ventilation slots beneath the U-section channel. 11. The combination defined in claim 1, wherein at least one of the panels is adapted to function as a solar heating panel and comprises lining means fixed beneath a central portion of the elongated sheet between said first and second beam elements and cooperating with said central portion to define passageways to conduct through the panel a fluid heat transfer medium, and also forming fluid entry and exit ducts communicating with said passageways, the combination further comprising means for supplying heat transfer fluid to said entry duct, means for conducting heat transfer fluid from said exit duct, and means for deriving energy from the fluid conducted from the exit duct. 12. The combination defined in claim 11 wherein each of the at least one of the panels includes a transparent cover sheet overlying the part of the panel provided with said ribs and spaced therefrom. 13. The combination defined in claim 11, in which the fluid supplied to the panel is air. 14. The combination defined in claim 11, wherein said fluid entry and exit ducts are mutually parallel, extend longitudinally of the elongated panel, and are spaced transversely thereof; said passageways including portions defined by cooperation of said lining means and said ribs. 15. The combination defined in clam 14 wherein each of the at least one of the panels includes a transparent cover sheet overlying the part of the panel provided with said ribs and spaced therefrom. 