A fixedly supported, low cost solar energy collecting device having an elliptical solar reflector is provided which is capable of efficiently collecting and concentrating solar energy during all seasons and sun declinations notwithstanding complete elimination of mechanism for shifting the reflector to follow the sun's path. The collector includes an elongated, trough-like reflector which substantially coincides with a section of a focal end surface of an imaginary elliptical cylinder, with a heat exchange fluid tube positioned along the adjacent focal line of the imaginary elliptical cylinder; in this fashion, solar rays passing through or parallel to the remaining focal line of the imaginary cylinder and striking the reflector are focused onto the heat exchange tube, so that solar energy collection is concentrated without the necessity of precisely orienting the reflector relative to the sun. In preferred forms, a plurality of juxtaposed reflector units are provided in the collection device, with the reflector focal lines being positioned along a geographic east-to-west line and at an angle of elevation equal to the latitude of the collector's position on the earth.
Claims Having thus described the invention, what is claimed as new and desired to be secured by Letters Patent is: 1. A solar energy collection device, comprising: an elongated, trough-like elliptical reflector having the concave surface thereof reflectorized and which substantially coincides with a section of a focal end surface of an imaginary elliptical cylinder, said cylinder presenting and being defined in part by a pair of elongated, spaced focal lines; elongated, solar energy-receiving means adapted to receive and utilize solar energy; means mounting said solar energy-receiving means in spaced relationship to said concave reflectorized surface and substantially along the elongated focal line of said imaginary elliptical cylinder adjacent said focal end surface for maximum focusing of solar energy from the reflector onto said solar energy-receiving means; solar energy-conveying cover means disposed over said solar energy-receiving means and the open end of said reflector; and structure supporting said reflector and solar energy-receiving means for passage of at least certain of the sun's rays through or parallel to the remaining focal line of said cylinder and onto said reflectorized surface, in order to reflect and focus said rays onto said solar energy-receiving means. 2. A solar energy collection device, comprising: an elongated, trough-like elliptical reflector having the concave surface thereof reflectorized and which substantially coincides with a section of a focal end surface of an imaginary elliptical cylinder, said cylinder presenting and being defined in part by a pair of elongated, spaced focal lines; elongated, fluid-conveying tubular means adapted to receive a heat-exchange fluid; means mounting said tubular means in spaced relationship to said concave reflectorized surface and substantially along the elongated focal line of said imaginary elliptical cylinder adjacent said focal end surface for maximum focusing of solar energy from the reflector onto said tubular means; solar energy-conveying cover means disposed over said tubular means and the open end of said reflector; and structure supporting said reflector and tubular means for passage of at least certain of the sun's rays through or parallel to the remaining focal line of said cylinder and onto said reflectorized surface, in order to reflect and focus said rays onto said tubular means. 3. The solar energy collection device as set forth in claim 2 wherein said reflector is configured such that a plane extending transversely across the open end thereof is disposed between the focal lines of said imaginary elliptical cylinder. 4. The solar energy collection device as set forth in claim 2 wherein said reflector is configured such that a plane extending transversely cross the open end of said reflector is substantially parallel with the minor plane of said imaginary elliptical cylinder. 5. The solar energy collection device as set forth in claim 2 wherein said structure is constructed for supporting said reflector such that the minor plane of said imaginary elliptical cylinder is at an angle of elevation substantially equal to the latitude of the location of the reflector on the earth's surface. 6. The solar energy collection device as set forth in claim 2 wherein said structure is constructed for supporting said reflector such that the major plane of said imaginary elliptical cylinder is disposed at an angle of elevation substantially equal to the declination angle of the sun at the equinox. 7. The solar energy collection device as set forth in claim 2 wherein said structure is constructed for supporting said reflector with the focal line thereof extending approximately on a geographic east-to-west line. 8. The solar energy collection device as set forth in claim 2 wherein the ratio of the minor semi-axis to the major semi-axis of said imaginary elliptical cylinder is from about 0.70 to 0.87. 9. The solar energy collection device as set forth in claim 1 wherein said reflector is configured such that said focal line and tubular means are within the confines of the reflector. 10. The solar energy collection device as set forth in claim 9 wherein said cover means comprises a pane of transparent material in covering disposition to the open end of said reflector. 11. The solar energy collection device as set forth in claim 2 including a plurality of identical reflectors disposed in side-by-side relationship, each of said reflectors having a corresponding tubular means and cover means. 