A solar cell module consisting of a solar cell panel and a frame therefor is disclosed. The solar cell panel is formed from a hard, light transparent sheet material which preferably is glass and has arrayed on the bottom surface of the glass a plurality of individual solar cells interconnected in the requisite series and/or parallel circuit arrangement. The cells are bonded permanently to the underside of the panel by suitable bonding means such as a silicon adhesive. The rear surface of the solar cells and glass is covered with a suitable material, preferably with a light transparent elastomer, to protect the cells from the elements, thereby preventing corrosion of the electrical contacts. The frame extends around the perimeter of the solar panel and has at least one top flange that is essentially coplanar with the solar panel for supporting engagement with a setting strip of resilient material. The setting strip has parts embracing the flange and the marginal edge of the solar cell panel.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell module comprising: a rigid, light transparent sheet having a top surface and a bottom surface; a plurality of silicon solar cells arrayed on the bottom surface of said sheet and bonded thereto by a silicon encapsulant; a junction box bonded to the bottom surface of said sheet; interconnecting means operatively interconnecting said silicon solar cells and terminating in said junction box; a rigid frame extending around the perimeter of said sheet for supporting said sheet, said frame having at least one flange extending inwardly, said inwardly extending flange being essentially coplanar with said sheet for supporting engagement with a setting strip and a setting strip of resilient material interconnecting said sheet and said frame, said setting strip having parts embracing the flange and marginal edge of said sheet. 2. The solar cell module of claim 1 wherein said frame has top and bottom inwardly extending flanges, said top flange being in essentially coplanar relation with said sheet for supporting engagement with the setting strip. 3. The solar cell module of claim 2 wherein the frame is substantially U-shaped in cross-section. 4. The solar cell module of claim 3 wherein said rigid light-transparent sheet is glass. 5. The solar cell module of claim 4 wherein an output connector is operatively connected via an output cable to the junction box of said module and said output connector is mounted on said bottom flange of said frame, thereby providing strain relief between said junction box and said output connector. 6. The solar cell module of claim 4 wherein there is included a mounting bracket extending inwardly from the said frame and to which an output connector is mounted, said output connector being operatively connected to said junction box whereby strain relief is provided between said junction box and said output connector. 7. The module of claim 4 wherein said module includes an air permeable protective sheet backing member bonded to and extending from said lower flange of said frame. 8. The module of claim 7 wherein said protective member is selected from the group consisting of wire mesh, wire screen, and perforated plates. 9. The module of claim 4 wherein said module includes an integral protective backing member. 10. The module of claim 9 wherein said protective member is selected from the group consisting of wire mesh, wire screen, and perforated plates. 11. In a solar cell module having a light-transparent rigid panel on the bottom surface of which is mounted an array of interconnected solar cells, the improvement comprising: a frame for supporting said panel, said frame having a vertical side and an inwardly extending horizontal flange, said flange being essentially coplanar with said panel; a resilient material for joining adjacent edges of the panel and said frame, said resilient material having arms extending outwardly for embracing said inwardly extending flange of said frame and the perimeter of said support panel when they are in essentially coplanar position so as to hold said frame and said panel firmly. 12. The improvement of claim 11 wherein said setting strip has a longitudinal opening or channel in the body portion thereof and wherein the width of said setting strip is wider than the distance between the said flange of said frame and the perimeter of said panel when placed in essentially coplanar relationship, thereby holding the solar panel in the frame firmly. 