A system for extracting energy from the sun's rays including a bank of solar energy cells which generate electrical current when exposed to the rays of the sun, immersed in a bath of liquid formed to serve as a lens, concentrating the sun rays on the cells, and transmitting heat away from the cells. The cells are shaped so as to cause a trapping effect of radiation incident thereon. The improved solar converting unit additionally includes a method for preheating the interior thereof. The converting unit is preferably equipped with light gathering and focusing means thereby providing coherent optically output.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Solar radiation converting apparatus comprising solar radiation responsive means for transforming incident radiation into another energy form, a pair of spaced transparent housing members with complimentary curved surface, said members defining a fluid tight volume with said radiation responsive means within said volume, and means for circulating fluid into, through, and out said volume so that said solar radiation responsive means are cooled and said fluid is heated. 2. Apparatus as recited in claim 1 wherein said solar radiation responsive means comprise a central support, a plurality of surfaces extending generally radially outwardly from the central support, and means for detachably mounting said central support within said volume. 3. Apparatus as recited in claim 2 wherein said surfaces each comprise photovoltalic material. 4. Apparatus as recited in claim 3 wherein said surfaces are corrugated. 5. Apparatus as recited in claim 2 wherein said surfaces each comprise thermo-electric material. 6. Apparatus as recited in claim 5 wherein said surfaces are corrugated. 7. Apparatus as recited in claim 1 wherein accessory heating means disposed within said volume in heat-transferring relationship with fluid within said volume. 8. Apparatus for conversion of solar radiaion, comprising a solar radiation responsive surface for transforming incident radiation into solar energy form, and means attached to said surface for polarizing and magnifying radiation incident upon said means, and transmitting coherent polarized, magnified radiation to said surface. 9. Apparatus as recited in claim 8 wherein said means attached to said surface comprise a plurality of radiation confucting fibers extending outwardly from said surface. 10. Apparatus as recited in claim 9 wherein each fiber has one end thereof attached to said surface and a free end thereof remote from said surface, and wherein said free end has a higher reflective index then said attached end. 11. Apparatus as recited in claim 8 wherein said fibers are of clear fiber optic material. 12. Apparatus as recited in claim 11 wherein said fiber optic material is selected from the group consisting of saphires and rubies. 13. Apparatus as recited in claim 8 further comprising a housing containing said surface, said housing comprising spaced transparent housing members with irradiant gas disposed therebetween. 14. Solar radiation converting apparatus comprising a a solar radiation responsive surface for transforming incident radiation into another energy form, and means associated with said surface for trapping radiation incident upon said surface so that a substantial portion of radiation incident upon said surface has a reflected component thereof that impinges upon other portions of said surface. 15. Apparatus as recited in claim 14 wherein said radiation trapping means comprise regular surface manifestations formed on said surface. 16. Apparatus as recited in claim 15 wherein said regular surface manifestations comprise corrugations. 17. Apparatus as recited in claim 16 wherein said corrugations approximate a sine wave. 18. Apparatus as recited in claim 16 wherein said corrugations include peaks, valleys, and connecting portions between said peaks and valleys, said connecting portions being generally planar and making an angle of about 30.degree. with incident radiation. 19. Apparatus as recited in claim 14 further comprising a substrate for supporting said surface, integrally attached thereto and having substantially the same contour as said surface. 20. Apparatus as recited in claim 14 further comprising means attached to said surface for concentrating radiation incident upon said means onto said surface. 21. Apparatus as recited in claim 20 wherein said concentrating means comprises a plurality of radiation conducting fibers extending outwardly from said surface. 22. Apparatus as recited in claim 21 wherein said fibers have the end thereof remote from said surface mirrored. 23. Apparatus as recited in claim 14 further comprising means attached to said surface for polarizing and magnifying radiation incident upon said means and transmitting the coherent, polarized, magnified radiation to said surface. 24. Apparatus as recited in claim 14 wherein said surface consists of photovoltaic material. 25. Apparatus as recited in claim 14 wherein said surface consists of thermoelectric material. 26. Apparatus for conversion of solar radiaion, comprising a solar radiation responsive surface for transforming incident radiation into another energy form, and means attached to said surface for polarizing and magnifying radiation incident upon said means, and transmitting coherent polarized, magnified radiation to said surface. 27. Apparatus as recited in claim 26 wherein said means attached to said surface comprise a plurality of radiation conducting fibers extending outwardly from said surface. 28. Apparatus as recited in claim 27 wherein each fiber has one end thereof attached to said surface and a free end thereof remote from said surface, and wherein said free end has a higher reflective index than said attached end. 29. Apparatus as recited in claim 26 wherein said fibers of clear fiber optic material. 30. Apparatus as recited in claim 29 where in said fiber optic material is selected from the group consisting of sapphires and rubies. 31. Apparatus as recited in claim 14 wherein said surface consists of photovoltaic material. 32. Apparatus as recited in claim 26 further comprising a housing containing said surface, said housing comprising spaced transparent housing members with irradiant gas disposed therebetween. 33. Apparatus as recited in claim 14 further comprising a housing containing said surface, said housing comprising spaced transparent housing members with irradiant gas disposed therebetween. 