A sun tracker including a dual axis support for following diurnal movement of the sun and a drive mechanism for providing motive force about a first axis of the support. Accurate movement of the tracker about a second support axis is caused by a system of cables and a cooperating cable engaging arcuate surface shaped to produce the necessary movement about the second axis to maintain the tracker in appropriate orientation with the sun throughout the day. Seasonal adjustment is effected by adjusting the cable lengths.
Claims I claim: 1. A seasonably adjustable diurnal sun tracking apparatus, comprising (a) a base; (b) frame means defining a plane; (c) mounting means for mounting said frame means on said base for rotational movement about a first axis which is fixed relative to said base and about a second axis which is different from said first axis to permit the plane defined by said frame means to be positioned perpendicularly to the direction of direct sun light throughout each day of the year; (d) drive means connected with said support means for providing motive force to rotate said frame means about said first axis of rotation; (e) frame positioning means for rotating said frame means about said second axis of rotation in response to rotation of said frame means about said first axis, said frame positioning means including (1) at least one flexible, inextensible connecting member connected between said base and said frame means, and (2) connecting member guide means fixedly connected to said base for engaging a variable portion of said flexible connecting member when said frame means is rotated between first and second arcuate positions spaced about said first axis, whereby the effective length of said flexible connecting member extending between the guide means and said frame means is varied to cause said frame means to rotate about said second axis in an amount appropriate to maintain said plane perpendicular to the direction of direct sunlight. 2. A sun tracking apparatus as defined in claim 1, wherein said first axis is oriented vertically and said second axis is oriented horizontally and wherein said mounting means includes a shaft mounted on said base for rotation about said first axis and said frame means is mounted on the upper end of said shaft for rotation about said second axis. 3. A sun tracking apparatus as defined in claim 1, wherein said frame positioning means further includes a second flexible, inextensible connecting member connected at one end to said base and to said frame means at the other end, said connecting member guide means being positioned and shaped for engaging a variable portion of said second flexible connecting member as said frame means is rotated between third and fourth arcuate positions spaced about said first axis. 4. A diurnal sun tracking apparatus as defined in claim 3, wherein said first and second connecting members are cables and said connecting number guide means includes a cable engaging arcuate surface fixedly mounted to said base in a position spaced from said first axis, said arcuate surface having a radius of curvature and a position spaced from said first axis such that rotation of said frame means about said first axis to follow diurnal movement of the sun will cause one of said cables to engage said arcuate surface over a sufficient portion to cause rotation of said frame means about said second axis in an amount necessary to cause the plane defined by said frame means to be maintained perpendicular to the direction of direct sun rays. 5. A sun tracking apparatus as defined in claim 4, wherein said frame positioning means includes bias means for continuously biasing said frame means in one direction around said second axis, said frame means being restrained from rotational movement about said second axis by said first and second cables whenever said frame means is stationary with respect to said first axis. 6. A sun tracking apparatus as defined in claim 5, wherein said first arcuate position corresponds to the arcuate position of said frame means necessary for positioning said plane defined by said frame means perpendicularly to direct sun rays at sun rise and said fourth arcute position corresponds to the arcuate position of said frame means necessary for positioning said plane perpendicularly to direct sun rays at sun set, said second and third arcuate positions being the same position, said first and second cables being connected to a common point on said frame means and having equal lengths extending between said common point and the extremities of said cable engaging arcuate surface, respectively. 7. A sun tracking apparatus as defined in claim 6, wherein said effective lengths of said cables when said frame means is in said second arcuate position may be adjusted dependent on the season of the year to cause said plane defined by said frame means to be precisely positioned perpendicular to the direction of direct sun rays regardless of the season of the year, said cable engaging arcuate surface being shaped to cause corresponding adjustment in the position of said plane throughout the diurnal movement of the sun in order to maintain the precise perpendicular position of said plane throughout the day of the direct rays of the sun regardless of the season of the year. 8. A sun tracking apparatus as defined in claim 7, wherein said first axis is generally vertical, said second axis is generally horizontal, said common point is spaced approximately 2R in a perpendicular direction from said second axis of said frame means, said cable engaging arcuate surface extending 180.degree. around said first axis with the extremities being spaced approximately 1/2R, respectively, from said first axis on a generally horizontal line passing through said first axis, said cable engaging arcuate surface having a midpoint spaced approximately 5/6R from said first axis measured along an inclined line connecting said midpoint with the intersection of said horizontal line and said first axis, said inclined line being inclined upwardly by an angle of approximate 15.degree. in a direction away from said horizontal line. 9. A sun tracking apparatus as defined in claim 8, wherein R equals approximately 12 inches. 10. A sun tracking apparatus as defined in claim 8, wherein said cable engaging arcuate surface generally defines one half of a parabolic curve having a major diameter of 12/3R and a minor diameter of R. 11. A sun tracking apparatus as defined in claim 10, further including cable length adjusting means for permitting simultaneous adjustment in the effective length of said cables, said cable length adjusting means including a movable connector adapted to move along a path equal distant from said extremities of said cable engaging arcuate surface, and cable retaining means at said extremities for holding said cables at said extremities while permitting the cables to move longitudinally with respect to said extremities when said movable connector is moved. 12. A sun tracking apparatus as defined in claim 11, wherein said drive means includes electro motive power means for moving said frame means when electrically energized and electrical control means for energizing said electro motive power means to cause said frame means to move equal arcuate distances during predetermined equal time intervals. 13. A sun tracking apparatus, as defined in claim 12, wherein said electrical control means includes a limit switch means mounted for rotation with said frame means about said first axis for indicating when said frame means has been rotated into said first or said fourth arcuate positions. 14. A sun tracking apparatus as defined in claim 13, wherein said control means includes a reverse drive circuit means actuated when said frame means is rotated to said fourth arcuate position for driving said electro motive power means in reverse to rotate said frame means from said fourth arcuate position back to said first arcuate position at a rotational speed substantially greater than the average rotational speed of said frame means when being displaced from said first position toward said second position. 15. A diurnal sun tracking apparatus as defined in claim 11, wherein said cable length adjusting means includes a rotatable screw threaded shaft having a longitudinal shaft arranged along said equal distant path and said movable connector including a block threadedly received on said screw threaded shaft, said block being restrained from rotational movement and having one end of each cable secured thereto for movement with said block. 16. A sun tracking apparatus as defined in claim 12, wherein said electrical control means causes said frame means to be rotated through 4.degree. every 15 minutes by energizing said electro motive means for 10 seconds. 17. A diurnal sun tracking apparatus as defined in claim 4, wherein said cable engaging arcuate surfaces have a generally "V" shaped cross-section to cause said cables to be guided into the bottom of said "V" shaped cross-section when said cables come into contact with said cable engaging arcuate surfaces. 18. A sun tracking apparatus as defined in claim 1, further including a solar cell panel mounted on said frame means, said solar cell panel being disposed within said plane. 