A therapeutic adornment or jewelry object incorporating a solar cell operable to generate a beneficial electrical current flow through the body of a person wearing same. The solar cell is mounted in a housing effective to electrically insulate the cell itself from a person's body while permitting the transmission of sunlight to the cell's active energy collecting surface. The cell has positive and negative electrical output terminals across which a voltage is generated by the energy collected. The adornment is arranged to mount the cell on a person's body with its active surface exposed to the sun and its terminals electrically connected to spaced apart points on the person's body, whereby a flow of electricity is generated through the person's body between these spaced apart body points. The adornment is illustrated in the forms of a bracelet and necklace.
Claims I claim: 1. A therapeutic adornment in the form of a bracelet, comprising: solar cell means having an energy absorbing active face surface, a back surface and first and second electrical output terminals, said cell means being operable to convert sunlight and equivalent forms of energy received on its active surface into electrical energy which appears as a voltage across said output terminals; electrically conductive arm band means for securing said cell means on a person's limb, said arm band means being secured to said cell means to extend rearwardly therefrom around a person's limb and being electrically connected to said first output terminal; and electrically conductive skin contacting means secured to said cell means to extend across the back surface thereof so as to contact the skin of a person's limb underlying said cell means back surface, said skin contacting means being electrically connected to said second output terminal whereby electrical energy generated by said cell means causes a beneficial current flow through a person's limb positioned between said skin contacting means and said arm band means. 2. The invention defined in claim 1, wherein: said cell means is a substantially circular disk-shaped element; and said skin contacting means is an arc shaped member which supports said cell means on a limb of a person wearing same. 3. The invention defined in claim 2, including lens means positioned over the active face surface of said cell means for enhancing the collection and transmission of energy to the active surface of said cell means. 4. The invention defined in claim 2, including housing material enclosing said cell means, said housing material being an electrical insulative, light and solar energy transmitting material. 5. The invention defined in claim 4, wherein said housing material is transparent plastic and the surface of said plastic material covering the active surface of said cell means has a substantially convex lens shape to act as a magnifying glass. 6. The invention defined in claim 1, including lens means positioned over the active face surface of said cell means for enhancing the collection and transmission of energy to the active surface of said cell means. 7. A therapeutic adornment in the form of a necklace, comprising: solar cell means having an energy absorbing active face surface, a back surface and first and second electrical output terminals, said cell means being operable to convert sunlight and equivalent forms of energy received on its active surface into electrical energy which appears as a voltage across said output terminals; first and second electrically conductive chains, one end of said first chain being electrically connected to said first output terminal and one end of said second chain being electrically connected to said second output terminal; and electrically non-conductive linking means for linking the free other ends of said chains together so as to form a necklace which can be worn around a person's neck whereby electrical energy generated by said cell means causes a beneficial current flow through the portion of a person's skin and body laying between said chains. 8. The invention defined in claim 7, wherein: said cell means is a substantially circular disc-shaped element; and including: housing material enclosing said cell means, said housing material being an electrically insulative, light and solar energy transmitting material. 9. A therapeutic adornment, comprising: solar cell means having an energy absorbing active face surface, a back surface and first and second electrical output terminals, said cell means being operable to convert sunlight and equivalent forms of energy received on its active surface into electrical energy which appears as a voltage across said output terminals; and cooperative first and second mounting means for securing said cell means on a person with the active surface of said cell means exposed to light, said first and second mounting means being each electrically conductive and connected to said first and second output terminals, respectively, whereby electrical energy generated by said cell means causes a beneficial current flow through the portion of a person's body positioned between said first and second mounting means. 10. The invention defined in claim 9, wherein: said cell means is a substantially circuit disc-shaped element; and including: housing material enclosing said cell means, said housing material being an electrically insulative, light and solar energy transmitting material. 11. The invention defined in claim 10, wherein said housing material is transparent plastic and the surface of said plastic material covering the active surface of said cell means has a substantially convex lens shape to act as a magnifying glass. 12. The invention defined in claim 9, including lens means positioned over the active surface of said cell means for enhancing the collection and transmission of energy to the active surface of said cell means. 