Discloses a solar energy teaching aid for use in instruction and experimentation to demonstrate the effects and results of active and passive home heating through solar energy. The teaching aid is in the form of a home, one of whose roofs has the largest surface area of any of the surface areas of such home. Such roof has transparent means allowing solar energy to pass therethrough for same to be absorbed by heat sinks, converted to heat energy and stored by such heat sinks, to demonstrate thereby passive collection; and such roof mounts an active collector whose absorber plate absorbs solar energy which is converted into heat energy that heats the internal air in such active collector, to demonstrate thereby active collection.
Claims Having thusly described my invention, I claim: 1. A solar energy teaching aid for use in instruction and experimentation to demonstrate the effects and results of active and passive home heating through solar energy, said teaching aid being in the form of a miniature home unattached to the ground and comprising a rear wall, side walls, angled roofs and a floor representing discrete surface areas with one of said roofs having the largest surface area: such roof mounting an active collector to absorb solar energy and convert same to heat energy, said active collector having means for communicating with the interior of such home to permit the movement of cooler air from such home through said active collector, for the heating of such cooler air in said active collector and the discharge of such active-collector heated air into the interior of such home, to thereby demonstrate active home heating; and such roof having a transparent means, said home having heat sink means to passively absorb solar energy, convert same to heat energy and store same, said transparent means and heat sink means cooperating to demonstrate such passive home heating by said transparent means allowing solar energy to pass therethrough to said heat sink means where such solar energy is absorbed, converted to heat energy and stored. 2. A solar energy teaching aid in accordance with claim 1, wherein such roof having the largest surface area has an angle of inclination such that such roof will be disposed substantially perpendicular to the sun's rays. 3. A solar energy teaching aid in accordance with claim 1, wherein said active collector is mounted in parallel relationship on such roof having the largest surface area and said transparent means is in coplanar relationship with such roof. 4. A solar energy teaching aid in accordance with claim 1, wherein said active collector is in the configuration of a shallow box-like structure, wherein said active collector has an absorber plate, sides and transparent medium, wherein said sides are upstanding from said absorber plate and wherein said transparent medium closes said sides. 5. A solar energy teaching aid in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means said active collector has for communicating with the interior of such home comprises input and output holes. 6. A solar energy teaching aid in accordance with claim 5, wherein is further provided blower means, wherein said blower means is disposed in operative relationship with said output hole to effect the discharge of such active-collector heated air into the interior of such home. 7. A solar energy teaching aid in accordance with claim 6, wherein are further provided a heat-sensing switch and a rheostat, wherein said heat-sensing switch controls the on-and-off operation of said blower means within an adjustable temperature range and wherein said rheostat controls the velocity of said blower means. 8. A solar energy teaching aid in accordance with claim 2, wherein said active collector is mounted in parallel relationship on such roof having the largest surface area and said transparent means is in coplanar relationship with such roof. 9. A solar energy teaching aid in accordance with claim 4, wherein said means said active collector has for communicating with the interior of such home comprises input and output holes, wherein is further provided blower means, wherein said blower means is disposed in operative relationship with said output hole to effect the discharge of such active-collector heated air into the interior of such home. 10. A solar energy teaching aid in accordance with claim 9, wherein are further provided a heat-sensing switch and a rheostat, wherein said heat-sensing switch controls the on-and-off operation of said blower means within an adjustable temperature range and wherein said rheostat controls the velocity of said blower means. 