The permanent magnet wheel drive consists of two basic magnetic components, one large driven flat wheel containing a uniform series of identical magnet segments, and a second magnetic driving means comprising multiple oscillating magnetic couples of opposite identical magnet segments. The magnetic mechanism simulates the action of a clock escapement mechanism in that the oscillating magnet couples uniformly oscillates between the wheel magnet segments to induce continuous wheel rotation. All of the multiple oscillating magnet couples are oscillated by a motor(s) driven eccentric through a suitable gear reduction unit. The small D. C. motor(s) are powered by multiple arrays of silicon solar photovoltaic cells at some convenient rooftop location.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A magnetic wheel drive comprised of two basic coacting magnetic components which are, a large flat non-magnetic wheel containing equally spaced identical permanent magnets secured to the outer rim of said large flat non-magnetic wheel with pole faces all exposed in the same direction. support angles and bracket means for securing said identical permanent magnets to the outer rim of said large flat non-magnetic wheels, a drive shaft secured to said large flat non-magnetic wheel by means of a central hub, ball bearing support means for said drive shaft, one of said ball bearings is retained in a large rectangular base plate, a second ball bearing is retained in a box-base secured to said large rectangular base plate, multiple identical oscillating magnet couples consisting of a rectangular flat non-magnetic plate on which opposite pole magnets are secured at the sides of said rectangular flat non-magnetic plate, a pivot bracket fastened to the top and bottom of said rectangular flat non-magnetic plate, a pivot rod fitted into said large rectangular base plate, the opposite end of said pivot rod supported by an elongate Z bracket secured to said large rectangular base plate, a support arm secured to said rectangular flat non-magnetic plate fitted with a cylindrical pin and ball bearing, an eccentric in direct contact with said ball bearing, said eccentric fastened to the slow speed shaft of a gear reduction unit, said gear reduction unit is driven by a small D.C. motor, a return tension spring fastened to said rectangular flat non-magnetic plate, retention of the opposite end of said return tension spring by a post pressed into said large rectangular base plate, multiple arrays of silicon solar photovoltaic cells placed at convenient outside locations for the powering of said small D.C. motors, electrical conduction means from said solar photovoltaic cells to said small D.C. motors, link arms fastened to some of said rectangular flat non-magnetic plates, straight links pinned to said link arm on most of said rectangular flat non-magnetic plates, connection of the end of one straight link with a link arm on one rectangular flat non-magnetic plate driven by one said small D.C. motor through said eccentric and ball bearing means. 2. A magnetic wheel drive according to claim 1, in which said identical permanent magnets are of the ceramic-barium ferrite type and of a rectangular shape and size consistent with the said large flat non-magnetic wheel size, said large flat non-magnetic wheel may be of any suitable size consistant with material capabiltiy and placement into standard sized building rooms, said drive shaft may be disposed in either a horizontal or vertical plane, said opposite pole magnets on said rectangular flat non-magnetic plate are identical to and line-up with said identical permanent magnets on said large flat non-magnetic wheel. 3. A magnetic wheel drive according to claim 1, wherein multiple said small D.C. motors are utilized to drive several said eccentrics in contact with said rectangular flat non-magnetic plates, a uniform number not to exceed nine of said link arms fastened to driven said rectangular flat non-magnetic plates, a uniform number not to exceed nine of said straight links pinned to said link arms on no more than nine said rectangular flat non-magnetic plates, connection of the ends of a series of no more than nine said straight links with each of said rectangular flat non-magnetic plates oscillated by said multiple small D.C. motors, electrical inter-connection and synchronization of all of said small D.C. motors. 4. A magnetic wheel drive according to claim 1, in which said multiple identical oscillating magnet couples are fitted with a series of exposed north pole magnets on one side and a series of exposed south pole magnets on the opposite side, said large flat non-magnetic wheel contains equally spaced identical permanent magnets with the relative polarity of said identical permanent magnets depending on the direction of rotation required for said large flat non-magnetic wheel, securing of said identical permanent magnets to said large flat non-magnetic wheel and said rectangular flat non-magnetic plate with non-magnetic hardware. 5. A magnetic wheel drive according to claim 1, wherein said multiple identical oscillating magnet couples can be driven at variable speeds, variation in speed of said multiple identical oscillating magnet couples oscillations by way of variations in the intensity of the illumination levels on said multiple arrays of silicon solar photovoltaic cells, electrical battery storage means for any excess of electrical energy produced from said multiple arrays of silicon solar photovoltaic cells, a sufficient number of said multiple arrays of silicon solar photovoltaic cells to provide full speed operation of said magnetic wheel drive under overcast sky conditions. 6. A magnetic wheel drive according to claim 1, wherein the full oscillation of said multiple identical oscillating magnet couples into the interference circle formed by said identical permanent magnets on said large flat non-magnetic wheel does not jam the rotation of said large flat non-magnetic wheel, multiple plastic deflector anti-jamming means mounted on each of said multiple identical oscillating magnet couples, mounting means for said multiple plastic deflection means for either direction of rotation of said large flat non-magnetic wheel. 7. A magnetic wheel drive according to claim 1, in which each side of said rectangular flat non-magnetic plate is angled at specific magnetic field bias angles, said magnetic field bias angles are opposite to each other forming a common apex opposite one face of said rectangular flat non-magnetic plate, mounting of said opposite pole magnets directly onto said magnetic field bias angles. 8. A magnetic wheel drive according to claim 1, wherein said large rectangular base plate is substantially squarish in shape and of sufficient thickness to support said magnetic wheel drive, said large rectangular base plate is of non-magnetic material, standard mounting hardware is used for the assembly of the components of said magnetic wheel drive. 9. A magnetic wheel drive according to claim 1, in which either end of said drive shaft may be utilized for the connection of a suitable speed step-up means, the connection of an electrical alternator to said magnetic wheel drive, electrical control and switching means for the electrical components of said magnetic wheel drive. 10. A magnetic wheel drive according to claim 1, wherein any type of said identical permanent magnet may be utilized including Alnico or the latest rare earth/-cobalt permanent magnets. mounting of said identical permanent magnets on the two basic said magnetic wheel drive components with non-magnetic hardware. 