A concentrator solar cell array module having a metallic heat sink with a planar mounting surface. A semiconductor spacer is provided. The semiconductor spacer is provided with a layer of insulating material in the form of silicon oxide. The silicon oxide surface is secured to the mounting surface of the heat sink by a thermally conductive adhesive. A semiconductor solar cell is provided. Solder is utilized for securing the solar cell to the spacer. A glass cover is secured to the solar cell by an adhesive. The glass cover is provided with a textured surface to cause diffusion of the light impinging upon the solar cell.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a concentrator solar cell array module, a metallic substrate serving as a heat sink and having a planar mounting surface, a semiconductor spacer having opposed front and back surfaces with an insulating layer formed on said back surface, a thermally conductive adhesive for securing said spacer to said mounting surface of said substrate with the insulating layer of the spacer facing the mounting surface, a semiconductor solar cell having top and bottom sides, solder connecting said bottom side of the solar cell and said front surface of the spacer, and leads connected to the solar cell. 2. A module as in claim 1 together with a diffuser type cover plate and a transparent adhesive securing the cover plate to the top of the cell. 3. A module as in claim 1 wherein there are a plurality of spacers and solar cells together with U-shaped braided wires connecting said solar cells to connect the same in an electrical series connection. 4. A module as in claim 3 wherein the U-shaped sections cover three sides of the solar cells. 5. A module as in claim 1 wherein said solar cell is formed of silicon and wherein said spacer is formed of silicon. 6. A module as in claim 5 wherein said insulating layer is formed of an oxide of silicon. 7. A module as in claim 1 wherein said spacer has a thickness ranging from 10 to 20 mils. 8. A module as in claim 1 wherein said heat sink is provided with flow passages for a coolant to flow therethrough. 