A self contained solar beacon for reflecting sunlight over a large number of widely scattered reflection paths. The beacon includes three reflector arrays secured to the outer ends of respective horizontal reflector shafts which extend radially from a central mounting plate. The mounting plate is rotated about a vertical axis by an electric motor which is connected to the mounting plate through a drive shaft. The reflector shafts are rotatably carried by the mounting plate, and their inside ends terminate in respective friction discs which roll along a stationary friction plate. Consequently, as the motor rotates the mounting plate, the reflector arrays simultaneously move along a horizontal, circular path while rotating about their radial axes. This combination of reflector array movement coupled with the large number of individual reflectors in each array produces a large number of widely scattered reflection paths. The motor is preferably powered by a set of internal solar cells, but it may also be powered by an internal battery or external electric power.
Claims I claim: 1. An aircraft solar beacon for improving aircraft visibility, comprising: a plurality of reflector arrays each having a plurality of individual reflectors; and drive means for rotating said reflector arrays about respective first rotational axes extending radially from a common center while moving said reflector arrays about a second rotational axis around said common center in a circular path. 2. The solar beacon of claim 1 wherein each of said reflector arrays comprise: a reflector frame generally having the shape of a prism with the outer base of each prism having formed therein a plurality of triangular panels corresponding in number to the number of lateral faces of said prism; a triangular reflector covering each triangular panel of said reflector frame; and a reflector covering each lateral face of said reflective frame, said reflectors having a shape corresponding to the shape of said lateral faces. 3. The solar beacon of claim 2 wherein the rotational axis of each reflector array extends through said reflector frame perpendicular to the basis of said frame parallel to, and equally spaced from, the lateral faces of said frame. 4. The solar beacon of claim 1 wherein said drive means comprise: a reflector array drive shaft having one end connected to each reflector array, said drive shaft extending along the rotational axis of said reflector arrays; rotational drive means having an output shaft; a reflector array mounting member operatively connected to said output shaft, said mounting member rotatably supporting each of said reflector array drive shafts with said drive shafts extending along said respective radials from the rotational axis of said output shaft; a generally planar stationary coupling member occupying a plane which is perpendicular to the rotational axis of said output shaft; and an annular coupling member secured to each of said reflector array drive shafts adjacent said stationary member, said annular coupling members engaging said stationary member such that rotation of said mounting member produced by said rotational drive means causes said annular coupling members to roll along said stationary coupling member thereby rotating said reflector arrays about the axes of respective drive shafts while said mounting member moves said reflector array around the axis of said output shaft in a circular path. 5. The solar beacon of claim 4 wherein said drive means is powered by an electric motor, and wherein said beacon further includes a set of solar cells operatively connected to said motor such that sunlight causes movement of said reflector arrays without the need for external power. 6. The solar beacon of claim 5 wherein said solar cells are mounted on an annular frame extending around the rotational axis of said output shaft. 7. The solar beacon of claim 4 wherein said annular coupling members are cylindrical friction rollers and said stationary coupling member is a planar friction plate such that rotation of said reflector array mounting member causes said friction rollers to roll on the face of said friction plate. 