The solar collector structure includes a solar collector for deriving heat from the sun for useful heating purposes. The collector structure is pivotally mounted and means are provided to pivot the structure during daylight hours to follow the sun and receive the maximum amount of heat available. The means for pivoting the solar structure includes bellows which are expanded and contracted in accordance with the angle at which the solar structure is positioned with respect to the sun.
Claims Having thus described my invention, I claim: 1. A solar collector structure comprising a solar collector including a tubular structure for the passage of fluid therethrough for the purpose of heating the same, a box-like case including a back and at least two parallel vertically extending, spaced apart side walls extending perpendicularly to the back at each side thereof on each side of and in spaced relation to the tubular structure, a vertically extending cylindrical post adjacent to and in spaced relation to the case, means pivotally mounting the case on the post for pivotal movement about the vertical axis of the cylindrical post, a separate container positioned immediately adjacent each side wall of the case whereby the side walls of the case shade the containers from the sun's rays impinging on the case in accordance with the orientation of the case, fixed means secured to the post, bellows positioned between the case and the fixed means secured to the post on each side of the post, conduit means connected between the interior of each container and the interior of the bellows closest thereto, and a charge of volatile fluid in each of said containers, said fluid in each container vaporizing when heated by the sun resulting in pressurizing the connected bellows and tending to cause the bellows to expand and cause the solar collector to pivot about the vertical axis of the post whereby the front of the case will tend to point in the direction of the sun's rays. 2. A solar collector structure as defined in claim 1, further characterized in that the means for pivotally supporting the case from the post comprises separate rings sleeved over the post vertically spaced apart thereon, means securing the rings to the case, and a collar secured to the post immediately beneath at least one of the rings. 3. A solar collector structure as defined in claim 1, further characterized in that said bellows are each located above the respective connected container. 4. A solar collector structure as defined in claim 1 further characterized in that said bellows each are pivotally connected to said fixed means and fixedly connected to said solar collector. 5. A solar collector structure as defined in claim 1, further characterized in the provision of motion dampening means between the solar collector and said fixed means. 6. A solar collector structure as defined in claim 5 wherein the motion dampening means is piston and cylinder structure. 