A telephone set for optical fibers lines having a coupler for directing a first part of the light received from the input optical fiber on a photo-cell and a second part of this light on a microphone modulating this second part without electrical intermediate apparatus, the photo-cell feed alternately a bell or a receiver, and the light modulated by the microphone is directed via a dialling system on the output optical fiber.
Claims What we claim is: 1. A telephone set for receiving from an input optical fiber an input optical signal and for emitting on an output optical fiber an output optical signal comprising: a two-channel coupler for dividing said input optical signal into first and a second parts; a photovoltaic cell for converting said first part in an electrical signal; a receiver actuated by said electrical signal; a microphone diaphragm for receiving and directly modulating with acoustic waves said second part and delivering said output optical signal. 2. A telephone set according to claim 1, further comprising a bell system actuated by said electrical signal said bell system including a capacitor coupled to said electrical signal for storing charges from said electrical system, a trigger circuit coupled to said capacitor for periodically discharging said capacitor to develop a bell-ring signal, and a bell coupled to said bell ring signal, said telephone set further including first switch for alternatively connecting said receiver and said bell to said photo-electric cell. 3. A telephone set according to claim 2 further including a rotary shutter for periodically interrupting the emission of said output optical signal; each interruption corresponding to a dialling pulse. 4. A telephone set according to claim 2 wherein said output optical signal is emitted onto a plurality of output optical fibers and siad telephone set further includes a keyboard having a plurality of channels for simultaneously receiving from said microphone and propagating said second part of the input optical signal, a plurality of keys for closing said channels, and means for coupling said plurality of channels to said plurality of output optical fibers; each of said keys closing simultaneously at least two channels for determining a combination of closed channels related to said key. 5. A telephone set according to claim 2 further comprising means for partially interrupting the emission of said output optical signal when said bell is connected to said photo-electric cell; the level of said emission being reduced to a value allowing to monitor the continuity of said input and output optical fiber without demodulating said second part. 6. A telephone set according to claim 2 further comprising a wide-band output terminal connected to said photo-cell. 7. A telephone set according to claim 2 further comprising photo-emitting means for delivering onto said output optical fiber an additional optical signal and a wide-band input terminal connected to said photo-emitting means. 