A solar heating system for heating a fluid with the infrared rays of the sun to provide a thermal supply to a building usable for heating the building and the domestic hot water supply thereto may have a solar heat absorbing panel for heating the fluid, which panel may be positioned away from the building, and a heated fluid storage tank with a conduit connection therebetween, wherein a mechanism may be connected to the solar heat absorbing panel for rotating this panel in two orthogonal planes of motion for aligning the panel with the direct rays of the sun including an electrical control circuit which may provide signals for positioning the panel preparatory to the beginning of each day and for changing the position of the panel when misalignment with the direct rays of sun occurs as well as for returning the panel to its initial beginning of day position when the temperature of the fluid within the storage tank reaches an upper limit.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a solar heating system having a fluid conducting heat absorbing panel extending in a plane and mounted on a support for rotation in two directions, a lens system mounted in front of said panel for concentrating solar rays thereupon, and a storage tank for holding heated fluid, said tank being connected to said absorbing panel, the improvement comprising: first means for rotating said absorbing panel in a first said direction, said first rotating means being attached to said support; second means for rotating said absorbing panel in a second said direction, said second rotating means being attached to said support; and means for controlling the operation of said first and second rotating means including a plurality of electrical heat sensitive monitors located upon said heat absorbing panel in the plane of said panel and a plurality of electrical heat sensors located apart from said heat absorbing panel in a plane perpendicular to the plane of said heat absorbing panel. 2. The improved system of claim 1 wherein said control means also includes: means for monitoring the output of said plurality of heat sensitive monitors for outputing an enable signal when the output from said plurality of heat sensitive monitors is unequal; and means for decoding the output signals from said plurality of sensors in the presence of said first circuit means output enable for directing the operation of said first and second rotating means. 3. The improved system of claim 2 wherein said control means also includes an electric clock timer providing electric power to enable and disable operation of said first and second rotating means for enabling said first and second rotating means only during the day, irrespective of direction from said decoding means. 4. The improved system of claim 3 wherein said control means also includes an electric heat thermocouple located within said storage tank and connected to provide an electric signal when the temperature inside said storage tank is below a threshold temperature, said thermocouple signal being connected to enable operation of said first and second rotating means when said storage tank temperature is below threshold, irrespective of said clock timer and said decoding means operation. 5. The improved system of claim 4 wherein said control means includes control relays, said control relays providing an electrical connection between said clock timer and said first and second rotating means, said control relays providing a reset of said first and second rotating means to an initial beginning of the day easterly orientation upon an end of day disable from said clock timer. 6. The improved system of claim 5 wherein said control relays also provide a reset of said first and second rotating means to an initial beginning of day easterly orientation upon extinguishment of said storage tank thermocouple signal. 7. The improved system of claim 6 including means for circulating said fluid between said storage tank and said absorbing panel, said circulating means being connected therebetween and being enabled for operation by said control relays in the presence of said clock timer enable and said storage tank thermocouple signal. 8. The improved system of claim 7 wherein said decoding means is connected to dictate the operation of said first and second rotating means to rotate absorbing panel when the output signal from said plurality of heat sensors is unequal. 9. The improved system of claim 8 said plurality of heat sensors includes a first pair of heat sensors located in a first said perpendicular plane to the plane of said heat absorbing panel and a second pair or heat sensors located in a second said perpendicular plane to the plane of said heat absorbing panel. 10. The improved system of claim 9 wherein said decoding means dictates operation of said first rotating means in response to unequal signals from said first pair of heat sensors and dictates operation of said second rotating means in response to unequal signals from said second pair of heat sensors. 11. The improved system of claim 1 wherein said lens system comprises a plurality of individual lenses spaced apart from one another and positioned in a fixed positional relationship to said absorbing panel, each lens being cylindrically shaped having a half-circular cross-section with the flat side facing said absorbing panel. 12. The improved system of claim 2 wherein each said lens flat side is parallel to the plane of said absorbing panel. 13. The improved system of claim 12 also including means for circulating fluid between said heat absorbing panel and said storage tank and means for inactivating said circulating means and for dictating the operation of said first and second rotating means for moving said heat absorbing panel out of the rays of the sun when the temperature of the fluid within said storage tank attains a desired temperature, said circulating means being connected to said heat absorbing panel and said storage tank, said inactivating and dictating means being connected to said circulating means, said storage tank and said first and second rotating means. 14. The improved system of claim 13 wherein said first rotating means includes a first gear system connected to said heat absorbing panel to rotate said panel between an easterly and a westerly direction; and a first electric motor positioned to operate said first gear system; said first electric motor being connected to said control means; and wherein said second rotating means includes a second gear system connected to said first gear system and to said heat absorbing panel to tilt said panel between vertical and horizontal; and a second electrical motor positioned to operate said second gear system. 