A solar energy collection system including a number of parabolic section reflectors mounted for rotation about their lines of focii. A drive system continuously rotates the reflectors at a one cycle per day rate in one form. Positioned at the line of focus of each reflector is a receiver tube carrying a heat exchange medium. The receiver tube is fixed and non-moving and is surrounded by a fixed transparent tube shielding the receiver tube from air currents. The transparent tube is sealed except for a leakage path through a desiccant containing chamber which is in thermal transfer relationship with the receiver tube and communicating with the ambient atmosphere. Means for cleaning the reflectors when in the inverted position is provided. Another embodiment provides for sun tracking and automatic night storage and cleaning. Novel mirror receiver tube and desiccant assembly features are disclosed.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy collection system comprising an elongated collector dimensioned to concentrate solar flux into a concentrated linear region; a fixed receiver tube extending along said region; means mounting said collector for rotation about an axis located in said region; means for powering the rotation of said collector to keep solar image on the receiver tube; means supplying said receiver tube with a source of heat exchange medium; outlet means for receiving the heat exchange medium after passage through said receiver tube; and transparent means encircling said receiver tube for isolating said receiver tube from air currents in the region of said collector and receiver tube: wherein said means for powering said collector is operative to drive said collector through a 360 degree rotation. 2. The combination in accordance with claim 1 wherein said drive means is operative to drive said collector continuously through said 360 degrees of rotation during each 24 hour period. 3. The combination in accordance with claim 1 wherein said collector is of generally parabolic sectional shape and said receiver tube is located at the focus of said parabola and said collector is journaled for 360.degree. rotation around the axis of the parabola. 4. The combination in accordance with claim 1 including means for washing said collector positioned to direct streams of cleaning fluid at said collector when said collector is a non-solar oriented position. 5. The combination in accordance with claim 4 wherein said washing means comprises a plurality of upward directed nozzles positioned below said collector. 6. In a solar collection system including an energy collector, a receiver located to receive energy from said collector containing a heat exchange medium, a light transparent wind shield enclosing said receiver and a desiccant material for absorbing moisture accumulating in said wind shield, the improvement comprising: means defining a chamber for holding said desiccant material; means substantially sealing said wind shield; means providing restricted communication between the interior of said wind shield and said chamber; said chamber being in thermal transfer relationship between the desiccant material within said chamber and said receiver; said means defining said chamber also defining an outlet aperture from said chamber to the atmosphere whereby air within said wind shield, when heated by solar radiation, exhausts excess pressure to the atmosphere via said chamber and on cooling receives air via said chamber and said desiccant material and said chamber is heated by said receiver; wherein a plurality of collectors are positioned end for end with said receiver tube extending therebetween including bearing means between each collector and said chamber is located between said collectors on said receiver tube. 7. The combination in accordance with claim 6 wherein said receiver tube includes a joint between at least certain of said end for end collectors whereby individual wind shields and desiccant chambers may be removed and replaced. 8. In a solar collection system including an energy collector, a receiver located to receive energy from said collector containing a heat exchange medium and a light transparent wind shield enclosing said receiver, the improvement: wherein said collector comprises a plurality of concave glass mirror sections of elongated shape; mounting means for said mirror sections comprising a frame work and means locally confining said mirror sections for thermal expansion movement independent of thermal expansion movement of said mounting means; wherein said confining means comprises a plurality of clips secured to said frame work and partially encircling the edge of said mirror sections. 9. A solar energy collection system comprising: a plurality of elongated focussing collectors each having a line of focus; means mounting said elongated collectors for rotational movement about the line of focii of said collector; a fixed receiver tube extending along the line of focii of said collectors; means coupled to said collectors for sensing the direction of maximum incident solar radiation; motor means coupled to said collectors and to said sensing means for rotating said collectors to track the sun; means for limiting the extent of rotation of said collectors; said limiting means operative to disable said motor means; means for sensing a drop in ambient light level at said system; said last means operative to disable said limiting means and for energizing said motor means to drive said collectors to a preselected position. 10. The combination in accordance with claim 9 wherein said last means energizes said motor means until said collectors are driven to an inverted position. 11. The combination in accordance with claim 9 wherein said last means is operative responsive to increased ambient light level to enable said motor means to drive said collectors to an energy collecting position and for re-enabling said limiting means. 12. The combination in accordance with claim 9 including a plurality of cleaning means directed toward said collectors; said last means of claim 9 being operative to enable the rotation of said collectors into cleaning position and for enabling said cleaning means. 13. The combination in accordance with claim 12 wherein said cleaning means comprises a valve connected to a supply of cleaning solution and a plurality of nozzles controlled by said valve; and said last means of claim 9 is operative to energize said valve and allow the application of cleaning solution to said collectors. 14. The combination in accordance with claim 13 wherein said nozzles are upward directed and said last means of claim 9 is operative to drive said motor means to invert said collectors over said nozzles to be cleaned by solution therefrom. 15. A solar energy collector system comprising a plurality of elongated focussing collectors, each having a line of focus; means mounting a plurality of said elongated collectors in parallel axis side by side relationship and for angular movement about said axes through 360.degree. of rotation; a fixed receiver tube extending along the line of focii of each of said collectors and interconnected at the ends thereof; motor means for driving said collectors; and common means coupling said motor means to drive said collectors synchronously. 16. The combination in accordance with claim 15 wherein said motor means is positioned adjacent to one end of said collectors and said coupling means comprises a shaft coupled to said motor and reduction gear means for reducing the speed of rotation of said collectors to the order of one revolution per day. 17. The combination in accordance with claim 15 including transparent tube means encircling said receiver tube in the regions where it passes through said collectors and including means between end for end positioned collectors for decoupling said receiver tube whereby said receiver tube and transparent tube may be replaced without interference with any of the collectors. 18. The combination in accordance with claim 15 wherein said collectors comprise a plurality of self supporting parabolic section glass mirrors and frame members holding said mirrors at localized positions only. 19. The combination in accordance with claim 18 wherein said frame members support said mirrors at edge regions only. 20. A solar energy collector system comprising a plurality of elongated focussing collectors, each having a line of focus; means mounting a plurality of said elongated collectors in parallel axis side by side relationship and for angular movement about said axes; a fixed receiver tube extending along the line of focii of each of said collectors and interconnected at the ends thereof; motor means for driving said collectors; common means coupling said motor means to drive said collectors synchronously; including a plurality of end for end positioned additional collectors; said end for end positioned additional collectors mechanically coupled to respective side by side collectors for movement therewith; means mounting said additional collectors for angular movement about said axes; said receiver tube extending through said additional collectors along the respective axes thereof to provide a fixed path for heat exchange medium through said receiver tube. 21. A solar energy collector system comprising a plurality of elongated focussing collectors, each having a line of focus; means mounting a plurality of said elongated collectors in parallel axis side by side relationship and for angular movement about said axes; a fixed receiver tube extending along the line of focii of each of said collectors and interconnected at the ends thereof; motor means for driving said collectors; common means coupling said motor means to drive said collectors synchronously; including transparent tube means encircling said receiver tube in the regions where it passes through said collectors and including means between end for end positioned collectors for decoupling said receiver tube whereby said receiver tube and transparent tube may be replaced without interference with any of the collectors; wherein said transparent tube means is substantially sealed except for a restricted opening; means positioned between end for end positioned collectors for defining a desiccant containing open chamber; and means communicating said restricted opening of said transparent tube within said chamber in thermal transfer relationship with said receiver tube in the region between end for end positioned collectors. 