A heat transfer panel is disclosed which can be used as a solar energy collector or as a heat rejecting and absorbing panel. The heat transfer panel employs a thin, flexible membrane mounted to the panel in a distorted condition to define, in part, a plurality of fluid channels. The membrane may take the form of a sealed envelope having inlet and collection means communicating fluid to and from the envelope or may simply be a single membrane. Preferably the membrane is mounted over and distorted against a support surface having side-by-side recesses formed therein. Several apparatus for distorting the membrane against the support surface to form fluid channels are disclosed, as are apparatus for incorporating the panel as an integral building element of a structure. The heat transfer panel is further formed for operation as a contained but low pressure fluid heat transfer system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A heat transfer panel including support surface means, a flexible membrane including an upper sheet portion and a lower sheet portion sealed together to provide a fluid-tight envelope, said envelope extending over said support surface means, and inlet means and collection means formed and connected to communicate a fluid to and collect said fluid from within said envelope, wherein the improvement in said panel comprises: said panel having a heat transfer area, said support surface means being formed for support of said lower sheet portion in a distorted condition under the influence of gravity on said lower sheet portion and said fluid on said lower sheet portion, said lower sheet portion being supported by said support surface means with relatively elevated portions of said lower sheet portion and relatively recessed portions of said lower sheet portion, and distortion means positively urging said upper sheet portion into mating relation with said lower sheet portion and into contact with said fluid over said relatively recessed portions to urge said fluid into said relatively elevated portions, said upper sheet portion as distorted by said distortion means and said lower sheet portion as supported by said support surface means defining fluid channels in both said relatively elevated and said relatively recessed portions for flow of fluid in contact with said distorted upper sheet portion for heat transfer over substantially the entire heat transfer area of said panel including said elevated portions. 2. A heat transfer panel as defined in claim 1 wherein, said surface means is formed as a continuous surface having a plurality of side-by-side protruding portions and recesses extending over the heat transfer area of said panel, and said distortion means is formed to distort said upper sheet portion into a position substantially conforming to the configuration of said protruding portions and to produce said relatively elevated portions and said relatively recessed portions of said membrane. 3. A heat transfer panel having a heat transfer area including a support surface formed with a plurality of side-by-side protruding portions and recesses therein, a membrane formed and sealed to provide at least one fluid-tight flexible envelope, said envelope being supported on said support surface in said heat transfer area, inlet means communicating with and formed to distribute a fluid inside said envelope, and collection means formed to collect said fluid from inside said envelope, wherein the improvement in said panel comprises: distortion means formed for and distorting said envelope to substantially conform at least one fluid channel inside said envelope superimposed over a protruding portion of said support surface and at least one adjacent fluid channel inside said envelope superimposed over a recess in said support surface with the adjacent fluid channels interconnected for flow of fluid therebetween, and said distortion means distorting an upper sheet portion of said envelope positively into contact with said fluid to produce the fluid in said fluid channel superimposed over said protruding portion as well as in said fluid channel superimposed over said recess. 4. A heat transfer panel as defined in claim 3 wherein, said envelope has an area sufficient to extend over and is distorted to conform to a plurality of said protruding portions and said recesses to provide a plurality of side-by-side fluid channels inside said envelope over said protruding portions as well as said recesses. 5. The heat transfer panel as defined in claim 3 wherein, said distortion means and said support surfaces are both provided by corrugated sheets having mating corrugations and mounted in nested relation with said envelope positioned and distorted therebetween. 6. The heat transfer panel as defined in claim 5, and clamping means formed to secure said corrugated sheets together as a unit, and wherein said envelope is formed of a plastic film having a hydrophilic surface. 7. The heat transfer panel as defined in claim 3 wherein, said panel is further provided with frame means formed for mounting of said panel to sloping roof rafters, said frame means having a lip portion formed to extend outwardly and downwardly along a lower edge of said panel to a distance and at a height overlapping a similarly formed panel positioned on said roof rafters immediately adjacent to and below the first named panel. 8. The heat transfer panel as defined in claim 3 wherein, said envelope is formed from a sheet of polytetrafluoroethylene. 9. A heat transfer panel including a support surface, a flexible membrane extending over said surface, inlet means communicating with and formed to distribute a heat transfer fluid between said surface and said membrane, and collection means formed to collect said fluid from between said surface and said membrane, wherein the improvement in said panel is comprised of: said surface being formed with a plurality of side-by-side elongated protruding portions and recesses therein, said membrane having sufficient flexibility and area to enable said membrane to be distorted to substantially conform to the configuration of said protruding portions and said recesses, and distorting means positioned in engagement with said membrane and biased toward said support surface to positively distort said membrane toward said support surface and against said fluid for distribution of said fluid for flow between said membrane and said support surface including the area of said support surface over said protruding portions, as well as over said recesses, said membrane being sealed to said support surfaces at side marginal edges thereof, and said inlet means and said collection means are formed for flow of fluid to and from said panel at rates preventing a pressure build-up in said panel, and said inlet means and said collection means are each mounted in sealed relation to one of said membrane and said support surface. 10. A heat transfer panel formed for use as a solar heat collector and including a support surface formed with a plurality of side-by-side recesses therein, a flexible membrane formed and sealed to provide at least one fluid-tight envelope, said envelope being supported on and being distorted to substantially conform to the configuration of said support surface to provide a plurality of side-by-side fluid channels inside said envelope, inlet means and collection means passing through and being monted in sealed relation to said envelope for communication of fluid to and from said fluid channels, and glazing means positioned in superimposed relation to said envelope, wherein the improvement in said panel comprises: said glazing means having a lower surface formed of complimentary cross-section of said recesses over at least a portion of the length of said recesses, and said glazing means being mounted on top of said envelope in mated relation to said recesses to distort said envelope into fluid channels each having a relatively narrow cross-section. 11. The heat transfer panel as defined in claim 10 wherein, said glazing means is provided as a plurality of elongated transparent members each having a width dimension for positioning in one of said recesses and a length dimension extending substantially over the full length of said recesses. 12. The heat transfer panel as defined in claim 11 wherein, said recesses are formed with an arcuate cross-section, said transparent members are substantially cylindrical tubular members, said glazing means further includes a continuous glazing member positioned in superimposed relation above said tubular members, and spacer means positioned between said tubular members and said continuous glazing member. 13. The heat transfer panel as defined in claim 11 wherein, said support surface is provided by a corrugated sheet, and heat insulating means positioned subjacent said corrugated sheet. 14. A heat transfer panel as defined in claim 10 wherein, said glazing means is provided by a plurality of tubular transparent members, said transparent members having an exterior surface formed to substantially mate with said recesses in said support surface and distorting said envelope to conform to said recesses, and a glazing sheet positioned in superimposed relation to said tubular transparent members to define air chambers between said tubular transparent members. 