A heliostat reflector assembly for a solar central receiver system comprises a light-weight, readily assemblable frame which supports a sheet of stretchable reflective material and includes mechanism for selectively applying tension to and positioning the sheet to stretch it to optical flatness. The frame is mounted on and supported by a pipe pedestal assembly that, in turn, is installed in the ground. The frame is controllably driven in a predetermined way by a light-weight drive system so as to be angularly adjustable in both elevation and azimuth to track the sun and efficiently continuously reflect the sun's rays to a focal zone, i.e. central receiver, which forms part of a solar energy utilization system, such as a solar energy fueled electrical power generation system. The frame may include a built-in system for testing for optical flatness of the reflector. The preferable geometric configuration of the reflector is octagonal; however, it may be other shapes, such as hexagonal, pentagonal or square. Several different embodiments of means for tensioning and positioning the reflector to achieve optical flatness are disclosed. The reflector assembly is based on the stretch frame concept which provides an extremely light-weight, simple, low-cost reflector assembly that may be driven for positioning and tracking by a light-weight, inexpensive drive system.
Claims We claim: 1. A heliostat reflector assembly for a solar energy system comprising: A. a stretchable planar reflector; B. a frame supporting said reflector, said frame having selectively operable means for stretching said reflector and positioning said reflector in a condition of optical flatness including a plurality of tensioning devices disposed about the periphery of said reflector and means mounting said tensioning devices so as to be selectively individually adjustable relative to said frame in a direction generally normal to the plane of said reflector, said frame comprising a central hub having a plurality of elongated spoke-like beams, each having its inner end secured to and each radiating outwardly from said hub, said beams being individually secured to their radially outer ends to said reflector at spaced points near the periphery of said reflector by said tensioning devices, one associated with each of said beams, each of said beams being pivotally secured to said hub at one axial side of its inner end, and each of said tensioning devices comprising an adjustable turnbuckle mechanism disposed between and connected to said hub and the radially inner end of a beam at its other axial side to permit selective adjustment of the position of the radially outer end of the beam; and C. means for supporting said frame. 2. A heliostat reflector assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein said stretchable reflector comprises a sheet of stretchable material that is light reflective on one of its sides. 3. A heliostat reflector assembly as defined in claim 2 wherein said sheet is polygonal. 4. A heliostat reflector assembly as defined in claim 2 wherein said reflector has at least four corners disposed at the corners of a square and said heliostat includes means for testing for the optical flatness of said reflector. 5. A heliostat reflector assembly as defined in claim 4 wherein said optical flatness testing means comprises a sighting member at one of the four corners, a prism member at the diagonally opposite corner, and a target member at each of the remaining two corners, and a hairline is formed in each of said members which is disposed to be located in a common plane spaced from and parallel to said sheet when the latter is in an optically flat condition. 6. A heliostat reflector assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein said reflector comprises a sheet of stretchable plastic material having one of its sides formed with a light reflective material. 7. A heliostat reflector assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein said reflector comprises a sheet of stretchable Mylar aluminized on one of its sides. 8. A heliostat reflector assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein each of said tensioning devices comprises an adjustable spring-loaded device mounted on a beam at its radially outer end arranged to apply a radially outward force on said reflector, the effect of all of the forces when properly balanced and when said tensioning devices are properly positioned in a direction generally normal to said reflector being to tension and position said reflector into optical flatness. 9. A heliostat reflector assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein each of said beams comprises a pair of spaced elongated members that are connected at their adjacent ends; and one of said members includes an adjustable turnbuckle mechanism to permit selective lengthening or shortening of it to thereby adjust the lateral position of the other member. 10. A heliostat reflector assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein said frame supporting means comprises a pipe pedestal. 11. A heliostat reflector assembly as defined in claim 10 wherein said pedestal comprises a pipe having secured at its upper end a yoke, and said reflector includes said hub which is pivotally secured to said yoke. 12. A heliostat reflector assembly as defined in claim 11 wherein a drive wheel is rigidly secured to said frame, and said pipe supports a linear stepping motor positioned in operative association with said drive wheel, whereby the angular position of said frame relative to said pipe may be selectively adjusted by activation of said motor. 13. A heliostat reflector assembly as defined in claim 12 wherein said hub is pivotal about a horizontal axis, whereby said frame is adjustable angularly in elevation. 14. A heliostat reflector assembly as defined in claim 13 wherein said pipe is pivotally mounted for selective rotation about a vertical axis so as to permit adjustment of the azimuth angle of said frame; an azimuth drive wheel is rigidly secured to said pipe, and a second linear stepping motor is positioned in operative association with said azimuth drive wheel, whereby the azimuth angle of said frame is adjustable by activation of said second motor. 