A solar collector assembly includes shingles which have integral tubes projecting therefrom, and which are mounted in overlapping parallel array. Mounting brackets for the shingles are engaged on roof rafters or the like, and interlocked light transmissive plates overlie the shingles. The plates are also engaged with shingle components. A special fitting for the tube ends is provided.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An extruded metal solar collector shingle for mounting in multiple shingle, edge overlapping, parallel array fashion on laterally spaced rafters of a building structure or the like, said shingle comprising: an elongated planar sheet portion, having upper and lower surfaces and laterally opposed upper and lower edges, said upper surfaces facing away from the building; fluid conduit means integral with and engaged on one of the surfaces of the sheet portion; interlocking means along opposed lateral edges of said sheet portion comprising upward projections on the upper edges of the sheet portion, channels defined by depending projections on the lower edges of the sheet portion and an L-shaped flange having an inwardly extending foot depending from the upper edge of the sheet portion, said depending projections engaging over the upward projections for forming a mechanical interlocking connection between overlapping edges of respective sheet portions of adjacent shingles; and light transmissive plates having leading and trailing edges and means engaging said edges in interlocking relationship with said interlocking means such that said plates are securely locked to and spaced from said sheet portion. 2. The invention of claim 1, and: bracket means on the rafters comprising spaced-apart vertical walls having lip and horizontal foot members and barbs for engaging the rafters. 3. The invention of claim 2 wherein: the L-shaped flanges of the interlocking means engage the lip and horizontal foot members of said bracket means. 4. The invention of claim 1 and: said engaging means of the light transmissive plates comprising a rounded forward panel with a reverted lip on the leading edge of said plates and an upward angle strip on the trailing edge thereof; said reverted lip and angle strip of said leading and trailing edges securely locked together between said channels and said upward projections; and said light transmissive plates spaced from said sheet portions thereby providing an insulating space between said sheet portion and said light transmissive plates. 5. A solar collector assembly for mounting on a building frame having laterally spaced rafters, comprising: a plurality of brackets arranged in laterally aligned rows along the rafters, each bracket including spaced apart, upstanding walls with lip members thereon; a plastic insert in each bracket engaged therein by said lips, the inserts having entry portions and retaining lips; a plurality of shingles for mounting in multiple shingle, edge overlapping array on said rafters, the shingles each including elongated shingle portions with upper and lower surfaces; an integrally extruded tube on the lower surface of each of the shingles, said tubes extending the full lengths of the shingles and having open ends; the shingles having upper and lower edges, and having L-shape flanges depending from the upper edges and engaged in the bracket inserts; upward projections on the upper edges of the shingles, and depending projections defining channels on the lower edges, the depending projections engaging over the upward projection of successive shingles, the upward projections seating in the channels; and a series of light transmissive plates having leading and trailing sections, with curvilinear lips on the leading sections engaged within the channels, and angle strips on the trailing sections clamped between the curved lip and the upward projection of succeeding shingles and plates. 6. The invention of claim 5, and: a terminal clip for the last shingle and bracket of a series thereof engaging the angle strip of the plate against the upward projection. 7. The invention of claim 5, and: a fitting for each of the tube ends comprising a body portion having an insert section; the insert section having a plurality of flared portions to expand the tube upon entry therein, and having a knurled engagement portion which seats in said end; and a tool engagement section, and an externally threaded connector. 