A solar energy collection apparatus has a reflector for reflecting the rays of sunlight incident thereupon to, and concentrating them upon, an absorber. Mounting blocks insulate and position the reflector and absorber with respect to each other and to support struts. Due to a wide angle of acceptance of the apparatus, the rays of the sun are collected for a substantial part of a day as well as for a period of time of many days or months. Additionally, the reflector-absorber assembly can be readily adjusted for other periods of time throughout the year by changing the length of the support struts.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A fixed position solar energy collector for reflecting and concentrating radiant energy, comprising: a plurality of reflectors, each said reflector having a reflecting surface for collecting, concentrating, and reflecting solar radiant energy and a non-concentrating surface; each said reflecting surface facing in a southwardly direction; a plurality of absorbers, each said absorber on one side thereof collecting said concentrated and reflected radiant energy from an adjacently positioned one of said reflectors, each said absorber having a conduit; each said absorber spaced from said adjacent reflector; a support strut for supporting said plurality of absorbers and reflectors; a plurality of insulating mounting blocks, each said mounting block located on the non-concentrating side of said absorber and said reflector to said strut and insulating said absorber therefrom and securing said absorber; mounting means for securing said absorbers and reflectors to said mounting blocks and said mounting blocks to said strut; each said absorber having a 12 degree acceptance angle for receiving radiant energy reflected from said reflector; said reflector having an end portion located at X=0.0 and Y=0.0 on an X-Y axis grid; the remaining end portion of said reflector located at the point of about X=8.3 and about Y=7.8 on said X-Y axis grid, and said absorber extending from about 0.25 to about 2.5 on said Y-axis; and the energy collector having a means for positioning said strut at a discrete number of fixed angular positions to called radiant energy throughout a year. 2. A solar energy collector according to claim 1, wherein said absorber mounting block also engages said adjacent reflector and is located beneath said adjacent reflector. 3. A solar energy collector according to claim 2, wherein said reflector surface is a half parabola. 4. A solar energy collector according to claim 1, wherein said mounting block secures said absorber. 5. A solar energy collector according to claim 4, wherein said absorber has a 12 degree acceptance angle for receiving radiant energy reflected from said reflector, wherein said reflector reflecting surface is a half parabola, wherein said remaining end portion of said reflector is located at the point of about X=8.3 and about Y=7.8 on an X-Y axis grid, and wherein said absorber extends from about 0.25 to about 2.5 on said Y-axis. 6. A solar energy collector according to claim 5, wherein said absorber insulating block engages an adjacent reflector, said absorber insulating block insulating said absorber from said reflector, and wherein said absorber is located beneath an adjacent reflector. 7. A solar energy collector according to claim 6, wherein said absorber has a 12 degree acceptance angle for receiving radiant energy reflected from said reflector, wherein said reflector reflecting surface is a half parabola, wherein said remaining end portion of said reflector is located at the point of about X=8.3 and about Y=7.8 on an X-Y axis grid, and wherein said absorber extends from about 0.25 to about 2.5 on said Y-axis. 8. A solar energy collector according to claim 1, including a brace, a plurality of apertures in said brace; said strut having an upper end portion, a release pin located in said upper end portion of said strut; and said release pin engaging one of said plurality of brace apertures so that said solar energy collector is maintained in a fixed position. 9. A solar energy collector according to claim 8, wherein said solar collector brace has a plurality of discreet realignment positions, said release pin is maintained in one of said brace apertures for a period of days. 10. A solar enrgy collector according to claim 9, wherein the number of realignment positions is seven. 11. A solar energy collector according to claim 9, including a plurality of said reflectors, a plurality of said absorbers, a plurality of reflector mounting blocks, a plurality of insulating blocks, said absorber insulating block engaging an adjacent reflector, said absorber insulating block insulating said absorber from said reflector, and wherein said absorber is located beneath an adjacent reflector. 12. A solar energy collector according to claim 11, wherein said absorber has a 12 degree acceptance angle for receiving radiant energy reflected from said reflector, wherein said reflector reflecting surface is a half parabola, and wherein said remaining end portion of said reflector is located at the point of about X=8.3 and about Y=7.8 on an X-Y axis grid. 13. A solar energy collector according to claim 11, wherein the number of realignment positions is 7. 14. A solar energy collector according to claim 12, wherein said absorber extends from about 0.25 to about 2.5 on said Y-axis and wherein said insulating block secures said absorber. 15. A solar energy collector according to claim 12, wherein the number of realignment positions is 7. 16. A solar energy collector according to claim 14, wherein the number of realignment positions is 7. 