A solar energy conversion apparatus having two phases of operation which, in one phase, absorbs thermal energy from sunlight incident on the device, and in a second phase, absorbs energy from air in an attic-type space heated by solar radiation. The two phases may be utilized independently or in concert dependent upon conditions. A solar energy collector is disposed to collect and transfer incident solar energy to a fluid, such as water, flowing through the collector. A heat exchanger is disposed to permit flow of heated air therethrough from an attic-type space in a building, such air having been heated by solar energy incident on the roof of the building. The heat exchanger transfers heat from the air to a fluid, such as water, flowing therethrough. The solar collector and heat exchanger are connected via a plurality of valves and a pump to a water storage tank. Temperature sensors associated with the solar collector, the heat exchanger, and the water storage tank operate a control system which controls the valves and pump to determine the phases of operation of the system.
Claims We claim: 1. A dual-phase solar energy apparatus for mounting on a roof of a building having an attic-type space or the like comprising: solar radiation absorption means for intercepting and absorbing solar radiation, said means having a first fluid-carrying grid for transferring absorbed energy to a fluid flowing therethrough; heat exchange means communicating with an attic-type space for receiving a flow of heated air therefrom, said latter means having a second fluid-carrying grid for transferring energy from the heated air to a fluid flowing therethrough; and control means for controlling the flow of an input fluid through said first grid of said solar radiation absorption means and through said second grid of said heat exchange means in accordance with the temperature of the input fluid relative to the temperature of said first fluid-carrying grid and to the temperature of the heated air. 2. The apparatus as defined in claim 1 in which said solar radiation absorption means comprises: a housing; an energy-absorbing back plate in heat conductive relation to said first fluid-carrying grid; a transparent cover spaced above said first fluid-carrying grid; and heat insulative material disposed below said back plate. 3. The apparatus as defined in claim 1 in which said heat exchange means comprises: an enclosed housing having an inlet opening and an exhaust opening, said housing containing said second fluid-carrying grid, and said inlet opening communicating with the attic space; an exhaust fan disposed in said inlet opening arranged to exhaust air from the attic space into said housing; whereby heated air from said attic space flows in heat exchange relationship to said second fluid-carrying grid and out through said exhaust opening. 4. The apparatus as defined in claim 1 in which said solar radiation absorption means and said heat exchange means are collocated, with said solar radiation absorption means open to solar radiation and said heat exchange means disposed immediately below said solar radiation absorption means and in a common housing means. 5. The apparatus as defined in claim 3 in which said control means comprises: input fluid-carrying lines to the inputs of said first fluid-carrying grid and said second fluid-carrying grid; first valve means interposed in said input lines; output fluid carrying lines from the output of said first fluid-carrying grid and said second fluid-carrying grid; second valve means interposed in said output lines; and fluid storage means connected to said first fluid-carrying grid and said second fluid-carrying grid via said input and output lines, said storage means for storing the fluid to be heated. 6. The apparatus as defined in claim 5 in which said control means further comprises: solar heat sensing means attached to said first fluid-carrying grid; attic air heat sensing means disposed at said inlet opening to said heat exchange means; and fluid heat sensing means disposed so as to measure the temperature of the fluid at the outlet of said storage means. 7. The apparatus as defined in claim 6 in which said control means includes pump means interposed between said storage means and said input lines for circulating said fluid through said first grid and said second grid via said first and second valve means. 8. The apparatus as defined in claim 7 in which said control means further comprises: controller means responsive to each of said temperature sensing means and arranged to cause fluid flow through said solar radiation absorption means when the temperature of said latter means is less than the temperature of the fluid at the outlet of said storage means to cause the fluid to flow through said heat exchange means when the temperature of the air in the attic space is greater than the temperature of the fluid at the outlet of said storage means and to cause the operation of said exhaust fan when fluid is flowing through said second fluid carrying grid. 9. The apparatus as defined in claim 8 in which said controller is arranged to cause the fluid to flow through said second fluid-carrying grid and thereafter to flow through said first fluid-carrying grid when both said solar heat sensing means indicate temperatures greater than that sensed by said fluid heat sensing means. 10. A dual-phase solar water heater comprising: solar radiation absorption panel adapted to be positioned to intercept solar radiation and to be heated by absorption of such radiation; first water-carrying tubing disposed in heat-conductive relation to said panel and having an inlet and outlet; first temperature sensing means attached to said first tubing for sensing the temperature of water therein; heat exchanger adapted to receive a flow of solar-heated air; second water-carrying tubing disposed in said heat exchanger in heat conductive relation to such flow of solar heated air, said second tubing having an inlet and outlet; second temperature sensing means disposed within said heat exchanger for sensing the temperature of the incoming flow of solar-heated air; and control means for controlling the flow of water through said first water-carrying tubing and through said second water-carrying tubing in accordance with the temperature sensed by said first temperature sensing means and the temperature sensed by said second temperature sensing means. 11. The water heater as defined in claim 10 in which said heat exchanger includes fan means for producing the flow of solar-heated air through said heat exchanger. 12. The water heater as defined in claim 11 in which said heat exchanger in adapted to be positioned immediately below said solar radiation absorption panel. 13. The water heater as defined in claim 12 in which said solar radiation absorption panel and said heat exchanger are adapted to be mounted on the roof of a building, and said heat exchanger to communicate with an attic space of said building for receiving solar-heated air from said attic space. 14. The water heater as defined in claim 10 in which said control means comprises: water-carrying lines to the input of said first water-carrying tubing and said second water-carrying tubing; first valve means interposed in said input lines; output water-carrying lines from the outputs of said first water-carrying tubing and said second water-carrying tubing; second valve means interposed in said output lines; and storage tank connected to said first water-carrying tubing and said second water-carrying tubing via said input and output lines. 15. The water heater as defined in claim 14 in which said control means further comprises: valve control means connected to said first valve means and to said second valve means, and responsive to the temperatures sensed by first temperature sensing means and said second temperature sensing means. 16. The water heater as defined in claim 15 in which said control means further comprises water pump means for causing flow of water from said storage tank through said first water-carrying tubing and said second water-carrying tubing via said valves and said water-carrying lines, such flow of water being selectively controlled by said valve control means. 17. A dual-phase solar water heater utilizing solar radiation and solar heated air for mounting on roofs or the like comprising: a box-like enclosure having an upper section and a lower section separated by a heat insulating barrier, said upper section being covered by a transparent heat transmitting panel; a solar energy collector disposed in said upper section positioned to intercept and absorb solar radiation passing through said heat transmitting panel, said collector having a first water-carrying grid of tubing to be heated by absorption of such radiation; a heat exchanger disposed in said lower section having a downward extending air inlet duct for communicating with an attic space, and an exhaust outlet, said heat exchanger having a second water-carrying grid arranged in heat absorbing relationship with heated air flowing from said inlet duct to said exhaust outlet; and fan means positioned adjacent said inlet duct for forcibly moving air from the attic space, through said heat exchanger, and out said exhaust outlet. 18. The solar water heater as defined in claim 17 which further comprises: a storage tank for storing water to be circulated through said first and second water-carrying grids; a pump for forcibly circulating water from said tank, through said first and second grids, and back to said tank; valve means connected to said first and second grids, said pump, and said tank, for controlling such circulation of water, said valve means arranged to provide a first mode of circulation in which water from said tank circulates only through said first grid, a second mode of circulation in which water from said tank circulates only through said second grid, and third mode of circulation in which water from said tank circulates through said second grid and said first grid in a series relation; and control means connected to said valve means and said pump, said control means responsive to the temperatures of said first grid, such attic air, and the water in said tank for controlling said valve means to selectively achieve one of such modes of circulation as determined by pre-selected relationship among such temperatures. 19. The solar water heater as defined in claim 18 in which said control means comprises: first heat sensor disposed in said solar energy collector for sensing a solar temperature; second heat sensor disposed in said air inlet duct for sensing an air temperature; third heat sensor disposed in said water tank for sensing a water temperature; and logic means connected to said first, second and third heat sensors for receiving signals therefrom proportional to the temperatures sensed thereby, said logic means arranged to cause water circulation in such first mode when the sensed solar temperature is greater than the sensed water temperature and the sensed air temperature is less than the sensed water temperature, in such second mode when the sensed solar temperature is less than the sensed water temperature and the sensed air temperature is greater than the sensed water temperature, or in such third mode when the sensed solar and air temperatures are both greater than the sensed water temperature. 20. A solar water heater as defined in claim 19 in which said control means is connected to said fan, and said logic means controls said fan to operate only in such second and third modes of circulation. 