A glass mirror plate and a method for its production is described. The glass mirror plate is characterised by a layer structure consisting of at least a glass layer, a reflective layer, a gummed layer and a supporting plate. The glass layer can be subdivided into single elements or can consist of a pliable glass film. The glass mirror plates are in particular suitable for concentrating solar collectors.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar collector comprising a curved supporting framework; a pliable mirror plate for mounting on said framework comprising a pliable glass film layer, a reflective layer disposed on one surface of said glass film layer, and a gummed layer disposed on said reflective layer; said pliable mirror plate also including a flexible supporting plate supportably underlying said pliable mirror plate; said pliable mirror plate being mounted on said curved supporting framework. 2. A pliable glass mirror plate according to claim 1, wherein a protective layer is provided on the reflective layer. 3. A pliable glass mirror plate according to claim 1 wherein said gummed layer comprises a resilient gum. 4. A pliable glass mirror plate according to claim 1 wherein said gummed layer is discontinuous. 5. A pliable glass mirror plate according to claim 1 wherein said supporting plate consists of a flexible metal or plastic plate. 6. The pliable mirror plate of claim 1, in combination with a pliable layer interposed said gummed layer and said supporting plate; said pliable layer having an adhesive layer thereon engaging said supporting plate. 7. A pliable glass mirror plate according to claim 6 wherein said pliable layer is a member selected from the group consisting of rubber, plastic and foam films. 8. A pliable glass mirror plate according to claim 1, wherein a covering layer having an adhesive layer is arranged on said glass layer with said adhesive layer in engagement with a surface of said glass layer oppositely disposed to said reflective layer. 9. A pliable glass mirror plate according to claim 8 wherein said covering layer comprises a plastic or paper film. 