A device for improving the radiant solar energy collection efficiency of a helix shaped solar collector-concentrator by concentrating the sun's rays on a plurality of specifically positioned energy absorber collecting cores as the sun moves through its solar day without the use of active tracking devices, is provided. By using a helix shaped semi-tubular parabolic collector-concentrator with multiple specifically positioned collecting cores crossing and intersecting the shifting sharp focal axis of the reflective surfaces of the helix shape at a slight angle to the focal axis, rather than being exactly on the focal axis, at least one or more of the collecting core surfaces is in sharp focus at all times, thus optimizing the sun's radiant solar energy collection capacity of said device. Further increased primary direct and non-reflective incident solar energy is collected on a plurality of collecting cores providing additional collection efficiencies. The helix shaped semi-tubular parabolic reflector and the energy absorber cores are enclosed by a transparent, relatively air-tight covering which causes the device to be resistant to environmental factors such as snow, rain, wind, pollution and other atmospheric degradants. The additional confined heat energy generated and trapped within the covered helix shaped semi-tubular parabolic reflector further increases the device's collecting efficiency. In one embodiment the heat energy thus collected may be transferred to a heat absorbing medium to be utilized in a useful manner. In another embodiment the solar energy impinging on the energy absorber collecting cores may be converted by other means such as photoelectric conversion into electrical energy to be utilized and stored.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows: 1. A passive tracking radiant solar energy collector-concentrator device comprising a helix shaped semi-tubular elongated concave-parabolic reflector, wherein said helix shaped semi-tubular concave-parabolic reflective surfaces have as much as a 360 degree spiral running the length of said helix shaped concave-parabolic reflector, said reflector supported by two end pieces, said end pieces supporting a plurality of energy absorber collecting cores, said collecting cores disposed specifically within the sharp shifting focal axis of said reflector element so that the sun's reflective rays impinge on one or more of said collecting cores at all times during the solar day, said collecting cores being disposed within the primary direct and non-reflective incident solar radiant energy to increase the solar energy collection of said collecting cores, said collecting cores disposed to accommodate a heat exchange medium, said heat exchange medium to receive the energy from said collector cores and absorb said energy for use by a utilization means, said helix shaped semi-tubular concave-parabolic reflector and said collecting cores being enclosed by a transparent covering which when placed over said helix reflector and said collecting cores institutes an atmospheric protector and heat loss inhibitor. 2. A device according to claim 1 wherein said helix shaped concave-parabolic collector-concentrator being disposed to accept up to 179 degree aperture of solar energy passively throughout the solar day without the use of opto-electrical-mechanical tracking devices. 3. A device according to claim 1 wherein said plurality of energy absorber collecting cores are attached to said end pieces and in so attaching are specifically supported within the shifting sharp focal axis of said helix shaped concave-parabolic reflector. 4. A device according to claim 3 wherein one or more said collecting cores being sequentially disposed at different times of the daylight hours within said helix shaped semi-tubular parabolic reflector's said sharp focal axis of said impinging solar radiation, are positioned specifically so as to collect said solar radiation by causing said focal axis to impringe semi-spirally around said collecting cores being disposed at a slight off-angle to said focal axis. 5. A device according to claim 1 wherein said specifically positioned collecting cores are combined to accommodate the passage of a heat exchange medium. 6. A device according to claim 1 wherein said energy absorber collecting cores are composed of photovoltaic cells disposed within said helix shaped concave-parabolic reflector and said heat transfer medium comprises electrical connections made to said utilization means to collect and store the electrical energy created by photoelectric conversion. 7. A device according to claim 1 wherein said reflector being helix shaped is parabolic in formation. 8. A device according to claim 1 wherein said transparent covering is made to be snow, wind, rain, and atmospheric pollutant degradation resistant and attached to said helix shaped concave-parabolic reflector. 9. A device according to claim 1 further comprising an improved apparatus for mounting said radiant solar energy helix shaped concave-parabolic collector-concentrator wherein the improvement comprises a joined and continuous outer tubing frame, said tubing frame is formed into a rounded corner rectangle running the full side and end lengths of said helix shaped reflector and is attached to said helix shaped collector-concentrator and mounting surface. 