A multiple layer coating is disclosed which enables a window unit to function efficiently as a solar energy collector in winter and as a heat shield in summer. The coating comprises a layer of metal which provides high reflectance of incident solar energy from one side of a coated transparent substrate and a layer which provides high absorption of incident solar energy by the other side of the coated substrate. The absorbing layer may be a single film of a highly absorptive material, but is preferably a dual film of an absorptive material covered by an antireflective material. The absorptive layer may also comprise multiple alternating films of metal and dielectric materials which effectively absorb incident solar energy. The reflective and absorptive layers are selected to provide the coated article with a low U-value to prevent heat radiation from the warm building to the cold environment in winter and from the hot environment to the cooled building in summer.
Claims I claim: 1. A coated article for alternately reflecting and absorbing incident solar energy comprising: a. a transparent substrate; b. a reflective coating layer of metal, deposited on a surface of said transparent substrate; c. an absorptive coating layer, deposited on said metal; and d. an antireflective material selected from the group consisting of silicon oxides, aluminum oxides and magnesium fluoride deposited on said absorptive coating layer. 2. A coated article according to claim 1, wherein the substrate is glass. 3. A coated article according to claim 1, wherein the metal is selected from the group consisting of aluminum, chromium, platinum, molybdenum, silver, gold and copper. 4. A coated article according to claim 1, wherein said absorptive coating layer comprises a semiconducting material having an absorption edge between about 1 and 4 microns. 5. A coated glass article according to claim 1, wherein the article has a luminous transmittance of at least about 0.5 percent, a reflectance from the uncoated surface of the substrate of at least about 40 percent and an absorption by the coated surface of at least about 40 percent. 6. A coated article for alternately reflecting and absorbing incident solar energy comprising: a. a transparent substrate; b. a reflective coating layer of metal deposited on a surface of said substrate; and c. an absorptive coating layer which comprises a material selected from the group consisting of germanium and silicon deposited on said metal. 7. A coated article for alternately reflecting and absorbing incident solar energy comprising: a. a transparent substrate; b. a reflective coating layer of metal deposited on a surface of said substrate; and c. an absorptive coating layer which comprises alternating layers of metal and dielectric materials which effectively absorb incident solar energy deposited on said metal. 8. A multiple glazed window unit for alternately reflecting and absorbing a significant portion of incident solar energy comprising: a. at least two transparent substrates in facing relationship; b. a reflective metal coating deposited on one of the substrates on a surface facing another substrate; and c. an absorptive coating, deposited on said metal coating, which absorbs more and reflects less incident solar energy than said metal coating, and which comprises, as its exposed surface, an antireflective material selected from the group consisting of silicon oxide, aluminum oxide and magnesium fluoride. 9. A window unit according to claim 8, wherein the transparent substrates are glass. 10. A window unit according to claim 9, wherein the unit has a luminous transmittance of at least about 5 percent, a reflectance from the glass surface of at least about 40 percent and a U-value less than about 0.5 BTU per hour-square foot-.degree.F. 11. A window unit according to claim 8, wherein the metal is selected from the group consisting of aluminum, platinum, chromium, molybdenum, silver, gold and copper. 12. A window unit according to claim 8, wherein the absorptive coating comprises a semiconducting material with an absorption edge in the range of 1 to 4 microns. 13. A window unit for alternately reflecting and absorbing incident solar energy comprising: a. at least two transparent substrates in facing relationship; b. a reflective metal coating deposited on one of the substrates on a surface facing another substrate; and c. an absorptive coating which comprises alternating layers of metal and dielectric materials which cooperate to effectively absorb incident solar energy. 14. A window unit for alternately reflecting and absorbing incident solar energy comprising: a. at least two transparent substrates in facing relationship; b. a reflective metal coating deposited on one of the substrates on a surface facing another substrate; and c. an absorptive coating which comprises an absorptive material selected from the group consisting of germanium and silicon deposited on said metal coating. 15. A reversible multiple glazed window unit for alternately reflecting and absorbing incident solar energy comprising: a. at least two transparent substrates in facing relationship; b. a reflective metal coating deposited on one of the substrates on a surface facing another substrate; c. an absorptive coating, deposited on said metal, which reflects less and absorbs more incident solar energy than said metal, and which comprises, as its exterior surface, an antireflective material selected from the group consisting of silicon oxide, aluminum oxide and magnesium fluoride; d. frame means for enclosing the substrates in an integral unit; and e. means for pivotally mounting the unit in a wall opening so that the unit may be rotated from one orientation to the opposite orientation. 16. A reversible window unit according to claim 15, wherein: a. two transparent substrates are glass in spaced facing relationship; b. the metal coating is selected from the group consisting of aluminum, platinum, chromium, germanium, molybdenum, silver, gold and copper; c. the absorptive coating comprises an absorptive material selected from the group consisting of semiconducting materials having an absorption edge between about 1 and 4 microns; and d. the unit has a luminous transmittance of at least about 6 percent and a reflectance from the glass surface of the coated substrate of at least about 40 percent. 17. A reversible window unit for alternately reflecting and absorbing incident solar energy comprising: a. at least two transparent substrates in facing relationship; b. a reflective metal coating selected from the group consisting of aluminum, platinum, chromium and molybdenum deposited on a surface of a substrate facing another substrate; c. an absorptive coating which comprises a material selected from the group consisting of germanium and silicon deposited on said metal; d. frame means for enclosing the substrate in an integral unit; e. means for pivotally mounting the unit in a wall opening so that the unit may be rotated from one orientation to the opposite orientation; wherein the unit has a U-value less than about 0.5 BTU per hour-square foot-.degree.F. and a shading coefficient less than about 0.6 and further comprises means for sealing the edges of the substrate to provide a moisture-free air space between the substrates. 