A laser stabilizing apparatus employs two feedback control loops. One control loop serves to monitor the light intensity output of the laser and provides an error output signal which is compared with a reference signal to develop a control signal that is integrated and used to control the output level of the laser diode during normal operation. In such operation, the laser diode is modulated according to an input signal which possesses a balanced duty factor. If the duty factor of this signal becomes imbalanced, a second control loop detects the imbalance and operates via the integrator to turn the laser diode off to thus prevent facet damage. The circuitry described operates at a substantial power saving due to the fact that there is no prebias current applied to the laser and hence, the laser operates between a conducting and nonconducting mode and under control of the above described loops.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Stabilizing apparatus for controlling the output radiation from a laser modulated according to an input signal optimumly possessing a balanced duty factor, in combination therewith of apparatus for deenergizing said laser when said input signal deviates from said balanced duty factor, comprising: means responsive to said input signal to develop an output control signal indicative of the duty factor of said input signal, and means coupled to said laser and responsive to said control signal for substantially reducing current conduction of said laser when said control signal is of a predetermined value indicative of said duty factor falling below an acceptable margin. 2. The stabilizing apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said laser is a semiconductor laser diode modulated according to said input signal by conducting current during the presence of a first logic level and ceasing conduction during the presence of a second logic level. 3. The stabilizing apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said means responsive to said input signal includes a low pass filter having an input terminal responsive to said input signal and an output terminal for providing only the low frequency components of said input signal. 4. The stabilizing apparatus according to claim 3 further including a comparator circuit having a first input coupled to said output terminal of said low pass filter and a second input coupled to a reference source indicative of a permissible range of low frequency components to provide at an output, a control signal indicative of said duty factor falling below said acceptable margin. 5. The stabilizing apparatus according to claim 1 further including: means optically coupled to said laser to provide at an output, a signal proportional to the light intensity of said laser, means for comparing said signal with a predetermined reference signal to provide another control signal according to any difference between said light intensity signal and said reference signal, and means for applying said other control signal to said laser to control said output light radiation according to said other control signal. 6. Stabilizing apparatus for use with a semiconductor laser diode, comprising in combination: current modulation means coupled to said laser diode and operative to control the current through said diode to turn said diode on or off in response to an input signal, translator means having an input terminal adapted to receive a balanced duty factor signal and an output terminal for providing a bipolar signal, with said output terminal coupled to said modulation means for turning said diode on or off in response to said bipolar signal, first control means including detector means optically coupled to said diode to provide a first control signal indicative of the light intensity output of said laser second control means including comparator means operative to monitor said bipolar signal to provide a second control signal when the duty cycles of said bipolar signal and therefore said input signal falls below an acceptable margin, common control means having an output coupled to said laser for controlling the output thereof, said common control means having first and second inputs for respectively receiving said first and second control signals, to substantially reduce conduction of said laser when said light intensity exceeds a predetermined value as determined by either said first or second control means. 7. The stabilizing apparatus according to claim 6 wherein said common control means includes an operational amplifier integrator configuration having an output coupled to said laser diode and a first input responsive to said first control signal and a second input responsive to said second control signal. 8. The stabilizing apparatus according to claim 6 wherein said second control means includes a low pass filter having an input adapted to receive said bipolar signal for providing an output signal mainly comprising low frequency components indicative of an imbalance in duty cycle for application of said output signal to said comparator. 9. The stabilizing apparatus according to claim 6 wherein said detector means included in said first control means includes a PIN diode operating in a low level photovoltaic mode. 10. The stabilizing apparatus according to claim 6 wherein said current modulation means includes a voltage follower transistor configuration having a collector to emitter path in series with said laser diode, with a control base electrode coupled to said output of said common control means for controlling the current through said diode strictly according to said first and second control signals. 