The invention relates to reflective means for use in solar energy utilizing apparatus and including reflective surfaces comprising two or more adjacent parallel troughs having inner surfaces with a reflective layer or coating, said troughs also having wall edge portions secured together to provide at least one inner wall and two outer walls, the cross-section of each trough being a portion of a parabola, said outer walls of end troughs following a longer portion of a parabola than the inner walls. Thus, the cross-sectional configuration of a twin trough arrangement resembles a letter "W".
Claims I claim: 1. Reflective means for use in solar energy utilizing apparatus and including reflective surfaces, comprising two or more adjacent parallel troughs having inner surfaces with a reflective layer or coating, said troughs also having wall edge portions secured together to provide at least one inner wall and two outer walls, the cross section of each trough being a portion of a parabola, said outer walls of end troughs following a longer portion of a parabola than the inner walls, each said trough having a separate and distinct focal point. 2. Reflective means as claimed in claim 1, wherein there are two troughs, secured along adjacent wall edge portions to form a single inner wall which is shallower than the outer walls of the troughs. 3. Reflective means as claimed in claim 1, wherein there are two end troughs having outer walls deeper than their inner walls and at least one intervening trough having two walls of the same dimensions as said inner walls and secured therewith. 4. Reflective means as claimed in claim 1, wherein there is provided to cover said troughs at least one layer of material capable of transmitting visible and infra-red radiation, said layer(s) having an inner surface coated with material reflective to long wavelength infra-red radiation. 5. Reflective means as claimed in claim 4 wherein the layer is glass. 6. Reflective means as claimed in claim 1, wherein said one of said two outer walls follows a still longer portion of a parabola than the other of the two walls. 7. Reflective means as claimed in claim 1, wherein there is a provided means for being heated by the radiation reflected from said troughs comprising a plurality of tubes wherein each said tube is disposed along the axis which defines the focal point of each said trough. 8. Reflective means as claimed in claim 1, wherein there is provided separate, like absorbing means, each situated at the focal point of a reflective trough, for absorbing the radiation reflected from said trough. 9. Reflective means as claimed in claim 8, wherein each said absorbing means comprises a tube. 10. A parabolic reflector unit for incorporation in a solar energy utilization apparatus of the type having an elongated energy collection device, comprising: first and second individual parabolic cylindrical reflectors mounted together with their longitudinal axes parallel, the wall of at least one of said first and second reflectors which is further from the other reflector being longer than the wall nearer the other reflector, the line of focus of each said first and second parabolic, cylindrical reflectors being situated on a respective opposite side of the axis of symmetry of said unit, a separate elongated energy collection device being mountable along each of said lines of focus. 11. A parabolic reflector unit according to claim 10 wherein each line of focus is situated within the trough of the respective reflector at a height less than the wall of that reflector nearer the other reflector. 12. A parabolic reflector unit according to claim 10 wherein there is provided means for mounting a separate elongated energy collection device along each of said lines of focus. 