A solar energy concentrator comprises an elongated, linear collector for receiving concentrated solar energy, mounted to extend longitudinally in an East-West direction and spaced above a supporting surface. An array of separate, elongated solar energy reflectors are provided for reflecting received solar energy upwardly and focusing the same along the collector. The reflectors are mounted in parallel, elongated rows, parallel of the collector and at a level below the same. The reflectors are aligned coaxially in end to end relation in rows and are formed into modular columns transverse or normal to the collector. Each reflector is mounted in a support for individual pivotal movement about a longitudinal axis parallel of the collector and a novel drive system is provided for interconnecting the supports and pivoting the same in unison to substantially continuously reflect the received solar energy in a focused manner on the collector as the angle of elevation of the sun's rays is changed during the day.
Claims What is claimed as new and desired to be secured by Letters Patent of the United States is: 1. A solar energy concentrator comprising: an elongated collector for receiving concentrated solar energy and positioned to extend longitudinally in an East-West direction spaced above a supporting surface; a horizontal array of separate, elongated, thin, flat, solar energy reflectors for reflecting received solar energy and focusing the same upwardly toward said collector, said reflectors mounted in parallel, elongated rows extended parallel of said collector and at a level spaced below the same with said reflectors in end to end relation in each row and forming columns of reflectors normal to said rows; support means for supporting opposite ends of each reflector, said support means including a substantially flat base member having an upstanding flange portion on opposite sides and means pivotally mounting each base portion, said support means being unobstructed in a generally upward direction thereby permitting removal and/or replacement of each reflector by movement in a generally upward and/or downward direction with respect to said support means associated therewith; a generally horizontal floor structure having a plurality of spaced apart, parallel rails disposed adjacent opposite ends of the reflectors in each column of the array, each said reflector being independently, pivotally supported from a pair of said rails at opposite ends; an enclosure above said floor structure comprising a roof structure sloping upwardly of a longitudinal edge of said floor structure toward a ridge parallel of said collector, said roof structure including transparent panels for transmitting solar energy downwardly toward said reflectors on said floor structure, and a back wall sloping upwardly of an opposite longitudinal edge of said floor structure joining said roof structure adjacent said ridge; and drive means interconnecting said supports in each column for pivotally moving said reflectors in unison to substantially continuously reflect received solar energy toward said collector as the angle of elevation of said received solar energy changes. 2. The solar energy concentrator of claim 1 wherein; said drive means includes an actuating arm for each support having one end secured to said support and extending radially outwardly of the longitudinal pivot axis thereof, and a column drive element pivotally connected to the arm of each support in a column of said array for pivotally moving said reflectors of said column in unison. 3. The solar energy concentrator of claim 2 including; adjustable connector means for securing each arm to an associated support at a selected one of a plurality of different relative angular positions about said longitudinal pivot axis. 4. The solar energy concentrator of claim 3 wherein said connector means includes; means for securing each arm to an associated support throughout a range of relative angular positions therebetween. 5. The solar energy concentrator of claim 1 wherein said drive means includes; means for sensing the position of said focused solar energy relative to the position of said collector and moving said reflectors in response thereto to maximize the energy received by said collector. 6. The solar energy concentrator of claim 5 wherein said sensing means includes a pair of sensors dispose on opposite sides of said collector adjacent the level thereof for activating said drive means to move said reflectors to maintain the focus of solar energy on said collector as the elevation angle of the solar energy received is changing. 7. The solar energy concentrator of claim 1 wherein said drive means includes; means for sensing the level of solar energy focused toward said collector for activating and deactivating said drive means for movement of said reflectors. 8. The solar energy concentrator of claim 7 including; means for deactivating said drive means when said level of focused solar energy is below a selected minimum value. 9. The solar energy concentrator of claim 7 including; means for activating said drive means for movement of said reflectors to focus reflected solar energy toward said collector when said level of focused solar energy is above a selected minimum value. 10. The solar energy concentrator of claim 2 wherein said drive means includes; an elongated shaft parallel of said collector supported for axial rotation adjacent said floor structure and one or more torque arms mounted on said shaft adjacent each of said rails and interconnected with a column element associated therewith for moving the same to rotate said reflectors in response to rotation of said shaft. 11. The solar energy concentrator of claim 10 wherein said drive means includes; rotor means for rotating said shaft; and means for sensing the position of said focused solar energy relative to said collector and energizing said motor means to rotate said elongated shaft for movement of said reflectors to maximize the energy received by said collector. 12. The solar energy concentrator of claim 11 wherein said motor means includes; a reversible electric motor having a rotor shaft and reduction gear means drivingly interconnecting said rotor shaft and said elongated shaft. 13. The solar energy concentrator of claim 11 wherein said motor means is drivingly interconnected with said elongated shaft adjacent a mid-portion thereof. 14. The solar energy concentrator of claim 12 wherein said reduction gear means includes an interconnecting worm and gear combination. 15. The solar energy concentrator of claim 13 including a plurality of columns of said reflectors disposed on opposite sides of said motor means longitudinally along an elongated shaft. 16. The solar energy concentrator of claim 1 wherein said drive means includes; feedback means responsive to the position of said focused solar energy for pivoting said reflectors to maximize said energy focused on said collector. 17. The solar energy concentrator of claim 1 including feedback means responsive to a reflected image of said solar energy focused toward said collector. 18. The solar energy concentrator of claim 1 wherein said reflectors comprise mirrors removably mounted and supported from an underside on a pivotally mounted support. 19. The solar energy concentrator of claim 1 including a pair of end wall structures extending upwardly of said floor structure joining said roof structure and said back wall for enclosing said reflectors and collector from external atmosphere. 20. The solar energy concentrator of claim 1 wherein said collector is supported adjacent said ridge. 