A solar heat collector panel having an absorber plate with fins as part thereof to reduce convection air currents and heat loss from the panel. A screen disposed above a collector plate also reduces the undesired convection air currents. A fluid carrying pipe is attached to the collector plate by snapping into channels therein after a sealer material has been placed in the channel.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar energy collecting panel, comprising: a two dimensional heat absorber having a substantially flat bottom, means in heat contact relationship with said absorber for providing a plurality of fluid conduits thereacross in one direction and substantially parallel to one another, an enclosure for said absorber and said fluid path means, said enclosure including a heat radiation transparent glazing positioned thereacross in a manner to keep air from escaping from above said absorber, said absorber including a plurality of fins rising from the substantially flat bottom portion and extending in said one direction along its length substantially parallel to one another, the spacing of said fins being substantially within the range of 0.5 inch to 3.0 inch, the height of each fin being substantially in the range of 0.25 inch to 1.0 inch and the distance between the flat bottom portion of said absorber and said glazing being substantially within the range of 0.5 inch to 1.5 inch, whereby undesired convection air currents within said enclosure are minimized and the efficiency of the collector increased. 2. The solar energy collecting panel according to claim 1 wherein the ratio of distance between the absorber and the glazing to the distance between fins along the absorber flat bottom is substantially equal to one, and further wherein the ratio of the fin height to the distance from the absorber bottom to the glazing lies substantially within a range of 0.5 to 0.75. 3. The solar energy collecting panel according to claim 1 wherein the spacing between said fins and the height of said fins are each substantially one inch. 4. The solar energy collecting panel according to claim 1 which additionally comprises a mesh screen layer disposed between said glazing in the top of said fins. 5. The solar energy collecting panel according to claim 1 wherein the distance between the flat bottom portion of said absorber and said glazing is substantially equal to the spacing between said fins. 6. The solar energy collecting panel according to claim 1, wherein the ratio of the fin height to the distance from the absorber bottom to the glazing lies substantially within a range of 0.5 to 0.75. 7. A solar energy collecting panel installation, comprising: a two dimensional heat absorber, means in heat contact relationship with said absorber for providing a plurality of fluid conduits thereacross in one direction, and an enclosure for said absorber and said fluid path means, said enclosure including a substantially flat heat radiation transparent glazing positioned thereacross in a manner to keep air from escaping from above said absorber, said absorber including a plurality of fins rising from a flat bottom portion in an integral construction and extending in said one direction along its length parallel to one another, a ratio of the height of each of said fins to the distance from the absorber bottom to the glazing lies substantially within a range of 0.5 to 0.75, and a ratio of a distance between the absorber bottom and the glazing to the distance between fins along the absorber flat bottom is substantially equal to one, and means for mounting the collecting panel with its absorber at a finite angle with horizontal but with said fins extending substantially horizontally, whereby undersired convection air currents within said enclosure are minimized and the efficiency of the collector increased. 8. The solar energy collecting panel installation according to claim 7, wherein said finite angle is substantially forty-five degrees. 9. A solar energy collecting panel, comprising: a two-dimensional heat absorber having a substantially flat bottom, means in heat contact relationship with said absorber for providing a plurality of fluid conduits thereacross in one direction and substantially parallel with one another, and an enclosure for said absorber and said fluid path means, said enclosure including a substantially flat layer of heat radiation transparent glazing positioned thereacross in a manner to keep air from escaping above said absorber, said absorber including a plurality of fins rising from the substantially flat bottom portion of the absorber toward said glazing and extending in said one direction across the absorber substantially parallel to one another, a distance between the absorber and the glazing being substantially equal to a spacing between said fins, and further wherein the ratio of the fin height to the distance from the absorber bottom to the glazing lies substantially within a range of 0.5 to 0.75 whereby undesired convection air currents within said enclosure are minimized and the efficiency of the collector increased. 