The engine of the present invention includes a cylindrical, elongated boiler housing with a turbine mounted within it, and the turbine and boiler rotate relative to each other. Heat is applied to the outside of the boiler and converts a liquid working fluid in the boiler to vapor. A shroud in the boiler directs the vapor to the turbine to cause the turbine to rotate in one direction. Because the boiler can rotate, the boiler and shroud rotate about the shaft in a direction opposite the rotation of the turbine. Centrifugal force holds the liquid working fluid against the boiler walls. After passing through the turbine, the working fluid is condensed and it is injected through a hole into the boiler by centrifugal force. The novel condenser which rotates with the boiler housing relies on the centrifugal force developed by rotation. Solar energy, the preferred heat source, is concentrated to a hot line on the boiler. The rotation of the boiler exposes the entire surface to the hot line. The solar collectors are in an array to concentrate the solar energy into two hot lines, one on each side of the boiler. An insulating enclosure around the boiler maintains the heat of the boiler, but windows are provided through the enclosure for allowing the hot lines to pass through.
Claims I claim: 1. In an engine comprising a turbine and a boiler, the boiler having at least one boiler wall, heating means for heating the boiler for converting a liquid working fluid in the boiler to gas, the improvement comprising: mounting means for mounting the turbine within the boiler such that the boiler and the turbine rotate relative to each other and shroud means in the housing for directing the gas to the turbine, and condensing means downstream of the turbine for cooling the working fluid and converting it back to liquid and pump means downstream of the condensing means for interjecting the working fluid between the shroud and the wall of the boiler. 2. In the engine of claim 1, the improvement further comprising having the pump means being mounted through a portion of the shroud for directing the liquid working fluid through the shroud. 3. In the engine of claim 1, the condensing means comprising a sealed system having a secondary fluid sealed within it, the sealed system having a plurality of spaced-apart concentric annular chambers, conduit means connecting adjacent annular chambers, a plurality of annular passageways, one between each annular chamber, means for directing the vapor of the working fluid through the annular passageways whereby the working fluid condenses on the annular chambers causing the secondary fluid to vaporize, a heat sink, tube means in the sealed system having a first portion for directing the vapor of the secondary fluid to the heat sink where it condenses and a second portion for directing the condensate to the annular chambers, collecting means for collecting the condensate of the working fluid and for directing it to the pump means. 4. In the engine of claim 3, the improvement further comprising, means between the condensing means and the housing for causing the cooling means to rotate about the axis about which the chambers are concentric, the collector means being spaced radially outward from the annular passageways and at the downstream end of the annular passageways whereby centrifugal force from the rotation of the condensing means directs the condensate of the working fluid to the collector means. 5. In the engine of claim 4, the improvement further comprising the provision of the heat sink being mounted at the axis of the condensing means, the second portion of the tube means angling away from the axis from the heat sink to the innermost concentric chamber whereby centrifugal force drives the liquid working fluid through the second portion of the tube means. 6. In the engine of claim 5, the improvement further comprising the provision of the conduit means having two sets of conduits, the first set connecting the outside wall of each progressive annular chamber with the chamber surrounding the first mentioned chamber for conducting the liquid secondary fluid to outside annular chambers and the second set of conduits connecting each annular chamber for conducting vapor secondary fluid to the innermost annular chamber to the first portion of the tube means. 7. In the engine of claim 1, the improvement comprising secondary housing means on the downstream end of the turbine for receiving the working fluid from the turbine, for condensing the working fluid thereon, and for holding a secondary working fluid therewithin, the secondary housing being heated by the condensation, a secondary turbine in the secondary housing, the secondary working fluid within the secondary housing being heated and vaporized by the heated secondary housing, a secondary shroud for directing the vaporized secondary working fluid to the secondary turbine whereby the secondary turbine rotates as a result of vaporized secondary fluid passing through it. 8. In the engine of claim 7, the improvement comprising the secondary housing being fixed to the boiler. 9. In the engine of claim 8, the improvement comprising the turbine having a shaft, the shroud being fixed to the boiler and the shroud and boiler rotating about the shaft of the turbine. 10. In the engine of claim 9, the improvement comprising the secondary turbine having a shaft, and means between the shaft of the secondary turbine and the secondary housing for permitting rotation of the shaft of the secondary turbine relative to the secondary housing. 11. In the engine of claim 9, the improvement comprising a generator in the secondary housing, first transmission means for driving a first portion of the generator through the relative rotation of the shaft and the boiler, a second transmission means for driving a second portion of the generator through the relative rotation of the secondary housing and the shaft of the secondary turbine. 12. In the engine of claim 11, the improvement comprising the provision of the first and second transmission means comprising a magnet on the shaft and the shaft of the secondary turbine respectively and a magnet on the first and second portions of the generator respectively whereby the generator is driven by magnetic connections. 13. In the engine of claim 7, the improvement further comprising the heating means comprising solar collector means and concentrating means for concentrating the solar radiant energy into substantially a plane to fall at least one line on the boiler. 14. In an engine comprising a turbine and a boiler, the boiler having at least one boiler wall, heating means for heating the boiler for converting a liquid working fluid in the boiler to gas, the improvement comprising: mounting means for mounting the turbine within the boiler such that the boiler and the turbine rotate relative to each other and shroud means in the housing for directing the gas to the turbine, the improvement further comprising the turbine having a shaft, the shroud being fixed to the boiler and the shroud and boiler rotating about the shaft of the turbine, and pump means being mounted through a portion of the shroud for directing the liquid working fluid through the shroud. 15. In the engine of claim 14, the pump means comprising an opening through the shroud whereby the rotation of the shroud directs the liquid working fluid by centrifugal force through the pump means. 16. In an engine comprising a turbine and a boiler, the boiler having an elongated, generally cylindrical boiler wall, heating means for heating the boiler for converting a liquid working fluid in the boiler to gas, the improvement comprising: mounting means for mounting the turbine within the boiler such that the boiler and the turbine rotate relative to each other and shroud means in the housing for directing the gas to the turbine, the heating means comprising means for directing heat energy to the entire length of the boiler wall over at least a portion of the circumference. 17. In the engine of claim 16, the improvement further comprising the heating means comprising solar collector means and concentrating means for concentrating the solar radiant energy into substantially a plane to fall along at least one line on the boiler wall. 18. In the engine of claim 17, the improvement further comprising an enclosure around the boiler for insulating the boiler, the enclosure having at least one window therethrough for passing the concentrated solar energy to the boiler wall. 19. In the engine of claim 18, the enclosure comprising means for reflecting reflected solar energy from the boiler wall back onto the boiler wall. 20. In the engine of claim 17, the solar collecting means comprising an array of collector sections on both sides of the boiler, the array extending substantially the entire length of the boiler and extending in directions away from the boiler to include a sufficient number of collector sections to give sufficient heat to the boiler. 21. In the engine of claim 20, the improvement in the solar collector further comprising, each collector section having a converging means for converging the solar rays to a collimating means extending parallel to the housing, the collimating means directing the converged rays into parallel paths, and reflecting means for directing the parallel rays from the collimating means to the boiler. 22. In the engine of claim 21, the improvement in the solar collector further comprising mounting means for mounting the reflecting means of each collector section out of the path of the rays reflected from the collector sections successively farther from the boiler. 23. In the engine of claim 21, the improvement further comprising an enclosure around the boiler for insulating the boiler, the enclosure having a window therethrough on both sides of the enclosure for passing solar energy therethrough to the boiler wall, means on the reflecting means for aiming the rays from the collimating means at the window on the side of the enclosure of the respective array. 24. In the engine of claim 16, the improvement further comprising to provision of the heating means comprising a solar collector, means on the solar collector for directing the solar energy along at least one plane to the boiler through the axis of rotation of the boiler. 25. In a boiler having a housing for containing working fluid therein, the boiler having an elongated, generally cylindrical boiler wall for transferring heat energy from a source to inside of the boiler to heat the working fluid to convert it from a liquid to a gas, the improvement comprising: rotation means for rotating the boiler to present different portions of the boiler wall to the heat source, the boiler containing a relatively small amount of working fluid, the rotation means rotating the boiler at at least a velocity sufficient to cause the working fluid to form a thin film by centrifugal force on the inside of the boiler wall. 26. In the boiler of claim 25, the improvement further comprising the provision of the rotation means including a turbine mounted within the boiler whereby the turbine rotates due to the pressure of the gaseous working fluid passing through the turbine to rotate the turbine and boiler relative to each other, and an electrical generator within the boiler operatively connected to the turbine for generating electricity upon rotation of the turbine, whereby the turbine, shroud means and generator are maintained in the boiler under hermetic seal. 27. In the boiler of claim 25, the improvement further comprising a barrier plate inside of the housing having a nozzle therethrough, a condenser plate inside of the barrier plate, nozzle means for directing the gaseous working fluid through the barrier plate to the condensing plate, and chamber means beneath the condensing plate for holding a second liquid working fluid, whereby the heat of condensation by the working fluid which passes through the nozzle to the condensing plate causes the secondary working fluid to heat, and heat transfer means for utilizing the heat of the secondary fluid. 28. A condenser for condensing saturated vapor to liquid, the condenser comprising a sealed system having a secondary fluid sealed within it, the sealed system having a plurality of spaced-apart concentric annular chambers, conduit means connecting adjacent annular chambers, a plurality of annular passageways, one between each annular chamber, means for directing the saturated vapor through the annular passageways whereby the saturated vapor condenses on the annular chambers causing the secondary fluid to vaporize, a heat sink, tube means in the sealed system having a first portion for directing the vapor of the secondary fluid to the heat sink where it condenses and a second portion for directing the condensate to the annular chambers, collecting means for collecting the condensate of the saturated vapor, and means for rotating the condensing means whereby the condensate and liquid secondary fluid are forced to the outside surfaces of the passageways and annular chambers respectively but the saturated vapor and vapor secondary fluid are not moved by centrifugal force so that the centrifugal force directs the liquid through the condenser to their desired location. 29. The condenser of claim 28 wherein the collector means are spaced radially outward from the annular passageways and at the downstream end of the annular passageways whereby centrifugal force from the rotation of the condensing means directs the condensate of the saturated vapor to the collector means. 30. The condenser of claim 28 wherein the conduit means has two sets of conduits, the first set connecting the outside wall of each progressive annular chamber with the chamber surrounding the first mentioned chamber for conducting the liquid secondary fluid to outside annular chambers, and the second set of conduits connecting each annular chamber for conducting vapor secondary fluid to the innermost annular chamber, means connecting the innermost annular chamber to a heat sink whereby the vapor secondary fluid is condensed and second means for connecting the heat sink with the chambers for directing the condensed secondary fluid back to the chambers. 31. A solar collector comprising an array of collector sections on at least one side of an object to be heated, the array extending substantially the entire length of the object and a distance radially outward from the object, each array having converging means for converging the solar rays along a line substantially parallel to the object, collimating means at the line extending parallel to the object for directing the converged rays into parallel paths and reflecting means for directing the parallel rays from the collimating means to the object. 32. The solar collector of claim 31 wherein the array has collector sections extending away from the object and mounting means for mounting the reflecting means of each collector section out of the path of the rays reflected from the collector sections successively farther from the housing. 33. The collector of claim 32 wherein the reflector means aim the collimated rays to a hot line on the object. 34. A system for electrical generation from solar energy comprising: (a) an elongated engine; (b) an array of solar collectors on each side of the engine; (c) the engine including an elongated boiler and a turbine mounted within the boiler, the turbine and the boiler rotating relative to each other; (d) concentrating means for concentrating the solar energy of the array and directing the energy to the boiler to heat a working fluid contained in the housing to convert it to gas; (e) shroud means for directing the gas into the turbine; and (f) means for mounting the boiler for rotation whereby the gas passing through the turbine causes the boiler to rotate around the turbine. 