A solar energy heated structure, such as an occupied building or greenhouse, includes a walled structure enclosing space volume. A movable insulated panel with a reflective surface is pivotably supported within the space volume. In a first position the panel cooperates with an insulated portion of the walled structure to enclose a lower portion of the space volume containing the occupied portion or plant bed and prevents loss of heat therefrom. In a second position the panel is disposed in an upper portion of the space volume, so that solar energy entering the overall space volume through a light transmitting portion of the walled structure is reflected onto the solar energy user by the reflective surface of the panel.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows: 1. A solar energy collection device comprising: a walled structure having a plurality of walls with upper and lower portions defining a first lower space volume and a second upper space volume, at least the lower portions of the walls being insulated, one of said walls being light transmitting for substantially its entire height and having its lower portion insulated with light transmitting material; an insulated panel in the upper space volume and having a reflective major surface; means for generally horizontally supporting the panel in a first position to enclose the lower space volume in cooperation with the insulated lower portions of the walls to prevent heat loss therefrom; and means for pivoting said panel into an inclined second position with said reflective surface of the panel facing the lower space volume for diverting substantial amounts of the solar radiation passing through the upper portion of said light transmitting wall directly into the lower space volume to thereby increase the amount of solar radiation therein. 2. The solar energy collection device of claim 1 including a plant bed disposed within said first lower space volume, whereby the solar radiation reflected onto the plants includes wavelengths which aid photosynthesis. 3. The solar energy collection device of claim 1 wherein the second upper space volume is in direct communication with the first lower space volume when the panel is in one of the second positions and the panel seals off communication between the second upper space volume and the first lower space volume when in the first position. 4. The solar energy collection device of claim 1 wherein the walled structure is an A-frame comprising: two longitudinal walls with upper and lower edges, with the upper edges of the longitudinal walls joined at a peak, and with the lower edges of the longitudinal walls spaced at a distance from each other; two lateral end walls joined to the longitudinal walls, with one end wall at each end of the longitudinal walls; and a plurality of cross-members extending laterally between the two longitudinal walls, the cross-members being attached to the longitudinal walls mediate said upper and lower edges, the cross members defining a border between the first lower space volume and the second upper space volume, and with the panel resting on the cross-members when in the first position. 5. The solar energy collection device of claim 4 wherein one of the longitudinal walls further comprises: a plurality of side frame members supporting a light transmitting cover. 6. The solar energy collection device of claim 4 wherein said longitudinal walls are substantially planar and the A-frame has a substantially triangular lateral cross section. 7. The solar energy collection device of claim 4 wherein the longitudinal walls between the peak and the cross-members form a cylindrical arc with all points substantially equidistant from an axis at the pivotal support of the panel. 8. The solar energy collection device of claim 4 wherein the A-frame has an east-west oriented longitudinal axis and north and south facing longitudinal walls; and the panel pivots on an axis proximate said north facing longitudinal wall. 9. The solar energy collection device of claim 8 wherein: the north longitudinal wall has a lower portion below said cross members which is insulated; the south facing longitudinal wall has a lower portion below said cross members which is a double layer of light transmitting material with an air space between, such that the lower portion of the south facing longitudinal wall is both light transmitting and insulated; and wherein a lower portion of each of the end walls of the A-frame below said cross-members is insulated. 10. The solar energy collection device of claim 4 wherein the A-frame has a north-south oriented longitudinal axis and east and west facing longitudinal walls; and wherein the panel pivots on an axis movable laterally between a first axis position proximate the west facing longitudinal wall to a second axis position proximate the east facing longitudinal wall. 11. The solar energy collection device of claim 1 wherein the panel further comprises a plurality of sections capable of independent movement. 12. The solar energy collection device of claim 1 wherein the first lower space volume and the second upper space volume are separated by a light transmitting optical cover. 13. A method of collecting solar radiation comprising: mounting an insulated panel with a reflective surface within the upper confines of a walled structure having one substantially completely light transmitting wall; insulating lower portions of the walls while maintaining the light transmitting nature of said one wall; moving said panel to a position in which substantial amounts of the solar radiation passing through upper portions of said one wall is diverted by the reflective panel surface into the lower confines of the structure; and pivoting said panel to a generally horizontal position in which the panel cooperates with the insulated wall portions to enclose the lower confines of the structure to prevent heat loss therefrom. 