A complete system for detecting and metering solar energy and recording the total integrated energy or power levels over a desired period of time. The system emphasises simplicity of design to achieve: a transducer sensitive to the presence of solar radiance which efficiently absorbs the incident direct energy over the broad solar spectrum or may be filtered to specific spectra bands and which embodies a means of generating a voltage proportional to the levels of incident solar energy; a means of selecting the minimum level of incident energy for initiating metering above a preset threshold and rejecting levels below a given ambient temperature level; a programable means of computing which directly converts the energy proportional voltage to an energy-density analogue voltage that may be programed to replicate the performance characteristics of known or typical Solar Energy Systems and whose values may be scaled to the equivalent units of thermal, electrical or mechanical energy or power measurement desired; a means of recording the sum-total of the energy or power levels measured, whose instantaneous values are integrated continuously over the desired period of time, and which may be read directly and reset for each period; and an optional means of monitoring and calibration of the system. The recorded data is measured in such values as are directly related to the potential thermal, electrical or mechanical power that would be produced by a typical solar energy system installed at the site of measurement. The metering and recording system could also be employed to monitor the actual performance of an installed solar energy system or other solar powered device.
Claims Having thus described the system constructed in accordance with and embodying the present invention, what I claim and desire to obtain by Letter of Patent is: 1. A system for directly metering and recording the energy density or power potential of incident solar energy comprising: a. a transducer means for detecting the presence of solar energy and which means is solar windowed unidirectional, embodies an ideal absorber, is ambient temperature compensated and responsive to and accurately follows the radiant intensity levels of the sun to generate or to otherwise produce a voltage that is a precise linear function proportional to the radiant intensity of the incident solar energy, b. a lower threshold means connected to the transducer means which may be enabled and adjusted as desired to initiate the metering and recording of the solar energy levels to only that above a preset lower intensity limit, or optionally not enabled, c. a computing means connected to the threshold means and transducer means which accurately computes the solar energy-density levels in a precise mathematical relationship which means may be programed for a variety of computational functions, d. a programing means connected to the computing means by which the computer may be versatilely programed for numerous computational functions required to correct for atmospheric density, latitude or altitude, replicate descrete or combined performance characteristics of typical or known solar Energy Collector Systems or other solar powered devices, with which means the threshold limits are selected or enabled and by which means the energy-density level of the radiant intensity of the sun may be programed for computation into specific energy or power measurement values, e. a metering function selection means connected to the computing means by which to selectively adjust the values of energy-density, energy or power levels computed to the desired units and scales appropriate to the characteristics of the recording of thermal, electrical or mechanical energy or power units of measure, f. a recording means connected to the metering function selection means composed of a mercury coulometer by which the sum-total of the instantaneous energy or power levels metered may be integrated continuously over a desired period of time, which recording means may be easily reset for any subsequent period of time, additional outputs may be provided from this means for connection to a common brush recorder, magnetic tape recorder or the like where the advantage of the mercury coulometer recorder are not desired, g. a optional system monitoring means connected to appropriate points within the aforesaid system means by which the instantaneous values of solar radiant intensity, energy-density, energy or power levels may be selected sequentially for display and measurement on a typical display device such as the face of a common moving coil-permanent magnet meter, h. an optional system calibration means which embodies an adjustable known voltage source that may be introduced at any appropriate point within the aforesaid system means, while simultaneously monitoring other selected points within the system using the preceeding system monitoring means, so as to calibrate the system to assure proper operation and accuracy of the data, facilitate adjustment of each system function or programing selection, and as a means of fault location diagnosis and maintenance, j. appropriate power supply means as are necessary for proper system operation. 2. The combination in accordance with claim 1 wherein said system is entirely self-powered by the transducer means and operates as an analogue computational system with exception only to the optional system calibration means voltage source. 3. The combination in accordance with claim 1 wherein said system the sub-monitoring means may be provided by an intensity modulated triggered light display or said monitor meter circuitry or both implemented independently in the same monitoring means. 4. The combination in accordance with claim 1 wherein said system may be a digital implementation comprised of: a. a transducer means for detecting the presence of solar radiant energy which is responsive to the radiant intensity to produce a pulse signal whose frequency or repetition rate is some accurate multiple of the radiant intensity of the sun, b. a digital threshold means connected to the transducer means which embodies a digital counter and coded AND Gate to detect the radiant intensity level of the sun and which may be coded and enabled to initiate the metering and recording of solar energy levels to only that above a preset lower threshold limit, or optionally not enabled, c. a digital computing means comprised of large scale integrated (LSI) micro-processors and read only memories (ROMs) connected to the threshold means and transducer means which means computes energy-density levels in a digital mathematical function, said means may be ROM preprogramed for a variety of additional computational functions and may be inhibited or enabled in response to the aforesaid threshold means coded AND Gate outputs, d. a programing means connected to the digital computing means and lower threshold means by which the preprogramed ROM of the computing means may be addressed to command the numerous digital computational functions required for system operation and by which means the threshold limits are selected and enabled, e. a metering function selection means connected to the computing means which embodies a LSI micro-processor and digital-to-analogue (D/A) converter and by which means the computed values of solar energy-density, energy or power levels may be converted to digital or analogue voltage units and scales appropriate to the recording means employed, f. a recording means connected to the metering function selection means which may be a common digital type printing or magnetic recorder, mercury coulometer or both for recording the sum total of, or the instantaneous energy density or power levels metered, or for integrating these levels continuously over a desired period of time, g. appropriate system monitoring and calibration means composed of digital micro-processors, ROM's, keyboard or switches and a meter movement with D/A converter or LED numerical display or like display means, h. appropriate power supply means as are required for the proper operation of the system. 5. The combination in accordance with claim 1 wherein said system the processing of the transducer means output pulse signal, whose repetition rate or frequency is proportional to some multiple of the radiant intensity of the sun, is manipulated in a digital video threshold and computer means by common adjustable multivibrators, flip-flop and bootstrap circuits in such a way as to produce the desired system computational functions and results in an output signal whose duty cycle is proportional to the energy-density, energy or power levels of the sun, which when integrated and filtered may be scaled and recorded as described using the mercury coulometer or other recorder. 6. The system combination in accordance with claim 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 in which the transducer means embodies common energy absorber surfaces which are not ideal directional absorbers, and common pyrometer sensor-generators comprised of photovoltaic thermopile or thermovoltic generators or the like typical sensors and which may be masked by interposed mechanical solid covers to restrict the field of view to only the useful solar window and in which the calibration circuit provides sufficient range of adjustment to compensate for degredation of the transducer components over a reasonable lifetime. 7. The system combination in accordance with claim 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 configured for descrete band spectral radiance measurement and recording by the insertion of narrow bandpass or sharp cutoff optical filters or by the replacement of the clear dome with optical filter glass domes of the desired characteristics. 8. A pyranometer with solar-window coincident directional field of view of extreme reliability and stability consisting of the transducer of this invention which embodies one or more cover domes of high transmittance optical glass transmitting the principal energy spectra of the solar radiance propagated through the atmosphere, in which the sensor absorbing surface is an ideal absorber of nondegrading high thermal inertia character constructed from long tapered needles with bright reflective surfaces bundled into a compact unipointed mass to which is mechanically and thermally affixed at the end opposite the points a thermopile or thermocouple-thermister combination voltage generator which generates a linear voltage proportional to the incident solar radiant energy over a very broad spectra, which sensor-generator combination is compensated for the ambient temperature by an ambient sensor plate to which is similarly affixed a thermo-couple generator which produces a counter voltage to that of the solar radiant energy sensor generator, and which transducer assembly is optimally configured to minimize reradiation, conductive and convective energy losses thus attaining a performance characteristic typical of Solar Energy Collector Systems. 