A combination lighter constructed of a conventional, flame producing lighter integrated with a solar lighting device as a single unit or lighter. The solar lighter may include a tubular structure having a solar lens for focusing the solar rays onto an object to be lit that is positioned within the tubular structure. The tubular structure may include an aperture for viewing the position of the object so as to permit positioning it at the focal point of the lens and for ventilation purposes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A combination of a conventional lighter and a solar lighter for lighting objects such as cigarettes, cigars and the like, comprising conventional lighter means for lighting objects such as cigarettes, cigars and the like, said conventional lighter means comprising main body means including means for producing a flame to permit an object to be lighted from the flame that is produced by conventional means within the main body by the burning of a fuel, and solar lighting means being defined in a juxtaposed position integrally with the main body of the conventional lighter for lighting an object, said lighting means including a lens for focusing the solar rays on the object, to be lit. 2. A lighter combination as defined in claim 1 wherein said solar lighting means includes an object receiving structure mounting the solar lens adjacent one end and an object receiving aperture adjacent the opposite end for receiving an object to be lit and positioning it adjacent the solar lens to be lit by the solar rays focused thereon. 3. A combination lighter as defined in claim 1 wherein said solar lighting means comprises a tubular structure constructed integrally with the lighter and having a solar lens mounted to one end thereof for closing off the tubular structure and defined for permitting objects to be lighted to be slidably received in the tubular structure for positioning an object to be lit at the focal point of the solar lens to be lighted solely by the solar rays impinging thereon, said tubular structure including a single oblong ventilation aperture defined intermediate the ends thereof. 4. A combination lighter as defined in claim 3 including guide means defined adjacent the open end of the tubular structure for guiding the entry of an object to be lit, such as a cigarette, into the tubular structure. 5. A combination lighter as defined in claim 1 wherein including cover means having a solar lens mounted thereto. 6. A combination lighter as defined in claim 1 wherein said solar lighting means comprises a tubular passageway defined longitudinally of the main body of the lighter with a solar lens mounted adjacent to one end of the tubular passageway. 7. A combination lighter as defined in claim 6 wherein said tubular means includes guide means adjacent the end opposite the end mounting the solar lens for guiding objects to be lighted inserted into the tubular passageway. 8. A combination lighter as defined in claim 6 wherein said tubular passageway includes an aperture spaced adjacent the lens for permitting the end of the object to be lighted to be ventilated therethrough. 9. A combination lighter as defined in claim 1 including cover means constructed and defined with a tubular opening extending therethrough with a solar lens mounted thereto for closing an end of said opening and permitting an object to be lighted to be inserted into said opening to be lit from the solar rays focused thereon by means of the solar lens. 10. A combination lighter as defined in claim 9 wherein said tubular opening includes means for guiding an object to be lighted defined adjacent the end opposite the end mounting the lens and having ventilation means defined intermediate the ends of the tubular opening. 