Birdfeeder comprising a portion for connecting the feeder to a support, said portion having an axis, a squirrel-proofing wall surrounding the axis, portions of the wall being laterally spaced from the axis sufficiently to prevent squirrels on the support from supporting themselves on the wall, the wall extending along the axis sufficiently to prevent squirrels from reaching beyond the wall, and feed dispenser supported beyond the wall.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A birdfeeder for mounting on a post, comprising a portion for connecting said feeder to said post, said portion having an axis, a generally cylindrical, non-chewable material, squirrel-proofing wall surrounding said axis, portions of said wall being laterally spaced from said axis sufficiently to prevent squirrels on said post from supporting themselves on said wall, said wall extending along said axis sufficiently to prevent squirrels from reaching beyond said wall, and a transparent plastic feed reservoir extending upwardly along said axis, said reservoir having a wall extending upwardly from said squirrel-proofing wall and having a plurality of feed dispensing ports therein, said reservoir being separate from, but rigidly connected to, said squirrel-proofing wall. 2. The feeder of claim 1 wherein said lateral spacing is at least 21/2 inches. 3. The feeder of claim 1 wherein said cylindrical wall has a diameter greater than 5 inches. 4. The feeder of claim 1 wherein said extent along said axis is at least 10 inches. 5. The feeder of claim 4 wherein said extent along said axis is at least 12 inches. 6. The feeder of claim 1 wherein said squirrel-proofing wall is dark-colored to absorb solar energy. 7. The feeder of claim 1 wherein said squirrel-proofing wall is smooth-surfaced for climbing resistance. 8. The feeder of claim 1 wherein said reservoir is a continuation of said squirrel-proofing wall. 9. The feeder of claim 8 wherein perches are provided adjacent said ports. 10. The feeder of claim 9 wherein each said perch includes an integral serrated perch pin which simultaneously secures said perch to said squirrel-proofing wall and to said reservoir. 11. The feeder of claim 10 wherein said squirrel-proofing wall overlaps the bottom of said reservoir in a nested arrangement, said pin passing through aligned holes in said squirrel-proofing wall and said reservoir. 12. The feeder of claim 11 wherein said squirrel-proofing wall is of metal and each said perch has an integral plastic perch plate to shield birds from contact with said metal wall. 13. The feeder of claim 12 wherein said perch is fluted for easy roosting by the birds but has a smooth top to shed snow, ice and water. 14. The feeder of claim 8 wherein said reservoir has a full-diameter opening at the top for easy filling of the reservoir with seed. 15. The feeder of claim 14 further comprising a removable cap to cover said opening. 16. The feeder of claim 15 wherein said cap is of metal. 17. The feeder of claim 15 wherein said cap is domed without projections, to prevent its being grasped by squirrels. 18. The feeder of claim 8 including a floor at the bottom of said reservoir. 19. The feeder of claim 18 wherein said floor contains a post receptor for receiving a mounting post. 20. The feeder of claim 8 wherein said reservoir includes a metering means to dispense said feed. 21. The feeder of claim 20 wherein said metering means comprises a funnel-like member adapted to continually provide seed to the central portion of said reservoir for bird consumption without substantial spillage. 22. The feeder of claim 1 wherein said squirrel-proofing wall is a cylindrical, said reservoir further includes a bottom member having a central post receptor and a peripheral flange, and a plurality of perches have pin-like extensions passing through aligned openings in said squirrel-proofing wall, reservoir, and flange to secure the same to each other. 23. The feeder of claim 1 wherein said squirrel-proofing wall is of metal. 