An independent, self-contained solar energy module for transportation and fixed accurate positioning, including an expandable transport trailer chassis, adapted to receive interchangeable types and sizes of solar energy modules having integral support frames which also engage with the transport trailer chassis. The trailer chassis provides for an adjustable load bearing tandem axle wheel unit and ramping capabilities for effectively loading and unloading the solar energy module units in their fixed accurate position.
Claims We claim: 1. In combination, an independent, self-contained solar energy module and a multiple function trailer chassis for loading, transporting, positioning and unloading said solar energy module at the point of use comprising, (a) an enclosed housing; (b) means for mounting at least one solar collecting unit on said housing; (c) heat exchange means located within said housing and connected to said solar collecting units; (d) a first support frame attached to the base of said housing; (e) a second, mating support frame integral with said trailer chassis for accepting said first support frame; (f) means for extending and ramping said trailer chassis; and, (g) means for lowering the forward support element of said trailer chassis to incline said chassis when loading and unloading said housing. 2. The combination of claim 1 wherein said enclosed housing comprises a structure having an elongated dormer face that is preferably oriented in a southerly direction. 3. The combination of claim 2 wherein a heat storage unit is located within said housing and connected to said heat exchange means. 4. The combination of claim 3 wherein said first support frame includes means for securing the housing to said second support means. 5. The combination of claim 4 wherein said securing means comprises lugs on said second support means and cooperating apertures on said first support means. 6. The combination of claim 5 wherein the means for extending and ramping said trailer chassis comprises a pair of longitudinal girders that are telescopically mounted for fore and aft movement within the trailer chassis and upon which the housing slides during loading and unloading. 7. The combination of claim 6 wherein the means for lowering the front support element of said trailer chassis comprises a lever arm connected to said chassis. 