A solar heating system for a swimming pool and the like is disclosed. The system includes a circulation circuit having a pump by which water is withdrawn from the pool, passed through a filter and returned to the pool. A solar collector assembly is provided and has flow and return lines connected in said circuit. The flow line is connected to a venturi unit in the main circuit and a control valve is provided immediately downstream of the venturi unit. When the control valve is closed, water is diverted through the venturi unit and into the solar collector assembly for heating. When the valve is open, the venturi unit induces a suction effect in the flow line which causes the solar collector assembly to be positively drained into the circuit. A vacuum breaker admits air to the collector assembly at this time.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar heating system for a swimming pool and the like, comprising: means defining a main water circulation circuit having an inlet through which water can be removed from the pool, and an outlet through which water can be returned to the pool; a pump in the said circuit for conveying water from said inlet to said outlet; a solar collector assembly including at least one solar collector panel, water flow and return lines connected to said panel and circulation circuit and arranged to allow water to flow from said circuit through said panel from bottom to top and return to said circuit, one-way valve means in said return line for preventing water flowing into said panel along said line, and vacuum breaker means for admitting air to said panel during draining of water therefrom; a venturi unit connected in said circulation circuit and defining a water flow passageway extending from an inlet to an outlet of said unit, a throat disposed in said passageway between said inlet and outlet, and a secondary connection communicating with said passageway immediately downstream of said throat so that normal flow of water along said passageway induces a suction effect in said secondary connection; said flow line of the solar collector assembly being coupled to said secondary connection of the venturi unit, and said return line being coupled in said circulation circuit downstream of the venturi unit; and, control valve means disposed in said circuit between said venturi unit and said return line and operable between open and closed positions, whereby, in said closed position, water is prevented from flowing through said venturi unit outlet and is diverted through said secondary connection of the venturi unit and through said solar collector assembly for heating by solar energy and return to the pool through said return line and circuit outlet, and in said open position of said valve means, water flows through said venturi unit from said inlet to said outlet and said suction effect in the secondary connection of the venturi unit causes water to be drawn by suction from the solar collector assembly and into the circulation circuit for positive draining of said assembly. 2. A system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said venturi unit includes a generally T-shaped housing, said secondary connection of the venturi unit defining the stem of the T and wherein said throat is defined by a nozzle-like insert secured in the housing and extending along said passageway from the venturi inlet towards said outlet. 3. A system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said control valve means comprises a slide valve including a valve casing disposed in said water circulation and defining a water flow passageway, and a valve member slidably mounted in said casing for movement in a direction generally normal to the direction of water flow along said passageway between a closed position in which said passageway is obstructed, and an open position in which the valve member is withdrawn at least substantially clear of said passageway. 4. A system as claimed in claim 3, wherein said valve is power operated and includes an electric servo motor having an rotary output shaft and an electrically insulated linkage coupling said shaft to the valve member and arranged so that rotation of the shaft causes said member to reciprocate between its open and closed positions, and wherein the system further includes motor control means operable to cause said motor to move the valve member between its said open and closed positions at appropriate times. 5. A system as claimed in claim 4, wherein said motor control means includes a control circuit and temperature sensing means coupled in said circuit and located to respond to the presence of solar energy available for heating water in said panel, said circuit being adapted to automatically operate said valve motor to close the valve and direct through said panel in the event that said sensing means indicate the presence of available solar energy, and to open said valve, causing the panel to drain in the event that said temperature sensing means indicates that insufficient solar energy is available to heat the water in said panel. 6. A system as claimed in claim 5 wherein said temperature sensing means includes first sensor exposed to the effect of solar radiation, and a second sensor arranged to monitor the temperature of water leaving said pool, and wherein the circuit is adapted to close said valve in the event that said sensors detect a temperature difference above a predetermined minimum, and to open said valve in the event that said temperature difference falls below said minimum. 7. A system as claimed in claim 6, wherein said first sensor is disposed in contact with said return line through which heated water is returned from the panel to said circulation circuit so that said sensor responds to ambient temperature when the solar collector assembly is not in use and there is no water flowing in said line, and to the temperature of the water in said line when the solar collector assembly is in use. 8. A system as claimed in claim 6, wherein the said circuit further includes manually operable means for selecting a temperature required in the pool, and wherein the circuit is arranged to override said sensors and permit the valve to close only when the pool temperature detected by said second sensor is below the temperature selected by said selecting means. 9. Control apparatus for a swimming pool solar heating system comprising a base board having the following components assembled thereon so as to form a pre-assembled unit therewith: a venturi unit defining a water flow passageway extending from an inlet to an outlet of said unit, a throat disposed in said passageway between said inlet and outlet, and a secondary connection communicating with said passageway immediately downstream of said throat; an inlet pipe communicating with said venturi inlet and adapted to be coupled in a water circulation circuit of a swimming pool; a second pipe communicating with said secondary connection of the venturi unit and adapted to be connected to a flow line to a solar collector assembly; a control valve coupled to said venturi unit outlet and adapted to be closed to prevent water flowing normally through said outlet; an outlet pipe associated with said valve means and arranged to receive water flowing through said venturi unit outlet when said valve means is open; and, means in said outlet pipe adapted to permit coupling thereto of a return line from a solar collector assembly. 