Hydrogen and bromine are produced from a bromide-containing electrolyte solution by suspending semiconducting platelets in a vertically flowing solution of the electrolyte contained in a radiant energy transparent vertically disposed fluid conduit. The fluid conduit is impinged with radiant energy of sufficient wavelength to cause charge transfer in the platelets dissociating the electrolyte solution into bromine liquid and hydrogen gas. The platelets are maintained suspended in the vertically flowing electrolyte by controlling the flow rate of the electrolyte solution. The respective dissociation products are collected for subsequent energy generation. The semiconducting platelets comprise an n-doped semiconducting layer, ohmic contact, and p-doped semiconducting layer, at least the edge of the ohmic contact being covered by an insulation layer.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A process for producing hydrogen gas and bromine liquid from an electrolyte solution comprising suspending a plurality of semiconducting platelets in a vertically flowing solution of bromide electrolyte, said electrolyte flowing in a vertically disposed radiant energy transparent cylindrical conduit and the platelets suspended in a designated area in said conduit defined by upper and lower nonconductive screens, the location of the platelets in the vertically flowing electrolyte being controlled by the flow rate of the electrolyte, the platelets comprising a single ohmic contact layer sandwiched between an n-doped semiconducting layer and a p-doped semiconducting layer, with a layer of electrical insulation covering the exposed edge of the ohmic contact, impinging said platelets with radiant energy sufficient to cause the evolution of hydrogen gas at the surface of the p-doped semiconducting layer and bromine liquid at the surface of the n-doped semiconducting layer, and collecting the hydrogen and bromine so produced. 2. The process of claim 1 wherein the bromide electrolyte is present in an amount of up to about 50% by weight and the solvent is water. 3. The process of claim 1 wherein the radiant energy is solar energy. 4. The process of claim 1 wherein the electrolyte flow rate is controlled by pulsing the flow. 5. The process of claim 1 wherein the electrolyte flow rate is controlled by monitoring the position of the platelets and increasing or decreasing the flow rate accordingly. 6. The process of claim 1 wherein the platelet has a photoactive surface area greater than 1 mm.sup.2 on each photoactive side. 