Solar energy collector construction wherein the collector is composed of a skeleton framework, preferably of I-beam configuration interconnected so that it may be folded into a compact configuration for storage and shipment and which may be erected and locked into expanded configuration at the erection site so as to provide a sturdy structure which is highly resistant to wind loading and yet is fully effective in operation and use. Another feature is the design and mounting of the reflective elements which permits the reflective elements to be replaced periodically as they become less efficient reflectors through exposure to the elements. An improved collector construction is disclosed wherein the absorber element is in the form of a plate having passages therein for the flow of heat exchange fluid therethrough, the absorber plate being mounted within an enclosed light- and radiant-energy-transparent envelope which minimizes loss of heat from the absorber element by convection and conduction.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar energy collector comprising a skeleton framework, an elongated semi-tubular reflector means mounted on said framework, said means comprising reflective sheet elements forming two longitudinal sidewalls confronting each other with free upper edge portions defining between them an aperture for receiving the solar energy, said walls converging toward one another with a curvature increasing with the distance from said free edge portions, the marginal lower edge portions of said reflective elements forming a bottom wall along the base of said semi-tubular reflector, and a longitudinal absorber element disposed within said reflector adjacent said bottom wall to receive solar energy entering said aperture, said framework having parallel curved ribs corresponding to the curvature of said reflective elements, and junction means providing a slidable fit between said reflective elements and said ribs, said reflective elements being capable of flexing to permit slidable movement of said sheet elements along said ribs from said aperture toward said base. 2. A collector according to claim 1 wherein said ribs comprise structural members having web portions extending perpendicular to the reflective surface of said sheet elements and a flange portion parallel to said reflective surface, said sheet elements lying flush against said flange portions of said ribs so as to be rigidly supported thereby. 3. A collector according to claim 2 wherein said sheet elements are provided with slotted gripping portions engaging around said flange elements and slidable thereon to enable said flange element of each rib to serve as a guide on which said sheet elements are slidable. 4. A collector according to claim 3 wherein said framework includes a keel element for each side, said keel element extending longitudinally of said base to interconnect and reinforce said ribs, and comprising a cylindrical element passing through the web portions of each rib in closely spaced relation to said flange portions whereby the cylindrical surface of said keel element serves as a cam surface engaging the marginal lower edge portion of said reflective sheet to assist the flexing of said marginal edge portions to the maximum curvature at the base of said semi-tubular reflector. 5. A collector according to claim 4 including means mounting said collector on a foundation, said mounting means comprising standards aligned longitudinally of said collector, each having a journal pivotally supporting one of said cylindrical keel element to afford pivotal movement of said collector on said standards, and strut means extending from the foundation to the opposite ends of the ribs to anchor said collector at a given angular orientation on the pivotal axis provided by said one keel element. 6. A collector according to claim 5 wherein said strut is adjustable in length between at least two positions respectively disposing the aperture of said collector at small and large angles relative to horizontal plane. 7. A collector according to claim 1 wherein said reflective sheet elements comprise multi-ply laminar structures, comprising a board having at least inner, central and outer faces and a core of parallel spacer partitions between the center face and the outer face on one hand, and the center face and the inner face on the other hand, the partitions on the one hand being disposed perpendicular to the partitions on the other hand, the inner face having an exposed reflective surface. 8. A collector according to claim 7 wherein said center face comprises a first component layer formed integrally with said outer face and the spacer partitions between said center and outer faces, a second component layer formed integrally with said inner face and the spacer partitions between said center and inner faces, and bonding means intermediate said first and second layers operable to firmly bond said component layers together into a unitary structure. 9. A collector according to claim 7 wherein said reflective surface comprises a thin film of reflective material surface-bonded to said inner face. 10. A collector according to claim 9 wherein the spacer partitions between said inner face and said central face extend parallel to the upper and lower edge portions of said sheet element and the spacer partitions between said outer face and said central faces extend transversely intersecting said upper and lower edge portions. 11. A collector according to claim 10 wherein said outer face is interrupted between a selected pair of spacer partitions to provide a slotted opening extending between said upper and lower edges, the selected pair of spacer partitions being spaced away from the slotted opening to define a slot having a T-shaped cross section. 12. A collector according to claim 11 wherein each of said ribs comprises a web portion and flange portions slidable as a guide in said T-shaped slot. 13. A collector according to claim 1 wherein each of said sidewalls has a semi-parabolic interior reflective surface with its focal point coincident with the focal point of the other reflective surface on the longitudinal center plane midway between said sidewalls, each semi-parabolic surface having its axis extending outwardly away from said center plane at a fixed angle and its apex adjacent said base spaced from said center plane so that said parabolic surface does not intersect the center plane. 14. A solar energy collector comprising a skeleton framework, an elongated semi-tubular reflector means mounted on said framework, said means comprising reflective sheet elements forming two longitudinal sidewalls confronting each other with free edge portions defining between them an aperture for receiving the solar energy, said walls converging toward one another with curvature increasing with the distance from said free edge portions, the remote marginal edge portions of said reflective elements meeting to form a bottom wall along the base of said semi-tubular reflector, and a longitudinal collector element disposed within said reflector adjacent said bottom wall to receive solar energy entering said aperture, said framework having parallel curved ribs corresponding to the curvature of said reflective sheet elements, a keel element for each sidewall extending along the remote marginal edge interconnecting said ribs, a stringer element for each sidewall extending along the free edge portion interconnecting said ribs, said keel and stringer forming a non-skewing frame supporting said reflective sheet elements, locking means releasably interconnecting the frames along said bases, rigid cross-braces of a length corresponding to the width of said aperture and extending across said aperture between said stringers, and means pivotally connecting said cross braces at the opposite ends thereof to said stringers, whereby upon release of said locking means, said collector may be folded into a compact package by pivotal displacement of said side frames on said cross braces, and thereafter extended to the original configuration. 15. A collector according to claim 14, including mounting brackets for said collector, said brackets being pivoted coaxially to one of said frames and an elongated anchor member adjustably interconnecting said collector with at least one of the stringers to position said collector element on the longitudinal center plane between said sidewalls. 16. A solar energy collector according to claim 14, wherein, said collector element has a flat plate adjacent the longitudinal center plane midway between said reflective elements and translucent elements which are substantially transparent to solar energy disposed on opposite sides of said plate to shield said plate from the atmosphere between said reflective sheets, whereby said plate may receive solar energy entering said aperture both by direct impingement and by impingement of energy reflected from said sheet elements. 17. A collector according to claim 16 including a frame surrounding said collector plate and supporting said translucent elements, and wherein said translucent elements are hermetically sealed to exclude the atmosphere from said flat collector plate. 18. A collector according to claim 17 wherein each of said sidewalls has a semi-parabolic interior reflective surface with its focal point coincident with the focal point of the other reflective surface on the longitudinal center plane midway between said sidewalls, each semi-parabolic surface having its axis extending outwardly away from said center plane at a fixed angle and its apex adjacent said base spaced from said center plane so that said parabolic surface does not intersect the center plane, said collector including struts extending from said skeleton framework to said frame to position said frame so that said flat collector plate extends continuously from said focal point to said bottom wall. 19. A collector according to claim 17 comprising a removable opaque sheath enclosing the frame of said collector element to exclude reception of solar energy by said collector plate when said sheath is in place, said sheath having an energy reflective exterior to divert energy away from said plate. 20. A collector according to claim 14 wherein each of said sidewalls has a semi-parabolic interior reflective surface with its focal point coincident with the focal point of the other reflective surface on the longitudinal center plane midway between said sidewalls, each semi-parabolic surface having its axis extending outwardly away from said center plane at a fixed angle and its apex adjacent said base spaced from said center plane so that said parabolic surface does not intersect the center plane. 21. A solar energy collector comprising a skeleton framework, an elongated semi-tubular reflector means mounted on said framework, said means comprising reflective sheet elements forming two longitudinal sidewalls confronting each other with free edge portions defining between them an aperture for receiving the solar energy, said walls converging toward one another with curvature increasing with the distance from said free edge portions, the remote marginal edge portions of said reflective elements meeting to form a bottom wall along the base of said semi-tubular reflector, and a longitudinal collector element disposed within said reflector adjacent said bottom wall to receive solar energy entering said aperture, said framework having parallel curved ribs corresponding to the curvature of said reflective sheet elements, a keel element for each sidewall extending along the remote marginal edge interconnecting said ribs, a stringer element for each sidewall extending along the free edge portion interconnecting said ribs, said keel and stringer forming a non-skewing frame supporting said reflective sheet elements, said ribs and said stringers being elongated structural members having an I-beam cross section with a central web portion and a pair of spaced, parallel flange portions, the flange portions of said ribs having a curvature corresponding to the reflective sheets elements and interlocking with and providing cantilevered support for said sheet elements, the flange portion of each stringer underlying and disposed flush against a surface of the associated sheet element which is opposite the aforementioned reflective surface. 22. A collector according to claim 21 including a U-shaped channel member extending along the upper edge of said sheet elements, the U-shaped member having opposite legs, one disposed to engage the flange of the stringer and the other disposed to engage said sheet element to provide anti-flexure reinforcement for said edge, retaining it against the flange of the stringer. 