An inflatable solar concentrator comprising an elongate hollow member of relatively thin flexible material inflatable to an upright position in which it is generally in the form of a cone convergent from its upper to its lower end. The inflated member has a substantially transparent top of a material which transmits incident solar radiant energy, and a highly reflective inner conical surface which reflects downwardly and thereby concentrates the radiant energy. A rigid collar on the lower end of the member has a passage through it in communication with the interior of the member for supply of gas under pressure into the member to inflate it and for exit of gas from the member to collapse it. The member is mounted with its lower end above a heat absorbing surface for impingement on the surface of concentrated radiant energy.
Claims I claim: 1. An inflatable solar concentrator comprising an elongate hollow member of relatively thin flexible material inflatable to an upright position in which it is generally in the form of a cone convergent from its upper to its lower end, said inflated member having a substantially transparent top closing its upper end of a material adapted to transmit incident solar radiant energy, and a highly reflective inner conical surface for reflecting downwardly and thereby concentrating said radiant energy, a rigid collar around the lower end of the member, a passage in communication with the interior of said member for supply of gas under pressure into the member to inflate it, and means for mounting the member with its lower end above a heat absorbing surface for impingement on the surface of concentrated solar radiant energy, said mounting means being adapted for mounting said member with its lower end and said collar thereon spaced above said heat absorbing surface, said solar concentrator further comprising a flexible connector having a highly reflective inner surface connecting said collar and the heat absorbing surface and forming a passage therebetween for passage of said concentrated radiant energy, said mounting means being operable for swinging said member with respect to said heat transfer surface about an axis generally perpendicular to the central longitudinal axis of the member at the lower end thereof for allowing the member to track the path of the sun, said connector being adapted to flex as the member is swung about said axis. 2. A solar concentrator as set forth in claim 1 wherein said hollow member, when inflated, is generally symmetrical about its central longitudinal axis and is generally circular in transverse section. 3. A solar concentrator as set forth in claim 1 wherein the lower end of said member extends down inside the collar and is bonded thereto. 4. A solar concentrator as set forth in claim 1 wherein said mounting means comprises a flange extending laterally outwardly from the collar and power means attached to the flange and operable for swinging the member about said axis. 5. A solar concentrator as set forth in claim 4 wherein said flange encircles the collar and is generally annular in shape and said power means comprises a plurality of extensible and retractible cylinder units, each of which is attached at one end to the flange and at its other end to a support structure. 6. An inflatable solar concentrator comprising an elongate hollow member of relatively thin flexible material inflatable to an upright position in which it is generally in the form of a cone convergent from its upper to its lower end, said inflated member having a substantially transparent top closing its upper end of a material adapted to transmit incident solar radiant energy, and a highly reflective inner conical surface for reflecting downwardly and thereby concentrating said radiant energy, a rigid collar around the lower end of the member, a passage in communication with the interior of said member for supply of gas under pressure into the member to inflate it, a heat absorbing surface at the lower end of the member, and means for mounting the member on a support structure with its lower end above said heat absorbing surface for impingement on the surface of concentrated solar radiant energy, said heat absorbing surface being adapted to be mounted in fixed position relative to said support structure and said mounting means being adapted for mounting said member with its lower end and said collar thereon spaced above said heat absorbing surface, said solar concentrator further comprising a flexible connector having a highly reflective inner surface connecting said collar and the heat absorbing surface and forming a passage therebetween for passage of said concentrated radiant energy, said mounting means being operable for swinging said member about an axis generally perpendicular to the central longitudinal axis of the member at the lower end thereof for allowing the member to track the path of the sun, said connector being adapted to flex as the member is swung about said axis. 7. A solar concentrator as set forth in claim 6 wherein said hollow member when inflated, is generally symmetrical about its central longitudinal axis and is generally circular in transverse section. 8. A solar concentrator as set forth in claim 6 wherein the lower end of said member extends down inside the collar and is bonded thereto. 9. A solar concentrator as set forth in claim 6 wherein said mounting means comprises a flange extending laterally outwardly from the collar and power means attached to the flange and operable for swinging the member about said axis. 10. A solar concentrator as set forth in claim 9 wherein said flange encircles the collar and is generally annular in shape and said power means comprises a plurality of extensible and retractible cylinder units, each of which is attached at one end of the flange and at its other end to a support structure. 