A solar energy collector apparatus and method, the apparatus including an open-top shell-like structure with a reflective optical system in the shell structure for directing solar energy toward a solar energy absorber apparatus inside the shell structure. The shell structure is mounted upon a hollow axle for rotation about its longitudinal axis and may be mounted for vertical movement to follow north-south changes in the apparent seasonal position of the sun. The solar energy absorber apparatus is nonrotatably mounted inside the shell structure in fluid communication with heat transfer conduits that pass through the hollow axle thereby avoiding rotatable couplings in the conduits. Photovoltaic apparatus for converting at least a portion of the solar spectrum to electrical energy may also be included in the shell structure. This combination of features provides higher solar efficiencies and higher temperatures in the heat transfer fluid. The method includes tracking the sun with the solar energy collector apparatus thereby maximizing the amount of solar energy collected while eliminating coupling failures in the heat transfer conduits.
Claims What is claimed and desired to be secured by a United States Letters Patent is: 1. A solar collector comprising: a shell structure, the shell structure having an open top; first mounting means for the shell structure for rotating the shell structure about an axis to orient the open top of the shell structure toward the sun; solar energy absorber means inside the shell structure and mounted coaxially with the axis; second mounting means for supporting the solar energy absorber means inside the shell structure in a nonrotatable position relative to the sun to thereby accommodate rotational movement of the shell about the solar energy absorber means; and optical means in the shell structure for directing solar energy toward the solar energy absorber means and focusing the solar energy coaxially on the solar energy absorber means, said optical means comprising a linear Fresnel lens means configurated as a transparent cover for the open top of the shell structure, the linear Fresnel lens means concentrating solar energy into a linear focus, said optical means further comprising parabolic mirror means for focusing said linear focus into said solar energy absorber means. 2. The solar collector defined in claim 1 wherein the first mounting means comprises a framework with the shell structure rotatably mounted to the framework. 3. The solar collector defined in claim 2 wherein the first mounting means further comprises a base for supporting the framework, the base being oriented in a generally north-south direction to accommodate orienting the axis of the shell structure perpendicular to the sun. 4. The solar collector defined in claim 1 wherein the solar energy absorber means comprises conduit means for conducting a fluid heat transfer medium to and from the solar energy absorber means, the conduit means passing through the second mounting means thereby avoiding rotation of the conduit means when the shell structure is rotated upon the first mounting means. 5. The solar collector defined in claim 1 wherein the second mounting means comprises a first hollow shaft on at least one end of the shell structure, the hollow shaft serving as a passageway for said conduit means in rotatable relation to the shell structure and nonrotatable relation to the sun. 6. The solar collector defined in claim 1 wherein said second mounting means comprises a first hollow shaft and a second shaft, the shell structure being rotatably mounted on the first hollow shaft and the second shaft, the second mounting means further comprising a bridge structure extending between the first hollow shaft and the second shaft, the bridge structure supporting the solar energy absorber means coaxially with the axis. 7. A solar collector apparatus comprising: a framework; a plurality of solar collectors; first mounting means for rotatably mounting the solar collectors in the framework, each solar collector comprising a shell structure being rotatable about an axis; solar energy absorber means in each of the solar collectors and mounted coaxially with the axis of the solar collector; second mounting means for mounting the solar energy absorber means in each of the solar collectors and nonrotatably relative to the framework, the second mounting means comprising at least one hollow axle for each solar collector; conduit means for transporting a fluid heat transfer medium through the solar energy absorber means in each of the solar collectors, the conduit means passing through the hollow axle of the second mounting means and thereby being in nonrotatable relationship with said framework; and focusing means for focusing solar energy toward the solar energy absorber means in each of the solar collectors, said focusing means comprising parabaloid mirror means inside each shell structure, said parabaloid mirror means focusing solar energy coaxially toward said solar energy absorber means. 8. The solar collector defined in claim 7 wherein the optical means further comprises support means for moveably supporting the parabaloid mirror means inside said shell structure to accommodate movement of the parabaloid mirror means in tracking relationship to the sun. 9. The solar collector defined in claim 8 wherein the support structure comprises mechanical linkage for truning the parabaloid mirror means about an axis corresponding to the focal point of the mirror surfaces. 10. The solar collector apparatus defined in claim 7 wherein the first mounting means comprises a gear on each solar collector and a rotatably shaft with a plurality of worm gears on the shaft, each of the worm gears selectively engaging the gears on the solar collector so that rotation of the shaft imparts rotation to each of the solar collectors. 11. The solar collector apparatus defined in claim 7 wherein the second mounting means further comprises a bridge structure in each solar collector, the bridge structure being nonrotatably mounted to the framework and serving as a platform for the solar energy absorber means and the conduit means. 12. The solar collector apparatus defined in claim 7 wherein the parabaloid mirror means further comprises support means for supporting the parabaloid mirror means inside each shell structure at a position wherein the focal point for each of the parabaloid mirror means remains relatively constant, the support means further comprising pivotal mounting means for pivotally mounting the parabaloid mirror means about an axis adjacent or passing close to the focal point of each parabaloid mirror means. 13. A method for collecting solar energy comprising: preparing a solar collector as an open top shell structure; rotatably mounting the shell structure in a framework for rotation about an axis; forming a mounting means for rotatably mounting the shell structure in the framework, the mounting means comprising a hollow axle; supporting a solar energy absorber means in the shell structure in nonrotatable relation therewith and coaxially with the axis; passing heat transfer conduits through the hollow axle to the solar energy absorber means, the hollow axle providing a nonrotatable passageway for the conduits; placing optical means in the shell structure for directing solar energy coaxially toward the solar energy absorber means, said optical means comprising pivotally mounted parabaloid mirror means; and orienting the solar collector toward the sun and directing solar energy coaxially toward the solar energy absorber means with the optical means by pivotally moving said parabaloid mirror means. 