A heat pipe is used to transfer heat from an outside solar panel into a building where the heat can be stored in a heat absorber. Various heat pipe structures are disclosed where the pipe passes through the wall of the building and where it has an end portion thermally contacting the solar panel. Heat transfer can be stopped by rotating the heat pipe, by the use of plungers and trap chambers in the pipe or by specially designed heat pipes that can be easily removed. The heat pipe can also be used to remove heat from the inside to the outside. The inside end portion of the heat pipe is in thermal contact with a heat absorber inside the building which contains a phase change material. Modular wall units can also be made having the solar panel and heat absorber integral on each side of the wall with the heat pipe in between.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus to provide a heat exchange relationship across a generally vertical wall defining the inside and outside of a building, said wall having means for mounting a heat pipe at its middle portion for rotational motion of said heat pipe in said wall about said middle portion, said apparatus comprising a heat pipe having a middle portion passing through the wall with two closed ends, said ends being arranged with respect to a middle portion axis extending axially along the length of the middle portion of the heat pipe and to a plane passing through said axis so that one closed end extends only perpendicularly above the plane while the other closed end extends perpendicularly to the axis and only below the plane, said heat pipe being mounted in the wall to rotate about the axis of the middle portion of the pipe; a thermally conductive solar heat panel on the outside of the building and having the side facing the wall in thermal contact with one end portion of the heat pipe; and a thermally conductive heat absorber on the inside of the building and having the side facing the wall in thermal contact with the other end portion of the heat pipe, whereby when the end portion on the outside is extending downward solar heat is transferred to the inside of the building to warm the building, and when the heat pipe is rotated so the end portion on the inside is extending downward, the inside heat is transferred to the outside to cool the building. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the thermally conductive heat absorber unit contains a material that undergoes a phase change upon heating and cooling. 3. The apparatus according to claim 2 wherein said material comprises Glauber's salt. 4. The apparatus according to claim 3, wherein said material further comprises 1-5 percent Borax. 5. The apparatus according to claim 3, wherein said material further comprises common salt. 6. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the heat pipe further comprises fluid blocking means on a segment of the inner circumference of the pipe. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the direction of perpendicular extension of one end portion is 180.degree. from the direction of perpendicular extension of the other end portion when viewed along the middle portion as the vertex. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the thermally conductive heat absorber on the inside of the building is a container for a heat absorbing medium. 9. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the container has a layer of a thermally conductive material on its outside surface in contact with the extending end portion of the heat pipe. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising means to rotate the heat pipe. 11. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the middle of the heat pipe passing through the wall is horizontal and the two end portions are vertical and extending in opposite directions. 12. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the heat pipe further comprises fluid blocking means on a segment of the inner circumference of the pipe at a position between where the two end portions extend. 13. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the two extending portions of the heat pipe form an angle between them when viewed along the middle portion as the vertex of less than 180.degree. and whereby when both extending ends are positioned above the middle portion when the middle portion is held horizontal, heat will not pass through the pipe. 14. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein each end portion of the heat pipe has a flat section on the side of the pipe to provide heat transfer to a flat surface. 15. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the heat pipe comprises a further extension piece, in axial alignment with the middle portion, extending past the one end portion in contact with the heat absorber, said extension piece being in fluid relation with the rest of the heat pipe, having its extended end capped, and extending into the heat absorber. 16. The apparatus according to claim 1 further comprising insulation means for insulating the solar panel to reduce heat losses to the atmosphere. 17. The apparatus according to claim 16, wherein said insulation means comprises a transparent cover means over the side of the solar panel facing the sun. 18. The apparatus according to claim 17, where the transparent cover means comprises a glass plate. 19. The apparatus according to claim 16, wherein the solar panel is spaced from the wall and said insulation means comprises an insulating layer attached to the side of the solar panel facing the wall and surrounding the adjacent extending end portion of the heat pipe. 20. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the middle portion is fabricated of a material having a lower thermal conductivity than the heat conducting material of the end portions. 21. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the end portions are lined with a wicking material. 22. A controllable heat pipe comprising a sealed tube containing a vaporizable fluid, said tube having a middle portion and two closed end portions with the portions at each end (a) being arranged with respect to a middle portion axis extending axially along the length of the middle portion of the heat pipe and to a plane passing through said axis so that one closed end extends only perpendicularly above the plane while the other closed end extends perpendicularly to the axis and only below the plane, and (b) forming a minimum angle between them when viewed along the middle portion as the vertex of at least 90.degree., said tube not requiring any wicking material through which the fluid transfers from one end to the other end. 23. The controlled heat pipe according to claim 22, wherein the amount of fluid in the pipe is selected so that when the middle portion is horizontal and one end portion is extending downward, all of the fluid is contained with the downward extending end with essentially no fluid in the middle portion. 24. The controlled heat pipe according to claim 22, wherein the angle between the two extending end portions is about 180.degree.. 25. The controlled heat pipe according to claim 24, further comprising fluid blocking means on a segment of the inner circumference of the pipe at a position between where the two end portions extend. 26. The controlled heat pipe according to claim 22, wherein the two extending end portions form an angle between them when viewed along the middle portion as the vertex of less than 180.degree. and whereby when both extending ends are positioned above the middle portion when the middle portion is held horizontal, heat will not pass through the pipe. 27. The controlled heat pipe according to claim 22, wherein each end portion has a flat section on the side of the pipe to provide heat transfer to a flat surface. 28. The controlled heat pipe according to claim 22, wherein the heat pipe further comprises an extension piece extending, in axial alignment with the middle portion, past one end portion with said extension piece being in fluid relation with the rest of the heat pipe and having its extended end capped. 29. The controlled heat pipe according to claim 22, wherein the middle portion is fabricated of a material having a lower thermal conductivity than the heat conducting material of the end portions. 30. The controlled heat pipe according to claim 22, wherein the end portions are lined with a wicking material. 