A solar distillation unit is disclosed capable of operating entirely off solar radiation and intended for large scale industrial use offshore. A lens focusing system housed within an enclosed shell focuses the incident radiation from the sun on a heating element. Saltwater or contaminated fresh water is ejected toward the heating element at a predetermined rate resulting in the immediate evaporation of the water. The water vapor migrates and condenses on the cooler inner surface of the shell running to the bottom where it is collected and removed as fresh water.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar distillation apparatus to remove impurities from salt water or contaminated fresh water comprising: an enclosed shell; at least one heating element mounted within said shell; at least one light focussing system supported by said shell for focussing solar radiation onto said heating element; a control system for detecting the solar radiation and orienting the light focussing system with the path of the sun; means for introducing salt water or contaminated fresh water into a heat transfer relationship with the heating element to vaporize said water within said shell; a condensation surface comprising an inner surface of said shell for liquifying said vapor into potable fresh water condensate; and, means for cleaning and reshaping said heating element. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said enclosed shell is spherical in shape. 3. Apparatus according to claim 2 wherein said shell is gimbal mounted. 4. Apparatus according to claim 3 wherein said gimbaled mounting comprises a bracket adapted to rotate about a first axis, and said bracket serving to mount the shell for independent rotation about a second axis perpendicular to the first axis. 5. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said light focussing system includes: an elongated housing, including a vent in said housing to external air for purposes of removal of heat from the lens housing to increase the efficiency of condensation within the shell; and, at least one lens mounted within said elongated housing to concentrate said solar radiation onto said heating element. 6. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said means for cleaning and reshaping said heating element further includes: an overflow cup for catching said residue material removed from said heating element; a bowl gimbaled horizontally within said overflow cup for supporting said heating element; and, a tubular member attached to and mutually perpendicular with said overflow cup, and further extending from said shell. 7. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said means for introducing saltwater or contaminated fresh water comprises an elongated tubular member extending from a supply of said impure water outside said shell to the interior of said shell terminating adjacent said heating element. 8. Apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising means for removing said potable fresh water condensate from the bottom interior of said shell having an elongated tubular member extending from said means for removing to the exterior of said shell. 9. A solar distillation apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said means for cleaning and reshaping said heating element comprises at least one blade for removing residue material remaining after evaporation whereby said blade is periodically rotated about said heating element by a servo-motor. 10. A solar distillation apparatus to remove inpurities from salt water or contaminated fresh water, having an enclosed shell, capable of vaporizing impure water and condensing the vapors as potable fresh water on the inner surface of said shell, wherein the improvement comprises: at least one heating element mounted within said shell; at least one light focussing system supported by said shell for focussing solar radiation on said heating element within said shell to heat said element; a control system for detecting the solar radiation and orienting said light focussing system with the path of said solar radiation; and, means for cleaning and reshaping said at least one heating element after evaporation. 11. A solar distillation apparatus to remove impurities from salt water or contaminated fresh water comprising: an enclosed shell gimbal mounted to rotate about first and second axes mutually perpendicular, said gimbal mounting includes a bracket adapted to rotate about said first axes; at least one heating element mounted within said shell and heated by concentration of solar radiation; at least one light focussing system supported by said shell having at least one lens each for focussing solar radiation onto said heating element, and an enclosed housing having a vent to prevent heat being displaced into the cooler interior of said shell; a control system to detect solar radiation and to orient said light focussing system with the path of the sun, said control system having a plurality of sensors to detect said solar radiation and, motor means activated by said sensors to pivot said shell about said first and second axes, continuously reorientating said light focussing system to face the sun throughout the day; means for introducing salt water or contaminated fresh water into a heat transfer relationship with said heating element to vaporize said impure water within said shell; a condensation surface comprising the cooler inner surface of said shell for liquifying said vapor into potable fresh water; means for removing the potable water from the bottom interior of said shell having an elongated tubular member extending to the exterior of said shell; and, means for cleaning and reshaping said at least one heating element after evaporation. 