A solar energy converter is provided in the form of a unit for assembly together with other similar units to build up a solar-energy conversion installation. Each unit includes a fixed support structure, a mounting element articulated on the support structure, and an optical concentrator carried by the mounting element. The optical concentrator consists of a plurality of coplanar, spherical lenses the centers of which are located at the vertices of a polygon. The center of the polygon lies on a line extending perpendicularly to the plane of the lenses through the point of articulation of the mounting element on the support structure. Each unit further includes a plurality of converter modules located at the foci of respective ones of the spherical lenses and carried by respective connecting legs which extend from the mounting element. Each converter module includes a photo-voltaic cell and means for transferring the heat dissipated in the photo-voltaic cell to a liquid.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar-energy conversion unit comprising a fixed support structure; a mounting element articulated on said support structure with at least two degrees of freedom relative thereto; an optical solar-energy concentrator fixed to the said mounting element and comprising a plurality of coplanar spherical lenses mounted with their centers mutually disposed in a geometric pattern corresponding to that formed by the vertices of a polygon, the geometric center of said pattern lying on the notional line perpendicular to the plane of the said lenses which passes through the center of articulation of the said mounting element on the support structure; a plurality of solar-energy converter modules each comprising a photo-voltaic cell; and a plurality of connecting legs extending from said mounting element and supporting respective ones of said converter modules in a common plane parallel to said lenses with each converter module being located at the foci of respective ones of the spherical lenses and with the point of articulation of the mounting element to the support structure being located between said plane and said lenses. 2. A solar-energy conversion unit according to claim 1, including four said lenses and four said photovoltaic cells, each cell being mounted on a respective one of four legs. 3. A solar-energy conversion unit according to claim 1, wherein said spherical lenses are Fresnel lenses. 4. A solar-energy conversion unit according to claim 1, wherein said fixed support structure consists of a rectilinear beam. 5. A solar-energy conversion unit according to claim 1, wherein said mounting element is articulated on said fixed support structure by means of a Cardan joint. 6. A solar-energy conversion unit according to claim 1, wherein each converter module further comprises heat transfer means arranged to transfer heat dissipated in the photo-voltaic cell of the module to a liquid. 