A damper assembly for solar heating systems and the like includes a damper blade pivotably mounted to a peripheral main frame. The damper blade is surrounded by a peripheral flexible sealing element which extends inwardly from the surrounding frame and which is inclined in a direction against the direction of closing damper blade movement. As the damper moves toward a closed position, its sides progressively engage the side portions of the sealing element, with the latter providing a seal with the peripheral face of the blade. The ends of the blade engage the sealing element prior to the blade finally reaching its ultimate closed position, with the sealing being complete at the moment of engagement and throughout the final range of blade movement. The peripheral sealing element is mounted to a subframe which is adjustable on the main frame to thereby sealingly accommodate a warped damper blade. The damper blade is mounted for axial rotation on pins in such a manner that the previous tendency of the mount to bend the blade is substantially eliminated. The blade mounting pins are journalled for rotation in bearings having square exteriors and which are disposed very closely adjacent the squared-off ends of the subframe portions to reduce the possibility of leakage in the bearing area. The damper blade-bearing assembly is spring loaded axially to reduce tolerance problems.
Claims I claim: 1. In a solar heating system or the like, a damper assembly comprising, in combination: (a) a rectangular main frame, (b) a damper blade disposed within said frame, (c) means mounting said blade to said frame for blade rotation about a pivot axis between open and closed positions, (d) said blade having opposed side portions extending transverse to said pivot axis, and having opposed end portions extending parallel to said pivot axis, (e) a plurality of flexible sealing strips mounted on said frame and extending about the periphery of said blade, (f) said sealing strips being positioned for engagement with the peripheral blade face along the opposed side and end portions of said blade as the latter is rotatably closed, (g) said sealing strips being inclined toward their respective side and end blade portions and facing against the direction of closing damper blade movement, (h) a peripheral subframe disposed on the inner portion of said main frame, (i) means securing said sealing strips to said subframe, (j) and means mounting said subframe to said main frame for lateral adjustment of said subframe and sealing strips relative to said main frame. 2. The combination of claim 1 wherein the sealing strips disposed on one side of said pivot axis are inclined and face in a direction toward the respective side and end blade portions which is opposite to the direction of inclination of the strips disposed on the opposite side of said pivot axis. 3. The combination of claims 1 or 2 wherein a plurality of said sealing strips extend transverse to said pivot axis and form means to progressively sealingly engage with the peripheral blade face adjacent said opposed side portions of the blade as said blade is closed. 4. The combination of claim 3 wherein a plurality of sealing strips extend parallel to said pivot axis and form means to substantially instantaneously sealingly engage with the peripheral blade face adjacent said opposed end portions of the blade as said blade is moved toward closed position but at a point before the blade is in said closed position. 5. The combination of claim 4 wherein said second-named plurality of sealing strips form means to maintain sealing engagement with the peripheral blade face in the range of blade movement between said point and said closed position. 6. The combination of claims 1 or 2 wherein a plurality of sealing strips extend parallel to said pivot axis and form means to substantially instantaneously sealingly engage with the peripheral blade face adjacent said opposed end portions of the blade as said blade is moved toward closed position but at a point before the blade is in said closed position. 7. The combination of claim 6 wherein said second-named plurality of sealing strips form means to maintain sealing engagement with the peripheral blade face in the range of blade movement between said point and said closed position. 8. The combination of claim 1: (a) wherein said subframe includes a plurality of pairs of spaced sections extending transverse to said pivot axis and with the inner ends of each pair of said sections being squared-off, (b) and a damper blade bearing forming part of said first-named mounting means and disposed between and closely adjacent each pair of section inner ends, (c) said bearing being rectangular in external configuration to provide a generally line-to-line relationship with said inner ends to thereby reduce leakage therebetween, and being mounted to said blade. 9. The combination of claim 8 which includes: (a) a pin having an enlarged head disposed within said bearing and having an inwardly extending shank, (b) said shank having a flat face, (c) and means securing said damper blade to said shank so that said flat face engages the face of said blade along the said pivot axis. 10. The combination of claim 8 which includes means associated with said bearings to hold the damper blade-bearing assembly in fixed axial position. 11. The combination of claim 10 wherein said holding means comprises: (a) a rigid backup plate disposed adjacent and engaging one bearing, (b) and axial spring loading means disposed adjacent and engaging the other said bearing. 12. The combination of claim 1 wherein: (a) said peripheral subframe comprises: a thin strip member coextensive with the inner walls of said main frame, the outer edge portion of said strip member being bent back upon itself to form an inwardly inclined lip creating a longitudinal groove for receiving a said sealing strip, (b) said strip securing means comprises: longitudinal holding clips holding the sealing strip against said lip, (c) and said mounting means comprises: transverse slots disposed in said strip members and said clips, and mounting members passing through said slots into said main frame. 13. In a solar heating system or the like, a damper assembly comprising, in combination: (a) a rectangular main frame, (b) a damper blade disposed within said frame, (c) means mounting said blade to said frame for blade rotation about a pivot axis between open and closed positions, (d) said blade having opposed side portions extending transverse to said pivot axis, and having opposed end portions extending parallel to said pivot axis, (e) a plurality of flexible sealing strips mounted on said frame and extending about the periphery of said blade, (f) a peripheral subframe disposed on the inner portion of said main frame, (g) means securing said sealing strips to said subframe, (h) and means mounting said subframe to said main frame for lateral adjustment of said subframe and sealing strips relative to said main frame. 14. In a solar heating system or the like, a damper assembly comprising, in combination: (a) a rectangular main frame, (b) a damper blade disposed within said frame, (c) means mounting said blade to said frame for blade rotation about a pivot axis between open and closed positions, (d) said blade having opposed side portions extending transverse to said pivot axis, and having opposed end portions extending parallel to said pivot axis, (e) a plurality of flexible sealing strips mounted on said frame and extending about the periphery of said blade, (f) a subframe secured on the inner portion of said main frame, (g) said subframe including a plurality of pairs of spaced sections extending transverse to said pivot axis and with the inner ends of each pair of sections being squared-off, (h) and a damper blade bearing forming part of said mounting means and disposed between and closely adjacent each pair of section inner ends, (i) said bearing being rectangular in external configuration to provide a generally line-to-line relationship with said inner ends to thereby reduce leakage therebetween. 15. The combination of claim 14 which includes: (a) a pin having an enlarged head disposed within said bearing and having an inwardly extending shank, (b) said shank having a flat face, (c) and means securing said damper blade to said shank so that said flat face engages the face of said blade along the said pivot axis. 16. In a solar heating system or the like, a damper assembly comprising, in combination: (a) a rectangular main frame, (b) a damper blade disposed within said frame, (c) means mounting said blade to said frame for blade rotation about a pivot axis between open and closed positions, (d) said blade having opposed side portions extending transverse to said pivot axis, and having opposed end portions extending parallel to said pivot axis, (e) a plurality of flexible sealing strips mounted on said frame and extending about the periphery of said blade, (f) a subframe secured on the inner portion of said main frame, (g) said subframe including a plurality of pairs of spaced sections extending transverse to said pivot axis, (h) a damper blade bearing forming part of said mounting means and disposed between and closely adjacent each pair of section inner ends, (i) and means associated with said bearings to hold the said damper blade-bearing assembly in fixed axial position. 17. The combination of claim 16 wherein said axial shifting limiting means comprises: (a) a rigid backup plate disposed adjacent and engaging one bearing, (b) and axial spring loading means disposed adjacent and engaging the other said bearing to bias said blade toward said backup plate. 