A solar heating system is described which includes solar heat collectors mounted on the roof or side of a building facing toward the sun with air in contact therewith for heating, which air is circulated through ducts in a heat storage unit, the air flow being controlled by a differential thermostat which provides heated air to the storage unit so long as the temperature of the air in the heat collectors is a few degress above that of the storage unit. The heat storage unit has ducts therein communicating with the interior of a building but separate from the ducts attached to the collectors for transferring stored heat from the storage unit to air to be circulated within the building. The air circulation within the building is controlled by a thermostat attached to a blower and to a source of auxiliary heat when the temperature in the storage unit is below a predetermined level. The storage unit may have a pipe loop passing therethrough for pre-heating the water for a domestic hot water heater. The solar heat collectors each include a backing sheet or wall, such as masonite, with a plurality of finned metal heat absorbers attached thereto, and with a transparent cover thereover, the collectors being mounted to the exterior of the building by retainers attached by lag bolts to roof beams or rafters or to exterior rafters replacing the roof covering or the exterior wall covering.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar heat collector for mounting on a portion of a building exposed to the sun comprising a backing member of relatively rigid insulating sheet material mounted in position on the exterior portion of the building by at least one retainer means extending through said backing member and having a lower air inlet opening therethrough and an upper air outlet opening therethrough, a plurality of spaced elongated finned heat absorber members mounted to said backing member and extending longitudinally along said backing member for passage of air therethrough for heating, cover means enclosing said backing and said heat absorber means, and said cover means including at least one bilaterally curved transparent dome with side marginal edges, said retainer means being in strip form and engaging said side marginal edges of said cover means and retaining said backing in attached relation to the exterior portion of said building, said retainer means including a bottom plate having at least one upwardly extending rib in contact with said backing, a top plate in engagement with the side edges of said dome retaining said backing between said dome and said backing plate, at least one plate connecting said top and bottom plates, and lag bolts engaged with said retainer and an exterior portion of said building. 2. A solar heat collector as defined in claim 1 in which guide ribs are provided parallel to said top and bottom plates attached to said connecting plate. 3. A solar heat collector as defined in claim 1 in which said retainer has a plate extending from said bottom plate at an angle therefrom and has a lag bolt therein for attachment to a portion of said building. 4. A solar heat collector as defined in claim 1 in which said collector is mounted to said building by a top retainer, an intermediate retainer and a bottom retainer. 5. A solar heat collector as defined in claim 1 in which said heat absorber means comprises a plate having plate portions disposed at an angle to said backing, each of said plate portions having openings with interior plate portions at an angle to said first mentioned plate portions for air circulation through said openings. 6. A solar heat collector as defined in claim 1 in which said heat absorber means comprises a plate having plate portions disposed at an angle to said backing, each of said plate portions having openings with interior plate portions bent upwardly at an angle to said plate portions for air circulation through said openings. 7. A solar heat collector as defined in claim 1 in which said heat absorber means comprises a plate having plate portions disposed at an angle to said backing, each of said plate portions having openings with interior plate portions bent downwardly at an angle to said plate portions for air circulation through said openings. 8. A solar heat collector as defined in claim 5 in which each of said plate portions has, interiorly of said openings, additional openings with additional interior plate portions at a different angle to said first mentioned plate. 9. A solar heat collector for mounting on a portion of a building exposed to the sun comprising a backing member of relatively rigid insulating sheet material mounted in position on the exterior portion of the building by at least one retainer means extending through said backing member and having a lower air inlet opening therethrough and an upper air outlet opening therethrough, a plurality of spaced heat absorber members mounted to said backing member and extending longitudinally along said backing member for passage of air therethrough for heating, cover means enclosing said backing member and said heat absorber means, and said cover means including at least one bilaterally curved transparent dome with side marginal edges for access of the sun to the interior, said heat absorber means comprising a plurality of elongated strips including strips contiguous to said side marginal edges, said strips having side ribs, a central rib in a plane parallel to and spaced from said side ribs, and intermediate strips between said side ribs and said central ribs, said intermediate strips being angularly disposed with respect to said central rib and having spaced therealong a plurality of outer and inner cutout portions, the outer cutout portions being disposed at a different angle with respect to the intermediate portions than the inner cutout portions. 10. A solar heat collector as defined in claim 9 in which said outer and inner cutout portions are rounded. 11. A solar heat collector as defined in claim 9 in which alternate strips are disposed with said side ribs secured to said backing member and said central rib secured to said backing member. 12. A solar heat collector as defined in claim 11 in which said strips having said side ribs secured to said backing member have said cutout portions disposed downwardly. 13. A solar heat collector as defined in claim 11 in which said strips having said central ribs secured to said backing member have said cutout portions disposed upwardly. 