A solar energy collector apparatus and method, the apparatus including an open-top shell-like structure. A Fresnel lens system and a mirror system inside the shell structure focus and direct solar energy toward a solar energy absorber apparatus also inside the shell structure. The shell structure is mounted upon a hollow axle in a framework for rotation about its longitudinal axis. The framework supports the longitudinal axis in a position generally parallel to the axis of rotation of the earth to provide an equatorial mounting for the solar energy collector. Rotation about the longitudinal axis adapts the solar collector for following the east-west movement of the sun. The optical apparatus in the shell structure is adapted for movement to follow the north-south seasonal changes in the sun's position. The solar energy absorber apparatus is nonrotatably supported inside the shell structure by the hollow axle and heat transfer conduits pass through the hollow axle to the solar energy absorber apparatus in nonrotable relationship therewith. A photovoltaic apparatus may be included within the shell structure for converting at least a portion of the incoming solar spectrum to electrical energy. This combination of features provides higher solar efficiencies and higher temperatures in the heat transfer fluid. The method includes tracking the sun with the solar energy collector apparatus thereby maximizing the amount of solar energy collected while eliminating coupling failures in the heat transfer conduits.
Claims What is claimed and desired to be secured by a United States Letters Patent is: 1. A solar collector comprising: a shell structure, the shell structure having an open top; first mounting means for the shell structure for rotating the shell structure about an axis to orient the open top of the shell structure toward the sun; solar energy absorber means inside the shell structure and mounted coaxially with the axis; second mounting means for supporting the solar energy absorber means inside the shell structure in a nonrotatable position relative to the sun to thereby accomodate rotational movement of the shell structure about the solar energy absorber means, the second mounting means comprising a first hollow shaft and a second shaft, the shell structure being rotatably mounted on the first hollow shaft and the second shaft, the second mounting means further comprising a bridge structure extending between the first hollow shaft and the second shaft, the bridge structure supporting the solar energy absorber means; and focusing means in the shell structure for focusing solar energy toward the solar energy absorber means and focusing the solar energy coaxially on the solar energy absorber means, said focusing means comprising a Fresnel lens means inside the shell structure and mounted to focus solar energy on a mirror means, the mirror means reflecting the solar energy toward the solar energy absorber means. 2. The solar collector defined in claim 1 wherein the first mounting means comprises a framework with the shell structure rotatably mounted to the framework. 3. The solar collector defined in claim 2 wherein the framework further comprises means for orienting the framework in an orientation to place the axis of the shell structure generally parallel to the axis of rotation of the earth. 4. The solar collector defined in claim 2 wherein the first mounting means further comprises a base for supporting the framework, the base being oriented in a north-south direction to accommodate orienting the open top of the shell structure toward the sun. 5. The solar collector defined in claim 1 wherein the shell structure further comprises a transparent cover over the open top of the shell structure. 6. The solar collector defined in claim 1 wherein the second mounting means comprises a first hollow shaft on at least one end of the shell structure, the hollow shaft serving as a passageway for said conduit means in rotatable relation to the shell structure and nonrotatable relation to said framework. 7. The solar collector defined in claim 1 wherein the solar energy absorber means includes photovoltaic means for converting solar energy to electrical energy. 8. The solar collector defined in claim 1 wherein the solar energy absorber means includes conduit means for conducting a fluid heat transfer medium to and from the solar energy absorber means, the conduit means passing through the hollow axle of the second mounting means thereby avoiding rotation of the conduit means when the shell structure is rotated upon the first mounting means. 9. The solar collector defined in claim 1 wherein the solar energy absorber means comprises a holorum. 10. A solar collector comprising: a shell structure, the shell structure having an open top; first mounting means for the shell structure for rotating the shell structure about an axis to orient the open top of the shell structure toward the sun; solar energy absorber means inside the shell structure; second mounting means for supporting the solar energy absorber means inside the shell structure in a nonrotatable position relative to the sun to thereby accommodate rotational movement of the shell structure about the solar energy absorber means, the second mounting means including a hollow axle; and focusing means in the shell structure for focusing solar energy toward the solar energy absorber means, the focusing means comprising a Fresnel lens means and a mirror, the Fresnel lens means focusing solar flux on the mirror and the mirror reflecting the focused solar flux toward the solar energy absorber means, the Fresnel lens means further comprising support means for moveably supporting the Fresnel lens means inside said shell structure to accommodate movement of the Fresnel lens means in tracking relationship to the sun, the support structure further comprising support means for supporting said mirror relative to said Fresnel lens means to accommodate reflecting solar energy to said solar energy absorber means. 11. The solar collector defined in claim 10 wherein the support means comprises a first support arm adapted to pivotally support a mirror at the longitudinal axis of the second mounting means, a second support arm to support a Fresnel lens means over the mirror and linkage to move the angular orientation of the mirror to about one half the angular movement of the Fresnel lens. 12. The solar collector defined in claim 10 wherein the support means comprises a rotatable shaft, a mirror mounted to the shaft, a Fresnel lens rotatably mounted to the shaft on extended arms and gear means for rotating the Fresnel lens about the shaft while changing the angular rotation of the mirror to about one half the angular displacement of the Fresnel lens. 13. A solar collector apparatus comprising: a framework; a plurality of solar collectors; first mounting means for rotatably mounting the solar collectors in the framework, each solar collector being rotatable about an axis; solar energy absorber means in each of the solar collectors and mounted coaxially with the axis of the solar collector; second mounting means for mounting the solar energy absorber means in each of the solar collectors and nonrotatably relative to the framework, the second mounting means comprising at least one hollow axle for each solar collector; conduit means for transporting a fluid heat transfer medium through the solar energy absorber means, the second mounting means further comprising a bridge structure in each solar collector, the bridge structure being nonrotatably mounted to the framework and serving as a platform for the solar energy absorber means and the conduit means; the conduit means passing through the hollow axle of the second mounting means and thereby being in nonrotatable relationship with said framework; and focusing means in each solar collector for focusing solar energy coaxially toward each solar energy absorber means, said focusing means comprising a Fresnel lens means and a mirror means, the Fresnel lens means focusing solar energy on the mirror means and the mirror means reflecting the solar energy coaxially toward the solar energy absorber means. 14. The solar collector apparatus defined in claim 13 wherein the first mounting means further comprises rotating means for rotating the solar collectors in the framework. 15. The solar collector apparatus defined in claim 14 wherein the rotating means comprises a gear on each solar collector and a rotatable shaft with a plurality of worm gears on the shaft, each of the worm gears selectively engaging the gears on the solar collector so that rotation of the shaft imparts rotation to the solar collectors. 16. The solar collector apparatus defined in claim 13 wherein the Fresnel lens means is configurated as a curvilinear Fresnel lens and the mirror is configurated as a flat mirror. 17. The solar collector apparatus defined in claim 13 wherein the Fresnel lens means is configurated as a first Fresnel lens and a second Fresnel lens, the first Fresnel lens configurated as a linear Fresnel lens and serving as a cover for said solar collector and having a linear focus, the second Fresnel lens configurated as a second, linear Fresnel lens having a linear focus transverse to the first Fresnel lens, the first Fresnel lens focusing solar flux as a generally linear focal pattern on said second Fresnel lens, said second Fresnel lens focusing the solar flux in a generally rectangular focal pattern on said mirror. 18. A solar collector apparatus comprising: a framework; a plurality of solar collectors; first mounting means for rotatably mounting the solar collectors in the framework; solar energy absorber means in each of the solar collectors; second mounting means for mounting the solar energy absorber means in each of the solar collectors and nonrotatably relative to the framework, the second mounting means comprising at least one hollow axle for each solar collector; conduit means for transporting a fluid heat transfer medium through the solar energy absorber means, the conduit means passing through the hollow axle of the second mounting means and thereby being in nonrotatable relationship with said framework; and focusing means in each solar collector for focusing solar energy toward each solar energy absorber means, said focusing means comprising a Fresnel lens means and a mirror means, the Fresnel lens means focusing solar energy on the mirror means and the mirror means reflecting the solar energy coaxially toward the solar energy absorber means, said focusing means further comprising support means for supporting at least one Fresnel lens means inside said shell structure in spaced relationship to a mirror means, said support means orienting said Fresnel lens means for tracking the sun while said mirror is oriented relative to said Fresnel lens means for reflecting said focused solar flux toward said solar energy absorber means. 