The present invention comprises a concentrating solar energy collector of multiple V-shaped troughs formed from complementary ridges of inverted V-shape. If the angles and spacing of the ridges are properly chosen, V-troughs of any desired concentration ratio can be constructed. Additionally, if the reflective material of the ridges is provided to be of a flexible nature at specific places, and the support for the ridges is constructed to provide tension on the ridge structure, slippage at its flexible areas, and laterally shifting capability, the axes of the ridges can be pivoted through a unique flexible shape method of pivoting the ridge structures themselves. When controlled by a solar-sensitive aiming device, this pivoting of the ridges provides the solar tracking of the V-trough axes which is necessary if the V-troughs are to accept all the solar radiation incident on them year-round and concentrate it on the absorbers at their bases. Finally, because of energy losses inherent in the V-shaped design, an embodiment of this collector is described incorporating fluid-conducting means within the ridge structures and in thermal contact with the ridge's side walls. If a cool fluid is circulated through these conducting means, energy lost to the ridge side walls by multiple light reflections and from the warm solar absorber can be recirculated to the absorber, thus substantially increasing the efficiency of this collector.
Claims I claim: 1. A tracking solar energy concentrator comprising: a plurality of parallel adjacent solar tracking ridges of inverted V-shape in cross-section, said ridges being spaced to form V-shaped troughs, each of said ridges having an apex axis edge and two base axis edges joined by two sides, support means for supporting each of said ridges at said apex and base axis edges, said sides formed of material having a highly light-reflective surface facing said troughs, said reflective material being of a flexibe nature to provide for slippage around said support means during tracking orientation, said support means also providing for slippage and pivoting of said reflective material around said support means during tracking orientation, means to provide tension upon said reflective material whereby the shape of said ridges is maintained throughout thermal fluctuations and tracking orientation, driving and guiding means for the simultaneous relative lateral and vertical displacement of each of said apex axis support means with respect to said base axes support means, said driving means and said pivotally mounting means such that the operative axis of the control means shifts with and remains substantially in parallel with the operative axis of the V-shaped troughs throughout tracking orientation. 2. The solar concentrator of claim 1 further including means for absorbing the solar radiation within the V-shaped troughs. 3. The solar concentrator of claim 2 further including means within said ridges for conducting fluid flow, said fluid-conducting-means in thermal contact with said ridge sides. 