A modular system of solar insolation panels having sun tracking capability and adapted to be installed directly upon a roof structure and integrated with the surrounding roofing, and comprised of prismatic lenses embodied in a multiplicity of transparent tubes disposed in normal relation to the traverse plane of the sun, and arranged upon an insulation panel and with corner fittings and knock-out plugs to be employed as circumstances require.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar insolation panel for installation upon an inclined roof plane substantially normal to the plane of the sun's traverse across the sky, and including; a multiplicity of transparent light focusing tubes disposed in substantially normal relation to the traverse plane of the sun and extending between spaced headers and open therethrough for the transport of fluid media therein, the transport tubes having elongated prismatic lens walls exposed to the sun's rays and focused to condense the sun's rays into the fluid media within the tubes to absorb heat during the sun's traverse across the sky, and a structural backing of insulation material underlying the tubes mounted thereto and secured to the roof. 2. The solar insolation panel as set forth in claim 1, wherein the prismatic lens walls are of concavo-convex form exposed to the sun's rays and focused into the fluid media within the tubes during said traverse across the sky. 3. The solar insolation panel as set forth in claim 1, wherein the prismatic lens walls are of concavo-convex form and of short focal length focusing the sun's rays into the fluid media within the tubes during said traverse across the sky. 4. A solar insolation panel for installation upon an inclined roof plane substantially normal to the plane of the sun's traverse across the sky, and including; an assembly of members of transparent material laid adjacent one to the other in substantially nornal relation to the traverse plane of the sun across the sky and each comprising an upwardly crowned prismatic lens wall exposed to the sun's rays and focused to condense the sun's rays into a fluid media contained within a channel formed by said lens wall extending between spaced and parallel male and female rails and forming said fluid media channel therebetween, there being an extension from a rail of one member to underlie and close the channel of the next adjacent member, spaced headers with manifold openings into the channels of said members for the transport of fluid media absorbing heat therein, and means integrally joining the assembly of members and headers. 5. The solar insolation panel as set forth in claim 4, wherein the assembly of members are coextensive to planar sides having flat joinder planes with the headers. 6. The solar insolation panel as set forth in claim 4, wherein the assembly of members are coextensive to planar sides having flat joinder planes with the headers, and wherein integral joining of the assembly is by means of solvent welding. 7. The solar insolation panel as set forth in claim 4, wherein the said rail extension of one member forms a mounting flange. 8. The solar insolation panel as set forth in claim 4, wherein the said rail extension of one of said members forms a mounting flange at one margin, and wherein another of said members closes the channel and forms a mounting flange at the opposite margin. 9. The solar insolation panel as set forth in claim 4, wherein the headers have marginal extensions forming opposite mounting flanges. 10. The solar insolation panel as set forth in claim 4, wherein the said rail extension of one of said members forms a mounting flange at one margin, and wherein another of said members closes the channel and forms a mounting flange at the opposite margin, and wherein the headers have marginal extensions forming opposite mounting flanges. 11. The solar insolation panel as set forth in claim 4, wherein a structural backing of insulation material underlies the assembly of members and headers and is adapted to securement to the roof. 12. The solar insolation panel as set forth in claim 4, wherein the said rail extension of one of said members forms a mounting flange at one margin, wherein another of said members closes the channel and forms a mounting flange at the opposite margin, wherein the headers have marginal extensions forming opposite mounting flanges, and wherein a structural backing of insulation material underlies the assembly of members and headers and is adapted to securement to the roof. 13. The solar insolation panel as set forth in claim 4, wherein a structural backing of insulation material underlies the assembly of members and headers and is adapted to securement to the roof, wherein the said rail extension of one member forms a mounting flange overlying the structural backing, and wherein rigid flashing overlies said mounting flange and structural backing to stengthen the same and extends into the surrounding roofing to integrate therewith. 14. The solar insolation panel as set forth in claim 4, wherein a structural backing of insulation material underlies the assembly of members and headers and is adapted to securement to the roof, wherein the said rial extension of one of said members forms a mounting flange overlying the structural backing at one margin, wherein another of said members closes the channel and forms a mounting flange overlying the structural backing at the opposite margin, and wherein rigid flashing overlies said mounting flanges and structural backing to strengthen the same and extends into the surrounding roofing to integrate therewith. 15. The solar insolation panel as set forth in claim 4, wherein a structural backing of insulation material underlies the assembly of members and headers and is adapted to securement to the roof, wherein the headers have marginal extensions forming opposite mounting flanges overlying the structural backing, and wherein rigid flashing overlies said mounting flanges and structural backing to strengthen the same and extends into the surrounding roofing to integrate therewith. 16. The solar insolation panel as set forth in claim 4, wherein a structural backing of insulation material underlies the assembly of members and headers and is adapted to securement to the roof, wherein the said rail extension of one of said members forms a mounting flange overlying the structural backing at one margin, wherein another of said members closes the channel and forms a mounting flange overlying the structural backing at the opposite margin, wherein the headers have marginal extensions forming opposite mounting flanges overlying the structural backing, and wherein rigid perimeter flashing overlies said mounting flanges and structural backing to strengthen the same and extends into the surrounding rooofing to integrate therewith. 17. Modular solar insolation panels for installation upon an inclined roof plane substantially normal to the plane of the sun's traverse across the sky, and including an assembly of a multiplicity of transparent tubes disposed in substantially normal relation to the traverse plane of the sun and extending between spaced headers and open therethrough for the transport of fluid media absorbing heat therein, a fitting in communication with the headers at each corner of the assembly and having liquid openings exposed through adjacent sides of each corner fitting, and there being plugs closing said openings and replaced by nipples to establish flow as circumstances require. 18. The modular panels for the collection of solar heat as set forth in claim 17, wherein the corner fittings of the panels are selectively unpluged and plumbed with inlet and outlet piping. 19. The modular panels for the collection of solar heat as set forth in claim 17, wherein the panels are juxtaposed side by side with the corner fittings at said side spaced one from the other with the said openings thereof in alignment and the said plugs removeable and replaceable with the said nipples extending therebetween for fluid communication. 20. The modular panels for the collection of solar heat as set forth in claim 17, wherein the panels are juxtaposed side by side and end to end with the corner fittings at said side and ends spaced one from the other with the said openings thereof in alignment and the said plugs removeable and replaceable with the said nipples extending therebetween for fluid communication. 21. The modular panels for the collection of solar heat as set forth in claim 17, wherein the panels are engageable side by side with the corner fittings at said side engageable one against the other with the said openings thereof in alignment and the said plugs removeable and replaceable with the said nipples extending therebetween for fluid communication. 22. The modular panels for the collection of solar heat as set forth in claim 17, wherein the panels are engageable side by side and end to end with the corner fittings at said side and ends engageable one against the other with the said openings thereof in alignment and the said plugs removeable and replaceable with the said nipples extending therebetween for fluid communication. 