A water-borne tracking solar energy collecting and converting system employing booster and multiple mirror concentrator collectors for concentrating sunlight on either photovoltaic cells and/or flat plate collectors.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A heat exchange means comprising: a floating platform, means for positioning said platform for arcuate movement through a given path when floating on a liquid, a plurality of arrays of juxtapositioned parallelly arranged reflectors each mounted on the top of said platform, at least one solar ray collector panel mounted on each array to extend longitudinally of said reflectors and disposed with its axis in the focal zone of said reflectors, each array of said reflectors comprising at least one pair of reflector surfaces with one of each pair being angularly arranged on different sides of a given collector panel for directing the solar rays toward the collector panel, and platform actuating means for moving said platform about an arcuate path for tracking the sun in an azimuthal mode. 2. The heat exchange means set forth in claim 1 wherein: said platform actuating means comprising a motor means for driving the peripheral edge of said platform for rotation thereof. 3. The heat exchange means set forth in claim 1 wherein: said platform actuating motor means comprises a motor driven windlass engaging the peripheral edge of said platform. 4. The heat exchange means set forth in claim 1 wherein: said array of reflectors comprises pairs of similar reflectors one angularly arranged on each side of a collector panel for directing the solar rays toward the collector panels in a direction away from the sun. 5. The heat exchange means set forth in claim 1 wherein: each array of said reflectors comprises at least one pair of similar reflective surfaces angularly positioned one on each side of a collector panel for directing the solar rays toward the collector panel in a direction toward the sun. 6. The heat exchange means set forth in claim 5 wherein: said reflective surfaces are of different widths according to their distance from the associated panel in order to provide complete illumination of the associated panel. 7. The heat exchange means set forth in claim 1 wherein: the collector panels are each provided with a plurality of photovoltaic cells. 8. A heat exchange means comprising: a floating platform, means for positioning said platform for arcuate movement through a given path when floating on a liquid, a plurality of arrays of juxtapositioned reflectors each mounted on hinged supports on the top of said platform, each array of reflectors is spaced with relationship to the others to reduce shadowing when the sun is at low angle and comprising more than one reflective surface for reflecting solar rays to a given solar ray collector, at least one solar ray collector panel mounted on each array of reflectors to extend longitudinally of said reflectors and disposed with its axis in the focal zone of said reflectors, each array of reflectors comprising at least one reflective surface angularly positioned on each side of a collector panel for directing the solar rays toward the collector panel, each collector panel being provided with a plurality of liquid cooled photovoltaic cells means for pivotally mounting each of said array of reflectors on the top surface of said platform, motor means for simultaneously pivotally moving each of said arrays of reflectors, means for sensing the position of the sun for energizing said motor means and for moving the arrays to orient and maintain said reflectors approximately in a plane containing the sun's center, whereby the reflection of the sun's rays are concentrated by said reflectors on the collection panels, and platform actuating means for moving said platform about an arcuate path, said platform actuating means comprising a motor means for engaging the peripheral edge of said platform for rotation thereof using an azimuthal mode for tracking the sun. 9. The heat exchange means set forth in claim 8 in further combination with: a post mounted adjacent said platform, and means for attaching said motor means to said post for guided movement therealong upon fluctuation of the level of the water supporting said platform. 10. The heat exchange means set forth in claim 9 wherein: said post is rectangular in cross-section and provided with a slot extending longitudinal thereof, and ball bearings mounted in said slot, said means for attaching said motor means to said post comprises a plate surrounding said post and guided therealong by said post and the ball bearings in said slot, said plate preventing rotation of said motor means relative to said post. 11. The heat exchange means set forth in claim 8 wherein: said platform is provided with a fiberglass or other smooth coating around its water engaging surfaces to prevent freezing to the water on which it is floating. 12. The heat exchange means set forth in claim 8 wherein: said array of reflectors comprises pairs of similar reflectors one angularly arranged on each side of a collector panel for directing the solar rays toward the collector panels in a direction away from the sun. 13. The heat exchange means set forth in claim 8 wherein: said array of reflectors comprise more than one reflective surface angularly positioned on each side of a collector panel for directing the solar rays toward the collector panel in a direction back toward the sun. 14. The heat exchange means set forth in claim 8 wherein: said reflective surfaces are of different widths according to their distance from the associated panel in order to provide complete illumination of the associated panel. 15. The heat exchange means set forth in claim 1 wherein: each pair of reflective surfaces associated with a given panel are positioned at a different angular position with reference to the top of said platform than any other pair of reflective surface on said platform associated with said panel. 