A solar energy collector apparatus and method, the apparatus including an open-top shell structure configured with either an enclosed or lattice configuration and having a Fresnel lens system covering the open top of the shell structure. A mirror system and solar energy absorber apparatus are placed inside the shell structure. The shell structure is mounted upon a hollow axle for rotation about its longitudinal axis. The shell structure is also mounted for vertical movement of one end of the longitudinal axis to adapt the shell structure for following north-south changes in the sun's seasonal position. The hollow axle supports the solar energy absorber apparatus nonrotatably inside the shell structure and in fluid communication with insulated heat transfer conduits that pass nonrotatably through the hollow axle. A photovoltaic apparatus may be included in the shell structure for converting at least a portion of the solar flux to electrical energy while the heat transfer conduits supply any necessary cooling to the photovoltaic apparatus. This combination of features provides higher solar efficiencies and higher temperatures in the heat transfer fluid. The method includes tracking the sun with the solar energy collector apparatus thereby maximizing the amount of solar energy collected while eliminating twisting and thereby coupling failures in the heat transfer conduits.
Claims What is claimed and desired to be secured by a United States Letters Patent is: 1. A solar collector comprising: a shell structure, the shell structure having an open top; first mounting means for the shell structure; solar energy absorber means inside the shell structure; second mounting means for the shell structure and supporting the solar energy absorber means coaxially inside the shell structure in a nonrotatable position relative to the sun to thereby accomodate rotational movement of the shell about the solar energy absorber means to accomodate rotating the shell structure about an axis of the second mounting means to orient the open top of the shell structure toward the sun, the second mounting means comprising a first hollow shaft and a second shaft, the shell structure being rotatably mounted on the first hollow shaft and the second shaft, the second mounting means further comprising a bridge structure extending between and substantially aligned with the first hollow shaft and the second shaft, the bridge structure supporting the solar energy absorber means; and optical means in the shell structure for directing solar energy toward the solar energy absorber means, said optical means comprising a Fresnel lens means for focusing solar flux and mirror means for reflecting the focused solar flux toward the solar energy absorber means, said Fresnel lens means comprising a transparent cover over the open top of the shell structure. 2. The solar collector defined in claim 1 wherein the first mounting means comprises a framework with the shell structure rotatably mounted on the second mounting means in the framework. 3. The solar collector defined in claim 2 wherein the first mounting means further comprises a base with the framework movably mounted to the base to accommodate orienting the open top of the shell structure toward the sun. 4. The solar collector defined in claim 1 wherein the solar energy absorber means includes photovoltaic means for converting at least a portion of the solar energy to electrical energy. 5. The solar collector defined in claim 1 wherein the solar energy absorber means includes conduit means for conducting a fluid heat transfer medium to and from the solar energy absorber means, the conduit means passing through the second mounting means thereby avoiding rotation of the conduit means when the shell structure is rotated upon the first mounting means. 6. The solar collector defined in claim 1 wherein the solar energy absorber means comprises a holorum. 7. The solar collector defined in claim 1 wherein the second mounting means comprises at least a first hollow shaft on at least one end of the shell structure, the hollow shaft serving as a passageway for said conduit means in rotatable relation to the shell structure and nonrotatable relation to said framework. 8. A solar collector apparatus comprising: a framework; a plurality of solar collectors; first mounting means for rotatably mounting the solar collectors in the framework; solar energy absorber means in each of the solar collectors; second mounting means for mounting the solar energy absorber means coaxially in each of the solar collectors and nonrotatably relative to the framework, the second mounting means comprising a first hollow shaft and a second shaft on each solar collector, each solar collector being rotatably mounted on its respective first hollow shaft and its second shaft, the second mounting means further comprising a bridge structure in each solar collector extending between and substantially aligned with its respective first hollow shaft and its second shaft, the budge structure supporting the solar energy absorber means; conduit means for transporting a fluid heat transfer medium through the solar energy absorber means, the conduit means passing through the hollow axle of the second mounting means and thereby being in nonrotatable relationship with the framework; and optical means for directing solar energy toward the solar energy absorber means, said optical means comprising a Fresnel lens means configurated as a cover for each of the solar collectors and a mirror means inside each solar collector to reflect solar energy coaxially toward said solar energy absorber means. 9. The solar collector apparatus defined in claim 8 wherein the first mounting means further comprises rotating means for rotating the solar collectors in the framework. 10. The solar collector apparatus defined in claim 9 wherein the rotating means comprises gear means comprising a gear on each solar collector and also comprising a rotatable shaft with a plurality of worm gears on the shaft, the worm gears engaging the gear on each solar collector so that rotation of the shaft imparts rotation to the solar collectors. 11. A solar collector comprising: a shell structure, the shell structure having an open top; a transparent cover for the open top of the shell structure, the transparent cover comprising Fresnel lens means for focusing solar flux; first mounting means for the shell structure for rotating the shell structure about an axis to orient the open top of the shell structure toward the sun; solar energy absorber means inside the shell structure comprising a holorum, the holorum means including a flat plate solar energy collector formed as an annulus about the periphery of the opening to the holorum; second mounting means for supporting the solar energy absorber means coaxially inside the shell structure in a nonrotatable position relative to the sun to thereby accomodate rotational movement of the shell structure about the solar energy absorber means; and reflecting means in the shell structure for reflecting focused solar flux coaxially toward the solar energy absorber means. 12. The solar collector defined in claim 11 wherein the first mounting means comprises a framework with the shell structure rotatably mounted to the framework. 13. The solar collector defined in claim 12 wherein the framework further comprises means for orienting the framework in an orientation generally parallel to the axis of rotation of the earth with the Fresnel lenses normal to the sun. 14. The solar collector defined in claim 12 wherein the first mounting means further comprises a base for supporting the framework, the base being oriented in a north-south direction to accommodate orienting the top of the shell structure toward the sun. 15. The solar collector defined in claim 11 wherein the reflecting means includes photovoltaic means for converting at least a portion of the solar spectrum to electrical energy. 16. The solar collector defined in claim 11 wherein the solar energy absorber means includes conduit means for conducting a fluid heat transfer medium to and from the solar energy absorber means, the conduit means passing through the second mounting means thereby avoiding rotation of the conduit means when the shell structure is rotated upon the first mounting means. 17. The solar collector defined in claim 11 wherein the second mounting means comprises a first hollow shaft on at least one end of the shell structure, the hollow shaft serving as a passageway for said conduit means in rotatable relation to the shell structure and nonrotatable relation to said framework. 18. A solar collector comprising: a shell structure, the shell structure having an open top; a transparent cover for the open top of the shell structure, the transparent cover comprising Fresnel lens means for focusing solar flux; first mounting means for the shell structure for rotating the shell structure about an axis to orient the open top of the shell structure toward the sun; solar energy absorber means inside the shell structure; second mounting means for supporting the solar energy absorber means coaxially inside the shell structure in a nonrotatable position relative to the sun to thereby accomodate rotational movement of the shell structure about the solar energy absorber means, the second mounting means comprising a first hollow shaft and a second shaft, the shell structure being rotatably mounted on the first hollow shaft and the second shaft, the second mounting means further comprising a bridge structure extending between and substantially aligned with the first hollow shaft and the second shaft, the bridge structure supporting the solar energy absorber means; and reflecting means in the shell structure for reflecting focused solar flux coaxially toward the solar energy absorber means. 19. The solar collector apparatus defined in claim 18 wherein the first mounting means further comprises rotating means for rotating the solar collectors in the framework. 20. The solar collector apparatus defined in claim 19 wherein the rotating means comprises gear means comprising a gear on each solar collector and also comprising a rotatable shaft with a plurality of worm gears on the shaft, each of the worm gears selectively engaging the gear on each solar collector so that rotation of the shaft imparts rotation to the solar collectors. 