A method of sealingly connecting a thermoplastic solar panel structure comprising a multiplicity of elongated thin wall sections defining a multiplicity of parallel passages extending longitudinally between the ends of said panel structure to a thermoplastic manifold tube comprising the steps of mounting an elongated mandrel having a multiplicity of transversely projecting elements corresponding in number and spacing to the panel passages to be communicated with the interior of the manifold tube, positioning a side wall portion of the manifold tube in predetermined spaced relation with the open end of the panel structure so that the projecting elements of the mandrel are generally longitudinally aligned with the open ends of a corresponding member of the passages in the panel structure, heating the spaced panel structure end and the manifold tube side wall portion to soften the thermoplastic material thereof, moving the mandrel within the manifold tube so as to position the projecting elements through the side wall portion thereof and into the open ends of said corresponding panel structure passages and the manifold tube toward the panel structure end so as to cause the manifold tube side wall portion to apply a pressure to the panel structure end sufficient to deform the thermoplastic material thereof and effect a fusing of the same into a unitary mass, and withdrawing the mandrel in the direction of extent of the projecting elements to a position within the interior of the manifold tube and then longitudinally out of the manifold tube and apparatus for carrying out the method.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of sealingly connecting a thermoplastic solar panel structure comprising a multiplicity of elongated thin wall sections defining a multiplicity of parallel passages extending longitudinally between the ends of said panel structure to a thermoplastic manifold tube, said method comprising the steps of mounting an elongated mandrel having a multiplicity of transversely projecting elements corresponding in number and spacing to the panel passages which are to be communicated with the interior of the manifold tube longitudinally within said manifold tube, positioning a side wall portion of said manifold tube in predetermined spaced relation with an open end of said panel structure so that the projecting elements of the mandrel are generally longitudinally aligned with the associated open ends of the passages in the panel structure to be communicated, heating the spaced panel structure end and said manifold tube side wall portion to soften the thermoplastic material thereof, moving said mandrel within said manifold tube so as to position said projecting elements through said manifold tube side wall portion and into the open ends of said corresponding panel structure passages and said manifold tube toward said panel structure end so as to cause said manifold tube side wall portion to apply a pressure to said panel structure end sufficient to deform the thermoplastic material thereof and effect a fusing of the same into a unitary mass, and withdrawing said mandrel in the direction of extent of said projecting elements to a position within the interior of said manifold tube and then longitudinally out of the manifold tube. 2. A method as defined in claim 1 wherein said mandrel includes a central longitudinal passage and each of said projecting elements has a hole extending therethrough from the projecting free end thereof into communication with said central passage and wherein a treating fluid is passed from said central passage through each of said holes into an associated panel structure passage during the fusing of said thermoplastic material so as to cool and harden the same. 3. A method as defined in claim 2 wherein the aforesaid steps are performed substantially simultaneously with respect to said corresponding passages at each end of said panel structure with two mandrels and two manifold tubes, the treating fluid flowing through said corresponding passages from one mandrel to the other for a time period sufficient to effect the desired treatment. 4. A method as defined in claim 2 or 3 wherein said treating fluid is a heat treating fluid. 5. A method as defined in claim 2 or 3 wherein said treating fluid is a chemical treating fluid. 6. A method as defined in claim 2 wherein a cooling fluid is passed from said central passage through each of said holes into an associated panel structure passage immediately following the passage of said treating fluid therethrough and following the fusing of said thermoplastic material so as to cool and harden the same. 7. A method as defined in claim 3 wherein cooling fluid is passed from the central passage through each of the holes of each mandrel into the corresponding passages following the flowing of said treating fluid so as to be trapped therein under pressure for a time period sufficient to determine the absence of leakage therefrom. 8. A method as defined in claim 1 wherein said mandrel includes a central longitudinal passage and each of said projecting elements has a hole extending therethrough from the projecting free end thereof into communication with said central passage and wherein a cooling fluid is passed from said central passage through each of said holes into an associated panel structure passage immediately following the fusing of said thermoplastic material so as to cool and harden the same. 9. A method as defined in claim 8 wherein the aforesaid steps are performed substantially simultaneously with respect to said corresponding passages at each end of said panel structure with two manifold tubes, the cooling fluid flowing into said corresponding passages being trapped under pressure therein for a time period sufficient to determine the absence of leakage therefrom. 10. A method as defined in claim 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 8 or 9 wherein said mandrel is vibrated during the fusing of said thermoplastic material so as to stress relieve the same. 11. A method as defined in claim 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 8 or 9 wherein said heating is accomplished by extruding a strip of hot thermoplastic material between the spaced panel structure end and the manifold side wall portion, said projecting elements extending through said strip during the movement therein into said corresponding passages, the thermoplastic material of said strip forming a part of the aforesaid unitary mass during the manifold tube moving step. 12. A method as defined in claim 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 8 or 9 wherein said heating is accomplished by positioning a heating element between said panel structure end and said manifold tube side wall portion. 