A solar collector mounting system includes a vertically extending pedestal for supporting a solar collector at a predetermined minimum height above ground level to provide an unobstructed utilization of the space immediately surrounding the pedestal. The pedestal includes a pivoting bracket at the upper end for supporting an array of panels for orientation into the sun, and is formed of a hollow structure to define a liquid storage reservoir for storing a heated liquid.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar collector system, said system comprising in combination: a vertically extending supporting column formed by a tubular member defining a liquid storage reservoir having an upper end, and a lower end for anchoring to a support surface and a height of at least 8 feet, a mounting bracket on the upper end of said column for mounting a solar collector for at least limited adjustment in orientation toward the sun; said column having a length in relation to a solar collector mounted thereon for positioning the lowermost portion of the solar collector at a predetermined minimum height to provide unobstructed utilization of the immediate area surrounding the column; a flat plate liquid circulating collector mounted on said column, and circulating means for circulating a liquid from said reservoir through said collector. 2. The mounting pedestal of claim 1, comprising the combination of: an array of discrete liquid circulating flat plate solar collector panels mounted on said pedestal; and circulating means for circulating a liquid through said panels. 3. The combination of claim 2, including a side reflector mounted on each side of said array for reflecting sun rays onto said collectors. 4. The combination of claim 3 wherein said panels within said array are mounted at angles to adjacent panels. 5. The combination of claim 1 wherein said circulating means includes a pump and means for drawing said liquid from the bottom of said reservoir and returning it to the top of said reservoir. 