The solar collector comprises a plurality of direction adjustable elongated parabolic reflectors arranged side by side. Along the focus of the reflectors are tubes for a heat collecting medium. The tubes are to be connected to heat exchangers or the like. Each reflector consists of reflector wall portions movably connected to each other and operable from an open parabolic reflector position to a non-reflector position entirely enclosing the tubes, and forming a relatively flat structure resembling a venetian blind slat.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar collector combined within a window and including a plurality of elongated thinwalled reflectors arranged side by side and adjustable in direction and each designed to reflect incident radiation towards an associated longitudinal focus along which conveying means for a liquid heat transferring medium extends, said conveying means being arranged to be connected to a heat collecting device, the walls of each of the reflectors being foldable to surround the associated conveying means, said conveying means for said respective reflectors comprising tubes arranged mutually parallel and extending between opposite sides of the window and being connected in series with a common outlet and a common inlet, said common outlet and common inlet being positioned at a central pivot axis of the window for connection by means of rotatable couplings to connecting tubes for similar adjacent window frames. 2. A solar collector as claimed in claim 1 wherein the walls of each reflector consist of two wall portions which are pivotally interconnected along an elongated pivot means for movement between an unfolded reflector condition and a folded condition, said wall portions defining an essentially winglike shape within which said conveying means are enclosed when said wall portions are in the folded condition. 3. A solar collector as claimed in claim 2 wherein said two wall portions of each reflector are interconnected at said pivot means by a position-determining interconnecting means operable to cause said wall portions to perform a simultaneous and similar movement at said pivot means to move simultaneously into the folded or unfolded positions. 4. A solar collector as claimed in claim 3 wherein said interconnecting means between said reflector wall portions comprises intermeshed gear teeth at the pivots of the respective wall portions. 5. A solar collector as claimed in claim 1 wherein means is provided for mounting each of said reflectors upon the associated conveying means and said mounting means includes means to provide for rotation of each reflector about said conveying means as a turning axis in order to adjust the directional setting of each reflector. 6. A solar collector as claimed in claim 5 wherein said mounting means further comprises said pivot means which comprises a body portion, and interconnecting pins connecting said body portion of said pivot means to said conveying means. 7. A solar collector as claimed in any one of the preceding claims 1-6 wherein said solar collector comprises a venetian blind structure wherein the foldable walls of said reflectors form the venetian blind slats and in which the folded condition of said reflectors provides the light transmitting condition of the venetian blind, the unfolded position of the reflector walls providing the light obstructing condition of the venetian blind. 8. A solar collector as claimed in any one of the preceding claims 1-6 wherein at least part of the outer surfaces of the reflector walls which remain exposed when the walls are in the folded condition are radiation absorbing. 9. A solar collector including a plurality of elongated thin-walled reflectors arranged side by side and adjustable in direction and each designed to reflect incident radiation towards an associated longitudinal focus along which conveying means for a liquid heat transferring medium extends, said conveying means being arranged to be connected to a heat collecting device, the walls of each of the reflectors being foldable to surround the associated conveying means, the walls of each reflector consisting of two wall portions which are pivotally interconnected along an elongated pivot means for movement between an unfolded reflector condition and a folded condition, said wall portions defining an essentially winglike shape within which said conveying means are enclosed when said wall portions are in the folded condition, said solar collector comprising a venetian blind structure wherein the foldable walls of said reflectors form the venetian blind slats and in which the folded condition of said reflectors provides the light transmitting condition of the venetian blind, the unfolded position of the reflector walls providing the light obstructing condition of the venetian blind. 10. A solar collector as claimed in claim 9 wherein said two wall portions of each reflector are interconnected at said pivot means by a position-determining interconnecting means operable to cause said wall portions to perform a simultaneous and similar movement at said pivot means to move simultaneously into the folded or unfolded positions. 11. A solar collector as claimed in claim 10 wherein said interconnecting means between said reflector wall portions comprises intermeshed gear teeth at the pivots of the respective wall portions. 12. A solar collector including a plurality of elongated thin-walled reflectors arranged side by side and adjustable in direction and each designed to reflect incident radiation towards an associated longitudinal focus along which conveying means for a liquid heat transferring medium extends, said conveying means being arranged to be connected to a heat collecting device, the walls of each of the reflectors being foldable to surround the associated conveying means, said solar collector comprising a venetian blind structure wherein the foldable walls of said reflectors form the venetian blind slats and in which the folded condition of said reflectors provides the light transmitting condition of the venetian blind, the unfolded position of the reflector walls providing the light obstructing condition of the venetian blind, and wherein means is provided for mounting each of said reflectors upon the associated conveying means and said mounting means includes means to provide for rotation of each reflector about said conveying means as a turning axis in order to adjust the directional setting of each reflector. 13. A solar collector as claimed in claim 12 wherein said mounting means further comprises said pivot means which comprises a body portion, and interconnecting pins connecting said body portion of said pivot means to said conveying means. 