In solar energy collecting apparatus the problems of leakage due to differential thermal expansion and contraction between different parts of the collector, duplication of parts, fixed factory costs, and the unnecessary use of expensive materials are solved by using collector members made using on-site roll-forming machines, the assembly of parts at the job site, and collector members that connect side by side, each having a sheet metal collector plate (11) as the principal part of a weather membrane above underlying support structure. A unique cover (13) and method of forming the cover enable use of relatively inexpensive film that is supported on side supports held to a pair of opposed sidewall portions (18 and 19) of a collector panel (31) so as to accommodate ready replacement of covers for individual collector members and ready attachment by joiner strips in an assembly of the collector members connected side by side. A pair of opposed sidewall portions (23 and 24) of a bottom panel are longitudinally slidable in opposed attachment members (78) rigidly secured to the underlying support structure (71 and 72 ) and have a bottom wall (15) connected to the ends of the lower passage to form an air passage to transfer heat from the collector plate. The collector plate (11) is suspended from the support structure to allow for relative expansion and contraction of the collector plate and associated collector member structure due to temperature changes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In solar energy collecting apparatus on a support structure, the combination comprising: a plurality of solar collector members connected side by side, each solar collector member having: a collector panel including an intermediate portion providing a solar collector plate with an absorber surface and a pair of opposed sidewall portions projecting up from the opposite side edges of said intermediate portion; a solar energy transmission cover coupled to support said sidewall portions above said intermediate portion to provide an air space between said cover and said solar collector plate; a bottom panel including an intermediate portion extending under said collector plate and a pair of opposed sidewall portions projecting up from the opposite side edges of said bottom panel intermediate portion, said bottom panel sidewall portions being fastened to said collector panel to form an airflow passage below said collector plate, said collector panel, cover, and bottom panel of each collector member being a complete solar energy collecting entity independent of the collector panels, covers, and bottom panels of adjacent collector members, the upper side edge portions of one collector panel being joined to the upper side edge portions of adjacent collector panels of adjacent collector members to form an imperforate weather membrane to protect the support structure from the weather in the absence of a complete cover for said one collector panel; and mounting means between each collector member and support structure for holding said solar collector members against vertical and lateral movement relative to said support structure while leaving said collector members free for longitudinal movement relative to said support structure to permit said collector members to thermally expand and contract along their length due to temperature changes. 2. In apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein each of said collector panels and bottom panels is a generally channel-shaped one-piece body made of sheet metal that is continuous from end to end. 3. In apparatus as set forth in claim 2 wherein the opposed sidewall portions of said bottom panel are of greater depth than the sidewall portions of said collector panel and said collector panel nests in said bottom panel to form a generally box-like double channel structure. 4. In apparatus as set forth in claim 3 wherein the adjacent sidewall portions of each collector panel and bottom panel have top flanges that interfit with one another. 5. In apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said intermediate wall providing said collector plate has transverse corrugations extending alternately above and below the plane of the flat sheet from which said top panel is formed and said bottom panel has laterally spaced, longitudinally extending ribs in the intermediate wall thereof. 6. In apparatus as set forth in claim 1 including end closures closing the opposite ends of said collector panel to close off the air space between said cover and said solar collector plate. 7. In apparatus as set forth in claim 1 including a duct connector at the ends of said bottom panel in flow communication with said airflow passage. 8. In apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said absorber surface is provided by a preapplied selective absorber coating. 9. In apparatus as set forth in claim 1 including a side connecting member removably attaching each cover to the top of the associated sidewall portion of the associated collector panel. 10. In apparatus as set forth in claim 9 wherein said side connecting member is a unitary body of thermal insulating material to thermally insulate said collector panel from the cover and the collector panel sidewall portions from ambient air externally of said cover. 11. In apparatus as set forth in claim 9 wherein said side connecting members have a generally channel-shaped cross section with the open portion of said channel facing in a laterally outward direction. 12. In apparatus as set forth in claim 11 wherein each side connecting member has a hook portion extending out and down and back in from an upper leg of said channel shape adapted to hook into the open portion of a channelshaped flange at the top of the collector member. 13. In apparatus as set forth in claim 12 wherein said side connecting members are made of sheet metal. 14. In apparatus as set forth in claim 13 wherein adjacent of said side connecting members on two adjacent panels provide planar surface spanned by a common joiner strip to connect two of said collector members side by side. 15. In apparatus as set forth in claim 14 including gasket means between said joiner strip and said adjacent side connecting members and removable fasteners extending through said joiner strip gasket means and into said side support member to form a weathertight seal. 16. In apparatus as set forth in claim 9 wherein each side connecting member has a lateral slot in an outer side arranged to slidably insert over an inturned top flange extending in from the top of the collector panel sidewall portion to removably secure said connecting member to said collector panel sidewall portion, and upper and lower lateral slots in an inside surface arranged to slidably receive the side edge portions of said cover sheets whereby said cover is removably connected to said collector member. 17. In apparatus as set forth in claim 16 wherein each of said side connecting members includes a first joint portion adapted to releasably interconnect with a second joint portion by means of a common joiner strip to join two of said collector members side by side and close the joint from the environment. 18. In apparatus as set forth in claim 17 wherein said first and second joint portions are ball and socket type structures and of a resilient material to snap-fit into one another. 19. In apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said cover is comprised of upper and lower cover sheets, each of a solar transmissive material, spaced from one another by a pair of parallel spaced side connecting thermal members extending along the opposite side edges of the cover sheets to space said sheets apart and above and below a dead air space, said upper cover sheet having physical characteristics that will not degrade under temperatures produced by solar energy falling on said collector plate. 20. In apparatus as set forth in claim 19 wherein said upper cover sheet is a Tedlar film having a thickness of about four mils. 21. In apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said lower cover sheet is a Teflon film having a thickness of about one mil. 22. In apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said bottom panel is above the plane of the support structure. 23. In apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said mounting means includes: a pair of oppositely disposed attaching members below and along the opposite side edges of an associated collector member secured to the support structure and arranged for holding said collector member against vertical and lateral movement relative to said support structure; and connector means for suspending an associated collector member from said support structure leaving the rest of said collector member free to move longitudinally relative to said support structure to thermally expand and contract along its length due to temperature changes. 24. In apparatus as set forth in claim 23 wherein said mounting means includes: a plurality of said attachment members arranged below and at parallel spaced intervals along the opposite side edges of said collector member, each of said attachment members having a laterally projecting male flange and being affixed at a base portion to said support structure; and a pair of opposed, back to back, side channels formed in the lower sidewalls of said collector member nested over the sides of and slidably movable along the male flanges of said attachment members. 25. In apparatus as set forth in claim 23 wherein said attachment member includes a generally T-shaped body. 26. In apparatus as set forth in claim 23 including purlins extending across the support structure and arranged in a plurality of rows between the top and bottom of the support structure, said purlins being affixed to the support structure, each of said purlins having a slot through which a fastener extends to fasten each attachment member to said purlin after said purlin is affixed at a selected location to said support structure. 27. In apparatus as set forth in claim 26 wherein said purlin has an inverted generally channel shape with an intermediate wall portin in which said slots are formed, a pair of angularly inclined sidewall portions and a double thickness lateral flange at each end parallel to said intermediate portion to support said intermediate portion above the support structure. 28. In apparatus as set forth in claim 26 wherein said purlins have slots located selected distances apart to position the collector members on the support structure. 29. In solar energy collecting apparatus mounted on a support structure, the combination comprising: an assembly of a plurality of similar solar collector members connected side by side, each collector member having: a top collector panel with an intermediate portion providing a solar collector plate having a solar energy absorber surface for collecting solar energy, a pair of opposed sidewall portions projecting up from opposite side edges of said intermediate portion, and an inturned top flange portion at the top of each of said upper sidewall portions; a solar energy transmissive core disposed above and in spaced relation to the absorber surface with a dead air space between said absorber surface and cover, the opposite side edges being detachably connected at associated inturned flange portions by means of a thermally insulating connecting member, and end closures at the ends of the dead air space of each collector member; a bottom panel nested in each collector panel, said bottom panel having opposed sidewall portions with inturned top flange portions receiving adjacent top flange portions of said top collector panel connected along upper side edges to the upper side edges of the collector panel sidewall portions to define an airflow passage below each collector plate, and duct members at the ends of said airflow passage, said bottom panel being disposed above said support structure; a thermally insulating joiner strip extending over the top of the associated thermally insulating connecting members of adjacent collector members joining adjacent collector members, said joiner strip, connecting members, and adjacent top collector panels forming an imperforate weather membrane to protect the support structure from the weather in the absence of a complete cover; a pair of laterally spaced attaching members affixed to and upstanding from the support structure, each of said attaching members having a pair of inturned male flange projections leaving overhanging surface portions, said sidewall portions of each collector panel having back to back, outwardly facing channels slidably mating with an associated of said male flange portions on said attaching members holding said collector panels against relative vertical and lateral movement while allowing said collector panels to be free to slide longitudinally, each collector panel having an extension at one end that is suspended from the support structure leaving said collector members longitudinally free to expand and contract due to temperature changes; and purlins extending across and in a plurality of vertically spaced rows secured to the support structure to which the attaching members are secured. 30. In apparatus as set forth in claim 29 wherein said support structure is the roof structure of a building including a top ridge, horizontally extending upper and lower roof beams, and a plurality of pairs of parallel-spaced upstanding rafters, said collector panel extension extending over the back side of said top ridge, each said collector panel having a hooked end extension opposite said one end that hooks into a complementary hooked end portion on a flashing strip adjacent the lower end of the building. 