A focus improver for a concave reflector having a circular cross section. It has an array of plane mirrors diametrically across the mouth of the reflector. The angle of tilt of the mirrors is relative to parallel rays incident upon the reflector, and each mirror has an angle of tilt such that a central parallel ray reflected therefrom will focus at a common location. An application of the focus improver provides a solar energy collector that employs a cylindrical reflector which may be oriented in an east-west direction. The mirrors are thin strips that are coextensive in length with the cylindrical reflector. And, a solar energy utilization device may be located along the focal line that is created.
Claims We claim: 1. Solar heat collector, comprising a concave cylindrical reflecting surface, a plurality of narrow flat reflecting strips oriented with the longitudinal dimensions thereof parallel to the geometric axis of said cylindrical surface, and means for setting said strips at predetermined angles to correct for cylindrical aberration in focusing of parallel rays directed toward said concave reflecting surface. 2. A solar heat collector according to claim 1 wherein said strips are located with the longitudinal axes spaced diametrically across relative to said cylindrical surface. 3. A solar heat collector according to claim 2, also comprising a conduit for carrying a fluid to be heated therein, and said conduit being located parallel to the geometric axis of said cylindrical surface and at the focal line of said parallel rays. 4. Solar hear collector according to claim 3, wherein said strips have reflecting surfaces on both sides thereof. 5. Solar heat collector, comprising a concave cylindrical reflecting surface, a plurality of narrow flat reflecting strips having reflecting surfaces on both sides thereof and being oriented with the longitudinal dimensions thereof parallel to the geometric axis of said cylindrical surface. means for locating said strips with the longitudinal axes spaced diametrically across relative to said cylindrical surface, means for setting said strips at predetermined angles to correct for cylindrical aberration in focusing of parallel rays directed toward said concave reflecting surface, and a conduit located parallel to the geometric axis of said cylindrical surface and at the focal line of said parallel rays, said conduit being adapted for carrying a fluid to be heated therein. 6. In combination with a cylindrical reflector having a circular cross section, focus-improving means for incident parallel rays, comprising an array of plane mirrors diametrically situated relative to said cylindrical reflector, each of said mirrors being thin and reflecting from both faces thereof, each of said mirrors extending longitudinally parallel to the axis of said cylindrical reflector, and each of said mirrors having an angle of tilt relative to said parallel rays such that a central line of rays incident upon the longitudinal axis of each mirror will focus along a common line parallel to the axis of said cylindrical reflector. 7. Solar energy collector, comprising in combination an elongated cylindrical reflector adapted for east-west orientation and having a longitudinal plane of symmetry, a plurality of thin strip reflectors mounted with the axes thereof parallel to said east-west orientation and lying along a diametrical plane relative to said cylindrical reflector, said strip reflectors having the planes thereof oriented at angles relative to said plane of symmetry for correcting the cylindrical aberration of said cylindrical reflector. 8. Solar energy collector according to claim 7, wherein said strip reflectors have reflecting surfaces on both sides thereof. 9. Solar energy collector according to claim 8, also comprising solar energy utilization means located at a focal center of said cylindrical reflector after said correction. 10. Solar energy collector according to claim 9, comprising a plurality of said collectors, and means for joining the individual utilization means of said plurality of collectors together. 11. Solar energy collector according to claim 9, also comprising means for moving said strip reflectors in order to accomodate the seasonal variations in angle of elevation of the sun. 12. Solar energy collector according to claim 11, wherein said strip reflectors moving means comprises a pivotal support for said strip reflectors and said utilization means. 13. Solar energy collector according to claim 11, wherein said strip reflectors moving means comprises means for rotating said strip reflectors about the axes thereof. 14. Solar energy collector according to claim 13, wherein said strip reflectors rotating means comprises gear means concentric with said axes and worm means for rotating said gear means simultaneously. 15. Solar energy collector, comprising in combination an elongated cylindrical reflector adapted for east-west orientation and having a longitudinal plane of symmetry, a plurality of thin strip reflectors having reflecting surfaces on both sides thereof and mounted with the longitudinal axes thereof parallel to said east-west orientation, said longitudinal axes lying in a diametrical plane relative to said cylindrical reflector, said strip reflectors having the planes thereof oriented at angles relative to said plane of symmetry for correcting cylindrical aberration of said cylindrical reflector to focus said solar energy along a line on said plane of symmetry, and means for moving said strip reflectors in order to accommodate the seasonal variations in angle of elevation of the sun, said moving means, comprising gear means concentric with said thin strip longitudinal axes, and worm means for rotating said gear means simultaneously through equal angles in order to vary said orientation angles in carrying out said seasonal accommodation. 16. Solar energy collector, comprising in combination a cylindrical reflector mounted on the earth's surface with an east-west orientation, an array of thin strip reflectors arranged diametrically across said cylindrical reflector for correcting cylindrical aberration, means for pivotally mounting said array about the axis of said cylindrical reflector to permit rotation thereof to maintain said diametrical arrangement transversely relative to the sun's rays with seasonal variation in the angle of elevation of the sun, and solar energy utilization means mounted on said pivotal means for maintaining it at a focal center of said cylindrical reflector after correction for aberration by said array. 