A communications link between land vehicles and a stationary vehicle service installation is formed by a modulated optical link between transmitters mounted on the vehicles and receivers at the installation, the radiation and reception patterns of said transmitters and receivers being restricted so that communication is only possible between a particular receiver and the transmitter on a vehicle when that vehicle is within a restricted range of locations. To prevent interference between different receiver/transmitter pairs, the receivers are mounted at a different level from the transmitters, and the transmitters and receivers have asymmetric fields of radiation and reception.
Claims What I claim is: 1. A communication link between a land vehicle and a stationary vehicle service installation in respect of which vehicles are required to assume a restricted range of locations, said link including an optical transmitter mounted on the vehicle at approximately a first height above grade and comprising a modulatable source of submillimetric electromagnetic radiation and means restricting radiation from said source to a comparatively narrow angle in a first dimension and a comparatively wide angle in a second dimension, an optical receiver mounted in a fixed position relative to said stationary installation at a second substantially different height above grade and comprising a sensor responsive to radiation from said source and means concentrating on said sensor radiation from said source received in a comparatively narrow angle in said first dimension and a comparatively wide angle in said second dimension, said receiver being directed so that its field of view includes all possible locations of the transmitter on the vehicle when located anywhere in said range of locations, and said transmitter being oppositely directed relative to the vehicle whereby to establish an optical path between said source and said sensor when the vehicle is anywhere in said range of locations. 2. A link according to claim 1, wherein the transmitter comprises at least one emitter of infra-red radiation and the means to restrict the angles of radiation in first and second dimensions comprises an optical system cooperating with said at least one emitter to concentrate the radiation within said angles. 3. A link according to claim 2, wherein each emitter is an infra-red light emitting diode. 4. A link according to claim 2, wherein the receiver comprises an optical system of large effective aperture, an optical filter restricting reception substantially to wavelengths emitted by said at least one emitter, and an infra-red sensor of large effective area. 5. A link according to claim 4, wherein the sensor comprises at least one silicon solar cell. 6. A link according to claim 1, wherein the vehicle is a tank vehicle, and further including a tank overfill monitor on the vehicle, said overfill monitor being operative on detecting an overfill condition to disable said transmitter. 7. A link according to claim 6, including means associated with the vehicle electrical system to prevent enabling of the transmitter unless the vehicle ignition is turned off. 8. A link according to claim 1, including means to modulate said transmitter with a continuous wave carrier frequency, and means for modulating said carrier frequency to permit transmission of additional data. 9. A link according to claim 8, wherein said carrier frequency is modulated by frequency shift keying. 10. A link according to claim 1, wherein the elevation of the transmitter is less than the elevation of the receiver. 11. A link according to claim 10, wherein the receiver is to one side of said restricted range of locations. 12. A modulated optical link between a group of vehicles and a service installation in respect of which land vehicles are required to assume one of a number of spaced restricted ranges of locations, including a modulated optical transmitter mounted on each vehicle at approximately a first height above grade and an optical receiver associated with each of said ranges of locations at a second greater height above grade, each receiver having a downwardly directed field of view restricted substantially to a range of possible positions of a transmitter on a vehicle anywhere in the range of locations associated with said receiver, and each transmitter having a restricted upwardly directed radiation pattern not substantially broader than required to complete an optical link between said transmitter and said receiver with said vehicle anywhere in the range of locations associated with said receiver, said transmitters all transmitting in a common optical waveband and at a common modulation frequency, and said receivers being responsive only to radiation in said waveband and at said modulating frequency. 13. A link according to claim 12, wherein each vehicle includes means to sense a condition on said vehicle, and means to disable the associated transmitter upon sensing of said condition. 14. A link according to claim 13, wherein said condition sensing means senses overfilling of any of one or more liquid containing tanks on the vehicle. 