Method and apparatus for improving convective heat transfer by mechanically stirring fluid over the outer surface of a heat exchanger. A stirring mechanism is described which revolves rapidly around a heat exchanger surface in a stream undergoing heat transfer. During rotation, the stirring mechanism is supported near an end of the stirred heat exchanger by a central bearing and drive means. It is also supported over an extended length of the stirred heat exchanger surface by the hydrodynamic action of the stirring mechanism relative to the heat exchange surface without need for an additional central support bearing. The stirring mechanism uniformly turbulates the fluid film over the outer surface of the heat exchanger where heat transfer resistance normally occurs without imposing a pressure drop in the fluid stream undergoing augmented heat transfer. Compact and inexpensive heat exchangers are described which may be used in refrigeration, heating-cooling, and energy conservation systems. They offer special advantages where the temperature differential available for convective heat transfer is low and where it is necessary to recover sensible and latent heat energy from combustion products or dirty gaseous streams. Economizer units are described which may retrofit existing heating systems and recover most of the sensible and latent heat energy which these systems now waste in flue products. Special draft control features of these units also allow the adapted heating systems to operate with nearly identical steady-state and seasonal efficiencies.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A process for improving convective heat exchange between a generally cylindrical exchanger and surrounding fluid the steps of a. mounting a pervious cylindrical stirring mechanism with a single end support baffle and central rotary drive means for rotation in the fluid boundary layer surrounding said generally cylindrical exchanger, b. rotating said pervious stirring mechanism with external power delivered through said central rotary device means and single support baffle, c. generating hydrodynamic bearing support for a portion of said pervious cylindrical stirring mechanism relative to said generally cylindrical exchanger through rotation in said fluid boundary layer, d. maintaining a rotary stirring velocity in said fluid boundary layer, whereby instability generated within said fluid boundary layer assures improved convective heat exchange with said generally cylindrical exchanger and convective vorticity exchange with surrounding fluid in accordance with Taylor Vorticity Transport Principle. 2. A process for improving convective heat exchange between a generally cylindrical exchanger and surrounding fluid as is claimed in claim 1, in which rotation of said pervious cylindrical stirring mechanism with external power also rotates a fluid pumping element integral with said single end support baffle with continuous pumping of fluid for heat exchange through an annular flow area surrounding said rotating pervious cylindrical stirring mechanism. 3. A process for improving convective heat exchange between a surrounding fluid and a generally cylindrical exchanger as claimed in claim 2 in which an end of said generally cylindrical exchanger provides a central bearing support means for the rotation of said pervious cylindrical stirring mechanism. 4. A process for improving convective heat exchange between a generally cylindrical exchanger and surrounding fluid as claimed in claim 3 in which said generally cylindrical exchanger generates an internal volume providing heat exchange at its inner generally cylindrical surface with a second fluid stream which is continuously delivered through said internal volume with external mechanical pumping means for said second fluid stream. 5. A process for improving convective heat exchange between a generally cylindrical exchanger and surrounding fluid as claimed in claim 4 in which maintaining a rotary stirring velocity in said fluid boundary layer centrifuges outwardly away from said generally cylindrical exchanger dirt and condensing portions of fluid undergoing heat transfer in gaseous streams. 6. A process for controlling the temperature differential and improving the convective heat exchange between a surrounding gaseous stream and cylindrical heat exchanger the steps of a. mounting a cylindrical heat exchanger vertically with a closed annular internal volume for process fluid undergoing heat exchange, b. rotating a pumping element at the upper end of said cylindrical heat exchanger by a drive shaft extending downwardly through the axis of said closed annular volume to a rotary external power means, c. stirring fluid in the boundary layer surrounding said cylindrical heat exchanger with a cylindrical stirring mechanism attached at its upper end to said central drive shaft through a single end support baffle and said rotary pumping element, d. injecting water at a controllable rate into said pumping element, e. pumping hot gases and water mixture into an annular flow volume surrounding said cylindrical stirring mechanism, f. mixing the injected and centrifugally atomized water with hot gases to obtain an initial mixture temperature level for proper temperature differential with process fluids undergoing heat exchange, g. stirring the boundary layer fluid surrounding said cylindrical heat exchanger so that a portion of said cylindrical stirring mechanism is hydrodynamically supported relative to said cylindrical heat exchanger, h. exchanging sensible and latent heat energy from the gaseous mixture with said cylindrical heat exchanger and maintaining an unstable fluid boundary layer through mechanical stirring near said cylindrical heat exchanger with removal of dirt and condensate outwardly from the stirred cylindrical heat exchanger surface, i. removal of uncondensed gases from the said annular flow volume after they have undergone useful heat exchange along with condensate and dirt derived from the gaseous stream. 7. A process for controlling the temperature differential and improving the convective heat exchanger between a surrounding gaseous stream and a cylindrical heat exchanger as claimed in claim 6 in which the hot gases pumping into the stirred heat exchanger are derived from a burner module having induced combustion air flow with vigorous internal mixing and volumetric combustion by virtue of the pumping capacity and and flow stability of said heat exchange process. 8. A process for improving the performance of a cylindrical heat pipe and exchanging heat between two streams through use of the heat pipe, the steps of a. mounting a first pervious cylindrical stirring mechanism with a single end support baffle and central rotary drive means for rotation in the fluid boundary layer surrounding a condensing portion of said cylindrical heat pipe, b. rotating said first pervious cylindrical stirring mechanism and attached fluid pumping element with external power delivered through said central rotary drive means and single end support baffle, c. pumping a first fluid stream continuously through an annular flow housing surrounding the said rotating pervious cylindrical stirring mechanism and surrounding said condensing portion of said cylindrical heat pipe, d. Mounting a second pervious cylindrical stirring mechanism with a single end support baffle and central rotary drive means for rotation in the fluid boundary layer surrounding the evaporative portion of said cylindrical heat pipe, e. Rotating said second cylindrical and pervious stirring mechanism and attached fluid pumping element with external power delivered through said central rotary drive means and single end support baffle, f. Pumping a second hot fluid stream continuously through an annular flow housing surrounding said second rotating pervious cylindrical stirring mechanism surrounding the evaporative portion of said cylindrical heat pipe, g. Removing the first stream and the second stream separately after they have undergone useful heat exchange through use of the heat pipe, whereby the high thermal conductance of the heat pipe is used to exchange heat between said first and second streams with convective heat transfer augmentation due to the mechanical stirring action of the system. 9. In a process for improving the performance of a cylindrical heat pipe and exchanging heat between two streams through the use of the heat pipe as claimed in claim 8, the step of mounting the said cylindrical heat pipe and said perforate cylindrical stirring mechanisms vertically with the condensing portion near the top end, whereby refluxing of the internal fluid is augmented during the heat exchange process. 10. An economizer apparatus for useful recovery of sensible and latent heat energy from dirty combustion products comprising a generally cylindrical heat exchanger section which generates a sealed internal annular volume and open tubular volume along the axis of the tubular section, a central bearing support near an end of said generally cylindrical heat exchanger section, a pervious cylindrical stirring mechanism having an open internal diameter larger than the external diameter of said generally cylindrical heat exchanger section and attachment with a single end support baffle, central rotary drive means attached to said end support baffle and mounted for rotation in said central bearing support, said central rotary drive means connected through an extended drive shaft through said open tubular volume along the axis of the heat exchanger section to a drive motor mounted at the lower end of said heat exchanger section, a radial blower element co-axially mounted for rotation and gas induction on the upper face of said single end support baffle, an outer cylindrical housing generating an annular flow area in combination with the central said generally cylindrical heat exchanger and stirring mechanism, upper baffle means sealing the upper end of said cylindrical housing and ducting dirty combustion products to said upper radial blower, lower baffle means for sealing lower end of said cylindrical housing with venting means for combustion products which have undergone useful heat exchange, an inlet port at the lower end of said heat exchanger section communicating with the lower end of said sealed annular heat exchanger volume, an outlet port at the lower end of said heat exchanger section communicating with the upper end of said sealed annular heat exchanger volume. 11. An economizer apparatus for useful recovery of sensible and latent heat energy from dirty combustion products as claimed in claim 10 where said extended drive shaft is resilient and the weight of the drive motor at the end of said resilient shaft is tethered in central position beneath said generally cylindrical heat exchanger section by three tension springs connected to a lower extension of said outer housing. 12. An economizer apparatus for useful recovery of sensible and latent heat energy from dirty combustion products as claimed in claim 10 in which said pervious cylindrical stirring mechanism comprises longitudinal arcuate sheet metal sections having extended flat sections at opposite ends, said extended flat sections equally distributed and attached for rotation at outer radius of said upper support baffle, the opposite ends of said extended flat sections equally distributed and attached to a lower flexible circumferential band, whereby said longitudinal arcuate sections provide hydrodynamic support relative to said generally cylindrical heat exchanger during rotation and said lower flexible circumferential band constrains the said longitudinal sections from outward centrifugal movement relative to said cylindrical heat exchanger. 13. An economizer apparatus for useful recovery of sensible and latent heat energy from dirty combustion products as claimed in claim 12 in which said lower flexible circumferential band comprises overlapped band sections, said overlapped band sections equally distributed about the circumference of the band, said overlapped sections are spaced radially apart and generate fluid inlet openings at the leading edge of said overlapped sections in the sense of said band rotation, the continuation of said overlapped sections generate arcuate outer surfaces in the portions which overlap, whereby rotation of said circumferential band with overlapped sections generate equally distributed hydrodynamic lift and stagnation loaded film support for stabilizing said stirring mechanism relative to said cylindrical heat exchanger. 14. An economizer apparatus for useful recovery of sensible and latent heat energy from dirty combustion products as claimed in claim 10 in which said generally cylindrical heat exchanger comprises surface corrugations distributed longitudinally and equally circumferentially about said generally cylindrical heat exchanger surface, whereby a resilient foil bearing rotated around said surface is subjected to a stable and equally distributed hydrodynamic loading during its rotation in a boundary layer fluid relative to said surface. 15. An economizer apparatus for useful recovery of sensible and latent heat energy from dirty combustion products as claimed in claim 10, wherein said pervious cylindrical stirring mechanism supports a cylindrical wire cloth sheath for rotation around said generally cylindrical heat exchanger section. 16. A process for using a conventional center flue-type water storage tank as a cost-effective heat exchanger for space heating or solar energy storage, the steps of a. mounting said center-flue storage tank in an inverted position relative to its normal operation, b. providing an external cylindrical housing around the tank with an annular flow area generated between the tank and said cylindrical housing, c. mounting an upper support baffle at the top of said storage tank on a central rotary drive shaft extending downwardly to a drive motor mounted at the lower end of said centerflue, d. attaching a pervious cylindrical stirring mechanism to said upper support baffle for rotation in the fluid boundary layer film surrounding the said storage tank, e. mounting an air blower centrally on the upper support baffle, f. projecting an extension of said central drive shaft upwardly to a pivot bearing at its upper end with central resilient mounting means for said pivot bearing, g. providing a centrifugally actuated air baffle which opens air porting to said air blower with rotation of said central drive shaft, h. rotating said central drive shaft to admit air into said blower and stabilize a portion of said cylindrical stirring mechanism relative said cylindrical storage tank, i. adjusting a single air damper to selectively induce and recirculate solar heated air for energy storage through convective exchange with said stirred storage tank or induce and recirculate air from quarters for heating through convective exchange with said storage tank, j. providing optional back-up energy sources with conventional hydronic external circuitry to said storage tank whereby energy losses from the storage tank through natural convection are avoided when the system is de-energized. 