A multispectrum light detection system for controlling exposure time of a photoresist coated substrate in a projection aligner-printer machine wherein the relatively narrow spectral responsivity characteristics of a selected photoresist is matched to the wider spectrum inherent in the output flux of a combined light source and optical system. A representative sample of the system's wide spectrum output flux is divided into three or more narrower spectral bands each of which is measured by its own detector that provides an electrical signal proportional to the radiant flux intensity within that band. The resultant electrical signals from the separate spectral bands are weighted and combined in a summing amplifier to form a composite exposure control signal. Means are provided to adjust the contribution of each electrical signal to the combined control signal in accordance with known spectral response characteristics of the photoresist.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for monitoring light from a light source comprising in combination, a plurality of light selector means, filter means associated with each of said light selector means for transmitting light of a preselected bandwidth from each of said selector means, detector means associated with each of said filter means for converting each of said preselected bandwidths of light to an electrical signal, summing means connected to said detector means providing an output signal which is a composite of each of said electrical signals from each detector means, a motor connected to the output of said summing means providing a mechanical output having a speed proportional to said composite signal. 2. A system according to claim 1 wherein each of said dectector means includes, first means for varying the output from each of said detector means. 3. A system according to claim 2 wherein each of said detector means includes, second means providing an output current proportional to the light intensity at said preselected bandwidth. 4. A system according to claim 3 wherein each of said detector means includes, third means connected to said second means for converting said current to a voltage. 5. A system according to claim 4 wherein said first means is connected to said third means. 6. A system according to claim 5 wherein each of said second means comprises, a photovoltaic mode silicon photodiode. 7. A system according to claim 6 wherein each of said third means comprises, an operational amplifier. 8. A system according to claim 7 wherein each of said first means comprises, a voltage divider having an input connected to the output of each of said operational amplifiers, each of said voltage dividers having a common output to said summing means. 9. A system according to claim 8 wherein said summing means comprises an operational amplifier. 10. A system according to claim 7 wherein said first means comprises a preset plug-in circuit board. 11. A system according to claim 10 wherein each of said light selector means comprises, a flexible light pipe each having one end adjacent said filter means and the other end disposed for receiving light friom the light source. 12. A system according to claim 11 wherein each of said flexible light pipes are comprised of, fused silica clad with silicon resin. 13. A system according to claim 12 further comprising, a light collector disposed between the light source and said other end of each of said light pipes. 14. A system according to claim 13 wherein each of said filter means comprise, a filter disposed between said one end of a respective light pipe and a respective one of said silicon photodiodes, each of said filters having a preselected light transmission band. 15. A system according to claim 14 further including, measuring means connected to the output of said voltage dividers for measuring the light intensity at one or more of said preselected bandwidths. 16. A system according to claim 1 further including, a carriage mounting an aligned mask and photoresist coated wafer, a light source projecting an illuminated area, said motor connected to said carriage for causing said carriage to scan just said illuminated area at a speed determined by the amplitude of said composite signal for projecting light through said mask onto said wafer. 