A roofing shingle assembly having solar capabilities comprising a flat main portion having upper and lower surfaces, and curved segments integral with the upper and lower edges of said shingle. The roofing shingles are mounted in overlapping parallel array with the curved segments interconnected to define a fluid conduit enclosure. Mounting brackets for the shingles are secured on the roof rafters.
Claims I claim: 1. An extruded metal roofing shingle for mounting in multiple shingle, edge overlapping, parallel array fashion on laterally spaced rafters of a building structure or the like, said shingle comprising: an elongated flat main portion, having upper and lower surfaces and laterally opposed upper and lower curved segments, said curved segments each defining half circular portions which, when interconnected with an adjacent shingle define fluid conduit enclosing means; fluid conduit means enclosed within said interconnected curved segments of adjacent shingles; an outwardly extending flange on said lower curved segment and an inwardly turned flange on said upper curved segment; and said outwardly extending flange and said inwardly turned flange defining interlocking means for said upper and lower curved segments of adjacent shingles for forming a tight mechanical interlocking connection between overlapping edges of adjacent shingles. 2. The invention of claim 1, and: bracket means on the rafters. 3. The invention of claim 1, wherein: means depending from said curved segments having a horizontal foot member engage said bracket means. 4. In combination with a roofing shingle assembly having a plurality of shingles mounted in multiple shingle, edge overlapping array on laterally aligned rafters having a plurality of brackets arranged in laterally aligned rows wherein means on said shingle engage said brackets, the improvement which comprises: a shingle having upper and lower curved segments, said curved segments integrally extruded on upper and lower edges of each of the shingles; said curved segments extending the full length of the shingles and defining half circular portions of fluid conduit enclosing means; a forwardly extending curved outer portion on the lower edge of said shingle having a reverse inwardly turned flange; an upwardly extending circular projection on said upper edge having a reverse outwardly extending flange; said forwardly extending curved outer portion interlocked with said upwardly extending circular projection; and said curved segments interconnected to define fluid conduit enclosing means. 5. A roofing shingle assembly for mounting on a building frame having laterally spaced rafters, comprising: a plurality of shingles for mounting in multiple shingle, edge overlapping array on rafters, the shingles each including a flat main portion with upper and lower surfaces; integrally extruded curved segments on the upper and lower edges of each shingle, said curved segments extending the full length of the shingles and each defning half circular portions of fluid conduit enclosing means; an upwardly extending circular projection on one of said curved segments having a reverse outwardly extending flange mamber; a forwardly extending outer curved outer portion on the lower edge of said shingle having a reverse inwardly turned flange; said forwardly extending outer curved portion interlocked with said reverse outwardly extending flange member; and said curved segments and said interlocked flanges defining fluid conduit enclosing means for an open loop system whereby solar heat collected on the shingles is transfered to the open loop fluid conduit thereby heating fluid flowing therein. 