A dual mode solar tracking method and system in which a sensor of radiation from the sun normally tracks the sun at a rate determined by a priori information, departure from normal tracking and correction for tracking rate errors being introduced only when the errors exceed a predetermined value and the strength of radiation from the sun exceeds a predetermined threshold value.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar tracking system comprising a source of precalculated information regarding the path of the sun on any given day, a sensor of radiation from the sun, means for normally maintaining said sensor trained upon the sun in accordance with signals derived from said source of precalculated information, and means providing an output from said sensor for modifying said signals to reorient said sensor only upon detection by said sensor of radiation above a predetermined threshold level and failure of said sensor to remain trained upon the sun within a predetermined degree of error. 2. A solar tracking system as defined in claim 1 wherein said sensor comprises means including a plurality of solar radiation detecting elements arranged for differentiating between direct radiation above said threshold level and diffused radiation below said threshold level and providing said output for modifying said signals to reorient said sensor toward the source of said direct radiation. 3. A solar tracking system as defined in claim 1 wherein said sensor comprises a plurality of light detecting elements equiangularly disposed relative to a reference axis, said reference axis normally coinciding with the direction of incident radiation from the sun, an opaque shield being disposed symmetrically about said reference axis adjacent said light detecting elements and normally shielding each of said light detecting elements equally from said incident radiation, said means providing an output from said sensor including a circuit for detecting output of any of said light detecting elements in excess of said threshold level, said detected output modifying said signals to reorient said sensor in a direction coincident sith said reference axis. 4. In a solar tracking system as defined in claim 1, the combination wherein said means for normally maintaining said sensor trained upon the sun comprises a mounting for said sensor and means for moving said sensor about one or more axes of said mounting at a rate normally in accordance with signals from said source of precalculated information and wherein said sensor comprises a pair of light detecting elements equiangularly disposed relative to a reference axis which normally coincides with the direction of incident solar radiation and a logic circuit connected to said light detecting elements, said logic circuit providing said output modifying said signals to increase or decrease said rate only upon detection of radiation above said threshold level by one of said light detecting elements. 5. In a solar tracking system as defined in claim 4, the further combination therewith of a first limit switch connected to said logic circuit and to said means for moving said sensor about said one or more axes, said first limit switch being engageable by said sensor approximately at sunset to reverse the direction of tracking by said sensor and return it to a position to resume tracking approximately at sunrise. 6. In a solar tracking system as defined in claim 4, the further combination therewith of a timing circuit connected to said logic circuit and to said means for moving said sensor about said one or more axes, and means for comparing the duration of the output of said timing circuit with the output of said logic circuit to provide a signal to reverse the direction of tracking of said sensor upon the output of said logic circuit tending to decrease said rate of tracking exceeding the duration of said timing circuit. 7. A solar tracking system as defined in claim 4 wherein said mounting is an equatorial mounting. 8. A method for tracking the path of the sun with a sensor of solar radiation which comprises the steps of normally moving said sensor about a first axis at a rate to maintain it directed along a reference axis perpendicularly to said first axis at the position of said sun as predicted by a priori information, detecting the existence of radiation from said sun, and modifying the normal rate of moving of said sensor during periods when the radiation from said sun exceeds a predetermined threshold value and the actual position of said sun departs from said position predicted by said a priori information by a predetermined error value. 9. A method of tracking the path of the sun as defined in claim 8 wherein said step of detecting the existence of radiation from said sun further includes the steps of differentiating between direct and diffuse radiation from said sun and modifying said normal rate of moving said sensor only upon detection of direct radiation from said sun. 10. A method for tracking the path of the sun as defined in claim 9 wherein said step of differentiating between direct and diffuse radiation from said sun includes the steps of comparing the intensity of said radiation at one side of said reference axis to said radiation at the other side of said reference axis as said sensor is moved along said path of the sun and modifying said normal rate of moving said sensor only when the intensity of radiation at one side or the other side of said reference axis exceeds said predetermined threshold value. 