This invention is directed to a collector designed and positioned for installations within a predetermined range of latitudes without modification of collector position, construction, or tracking the sun's movement, and comprises a generator of hot or cold fluid by solar energy collection during the day to heat the fluid and/or chilling of the fluid at nocturnal nighttime.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A compact solar heat generator, useable in a predetermined range of latitudes, comprising: (a) a frame having an open top, insulated bottom and side walls defining a chamber, said frame having interior reflective faces for receiving and redirecting solar rays to a location within the chamber; (b) a closed container having a wall and at least one surface permitting passage of solar rays and at least one heat generating surface at or adjacent said container wall, said one surface being oriented relative to said top and said reflective surface to receive through said one surface both direct and reflected solar rays to transfer energy to the interior of said container, said container being thermally insulated from the generator surroundings and positioned within said chamber at said location and further having fluid inlet and outlet ports for circulating a fluid to be heated through said container; (c) a transparent cover for said frame secured to said frame, said cover and frame inclined to be approximately normal to the sun's rays when mounted; and (d) said frame being mountable at a given angular position for receiving solar rays. 2. The solar collector heat and cold generator set forth in claim 1 wherein: said cover comprises a pair of spacedly and parallelly arranged transparent plates having a dead air space therebetween. 3. The solar collector heat and cold generator set forth in claim 1 in further combination with: a fluid storage tank for mounting in a upper plenum area of a building and having inlet and outlet ports, and pipe means for interconnecting said inlet and outlet ports of said tank respectively with said inlet and outlet ports of said container. 4. The solar collector heat and cold generator set forth in claim 3 in further combination with: with valve means connected in said pipe means, drain means connected to said conducting member, and a timer for actuating said valve means and said drain means at preselected times. 5. The solar collector heat and cold generator set forth in claim 1 wherein: the bottom of said container is at least partially covered with a black surface. 6. The generator of claim 1 in which the interior reflective surface and container surface permitting passage of light are configured so that a substantial portion of the sun's rays throughout a range of latitude will strike the container or be reflected therein when the generator is mounted on an inclined surface without modification of the said surfaces or tilt angle. 7. The solar heat generator of claim 1 wherein said heat generating surface is a black body surface which is energy-absorbing. 8. The solar heat generator of claim 1 wherein at least one of said container walls or said heat generating surface is adapted and oriented approximately normal to the sun's rays at a predetermined range of latitudes. 9. A compact solar heat generator comprising: (a) a base having an insulated bottom wall defining a chamber; (b) a closed fluid container having walls and having at least one surface permitting passage of solar rays, said container being within said chamber and insulated by said insulation from the generator surroundings and further having fluid inlet and outlet ports for circulating a fluid to be heated through said container; (c) a black body absorber surface at one wall of said fluid container; (d) a reflective surface extending over said base said surface positioned to receive and redirect solar rays to said black body surface to transfer energy to the interior of said container through said one surface; and (e) transparent cover over said base, said base and cover inclinable to be approximately normal to the sun's rays when mounted wherein fluid is heated in said container by direct absorption and conduction from said absorber surface. 10. A compact solar heat generator comprising: (a) a frame having open top, insulated bottom and side walls defining an interior chamber, said frame having at least one reflective face for receiving and re-directing solar rays to a location within the chamber; (b) a closed container having a bottom and side walls and an upper surface permitting passage of solar rays and having a generally triangular-like shape in vertical cross-section and further having at least one heat generating surface at or adjacent said container bottom, said upper surface being oriented to the top of the frame and the said reflective surface to receive through said upper surface both direct and reflected solar rays entering said chamber and to transfer energy to the interior of said container, said container having fluid inlet and outlet ports for circulating the fluid to be heated through said container in immediate contact with said heat generating surface, said container being insulated from the surroundings of said generator by said insulation; and (c) a transparent cover for said frame, said cover and frame inclined to be approximately normal to the sun's rays when mounted in most latitudes throughout the world and said cover and said energy receiving surface being in a non-parallel relationship; and (d) said frame being mountable at a predetermined angular position wherein fluid is heated in said container by direct absorption and conduction from said absorber surface as the result of a direct and indirect receipt of solar radiation. 