To provide an easily removed and supervisable electrical battery unit for a bicycle, for selective connection to a bicycle generator, a unitary housing (1) retaining battery cells (4) is mounted on the handle bar support posts (17, 19) by rearwardly extending wing-like projections, through which a bolt (23, 28) is passed reaching around the rear of the post (17, 19) to releasably and firmly secure the housing to the bicycle. The top wall of the housing carries two monitoring lamps, one indicating the charge state of the battery and the other proper functioning of the illumination circuit and, especially, of the tail light of the bicycle. The battery unit, thus, with the monitoring light, is continuously within the field of vision of the bicycle rider. A solar cell can be secured to the top wall of the housing for recharging of the rechargeable batteries when the bicycle is operated in bright light; alternatively, the unit can be readily removed from the bicycle and contains its own power network recharging unit and cable to plug it into a power outlet.
Claims I claim: 1. For attachment to a bicycle having a generator (42) and electrical illuminating means (41, 43), a selectively removable re-chargeable battery unit (4), having a transfer switch (10) for selective connection of the illuminating means to the generator (42) or to the battery unit (4); a housing (1); means to attach the housing on the frame of the bicycle in a predetermined position, said housing having a wall (3) which, upon such attachment, becomes a top wall, wherein the housing (1) is a unitary element and defines a battery chamber (2); the battery (4) is retained in the chamber in the housing; the transfer switch (10) is secured to the housing and externally accessible therefrom; a battery-charge indicator (11) is provided, connectable to said battery and providing an indication of the charge state thereof; and a lamp circuit indicator (12) is provided, connected to the illuminating means and providing an indication of proper functioning thereof, said indicators (11, 12) being arranged on the housing to be visible by the user when looking towards said top wall, whereby the releasable attachable housing forms a unitary support for the indicators; and the attachment means comprise means for attachment of the housing engageable with the handle bar post or stem (17) of the bicycle. 2. Unit according to claim 1, further including a power recharging unit (6) for the battery (4) positioned within the housing. 3. Unit according to claim 1, wherein said indicators comprise monitoring lights (11, 12) located on the top wall of the housing. 4. Unit according to claim 1, further including a connector (14) for a solar generator cell unit (13) formed on the housing. 5. Unit according to claim 4, wherein the solar generator cell unit comprises connector means (15) engageable with the connector in the housing. 6. Unit according to claim 1, wherein the attachment means comprise releasable attachment wings (20) projecting from the housing. 7. Unit according to claim 6, wherein the wings (20) define therebetween a groove or recess (18) dimensioned to fit around the upwardly extending portion (19) of the handle bar post, said wings being essentially rigid. 8. Unit according to claim 7, further comprising transverse bores (27) formed in the wings; and clamping bolt means (23, 24, 28) having conical portions fitting around the vertically extending portion (19) of the handle bar support post to clamp the wings (20), and hence the housing, on the handle bar support. 9. Unit according to claim 5, wherein the attachment means comprise rearwardly projecting attachment wings (20) formed on the housing and shaped to fit around the vertically extending portion (19) of the handle bar support post or stem (17); and the solar generator (13) is positionable on the housing for engagement and support by said wings (20). 10. Unit according to claim 9, wherein the connector means on the solar generator and the housing, respectively, extend in essentially horizontal direction for sliding engagement movement of the solar generator (13) with respect to the housing (1) while fitting over said wings. 11. Unit according to claim 10, further including attachment wings (26) projecting from the solar generator and extending essentially parallel to said wings (20) secured to the housing, said attachment wings being formed with an opening for conjoint attachment of said solar generator and said housing to the vertically extending portion of the handle bar support post (17). 12. Unit according to claim 6, wherein the attachment means comprises rearwardly extending portions (20) having a gap therebetween to fit about the forward vertical support post of a bicycle in the region of the front-wheel brake thereof. 13. Unit according to claim 12, further including additional attachment means (29) in the form of struts to secure the housing to the front wheel fork of the bicycle. 14. Unit according to claim 13, further comprising a cage-like shell (30) shaped to fit around the housing unit, and attachable to said struts (29) to retain said housing in said shell. 15. Unit according to claim 1, wherein the housing is formed with a recess (34) to receive a connecting plug (40) for electrical connection to said generator and to the illuminating means; in combination with a socket element (31) having resilient snap connecting wings (32) fitting around the depending portion (19) of the handle bar post (17) and being formed with contacts adapted to receive said connecting plug in the absence of assembly of said battery unit on the bicycle. 16. Unit according to claim 1, wherein the housing is formed with a recess to receive a connecting plug (40) having connections (41, 42, 43) to the generator (42) and to the head light (41') and the tail light (43'). 