A road barrier system prevents automobile access by means of a chain array or swinging gate held in place across a roadway between two posts. A motor driven mechanism operates the barrier in response to a key or security access code in two modes of operation, one being open access and the other automatically opening and reclosing the gate after a preset time period. Features include quick operation, energy efficiency, self-powered solar energy as the sole energy input, breakaway features to prevent serious damage to the control equipment upon unauthorized entry by force and high-reliability low-maintenance simple equipment useful in country locations without access to power line energy sources. In this respect, the barrier in one embodiment is built as a part of a cattle guard assembly.
Claims I claim: 1. A self powered environmental energy operated barrier access gate assembly, comprising in combination, a gate assembly with a barrier movable into open and closed positions for prevention of automotive traffic therethrough in closed position, a reversible d-c motor, a gate actuating mechanism powered thereby comprising a motor driven gear coupled for pivoting a single pivotable lever arm connected to the gate assembly for thereby moving the gate barrier between said open and closed positions, an electric control system actuating said motor for moving the gate to selected ones of said open and closed positions in respective forward and reverse motor directions, a d-c battery power supply with an environmental energy producing device coupled to said power supply to recharge the battery, and circuitry connecting said motor and control system to derive all operating power thereto from environmental energy by way of said rechargeable battery. 2. The assembly defined in claim 1 wherein the control system is provided with interlocks removing power when the gate resides in either open or closed condition, thereby to use power only when the gate is being opened and closed by the motor. 3. The combination defined in claim 2 wherein the gate assembly is mounted between two post assemblies on opposite sides of a roadway, further comprising a cattle guard comprising a portion of the roadway between said post assemblies with the posts integrally affixed to the cattle guard. 4. The combination defined in claim 1 wherein the gate assembly comprises a chain. 5. The combination defined in claim 1 further comprising a lever operable from a motor actuating a screw mechanism to open said gate assembly and means to automatically return the lever to a gate closure position a predetermined time period after the gate is opened by moving said lever. 6. An assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein the energy producing device is a solar cell. 7. The combination defined in claim 1 wherein the gate assembly comprises a pivoted barrier member. 8. The combination defined in claim 7 including locking means operable by said motor for locking the pivoted barrier in closed position. 9. The combination defined in claim 8 wherein the locking means comprises a slidable locking member movable on said barrier member under control of said motor at a limit position when the barrier member is closed. 10. The combination defined in claim 1 wherein the gate actuating mechanism comprises said pivotable lever with a motor and motor driven extension screw mechanism therein coupled to pivot a gate barrier member between limiting positions in said opened and closed positions. 11. The combination defined in claim 10 wherein motor stop means is provided for both open and closed gate positions, and including limit stop means detecting motor load increases when the stop means are encountered to terminate either a closed and open gate cycle. 12. The combination defined in claim 11 including means reversing the motor direction in response to each limit stop means detection, thereby to automatically direct a closed gate to open and an open gate to close. 13. The combination defined in claim 1 wherein said control means is responsive to an access condition for moving said gate from closed to open conditions, and including manually operable switching circuit means automatically restoring the gate to closed condition a predetermined time after manual actuation thereof. 14. The system defined in claim 11 including manually operated gate control switching means connected with said control means selectively to initiate an operation mode opening said gate and keeping it open for a predetermined time period until said switching circuit restores automatic operation. 15. The combination defined in claim 1 further comprising, a pair of post assemblies for mounting on opposite sides of a roadway to support barrier means across the roadway, a flexible line constituting said gate assembly attachable to the two posts for disposal between them at a position above the roadway and substantially parallel therewith at a level that would engage an automobile to thereby serve as a barrier for automobile through traffic, means engaging the terminal end of said line to one said post, a lever arm movable on the other said post in an arc from a substantially vertical position adjacent the post pointing upwardly to a substantially vertical position adjacent the post pointing downwardly, means engaging the other terminal end of said line at the end of said lever arm to move the line from said parallel position when the lever is pointing upwardly to a position residing on the roadway when the lever is pointing downwardly, thereby permitting an automobile to pass the barrier in only the latter position, and means coupling said gate actuating mechanism for moving said lever between said two positions in response to an access condition supplied by a driver desiring access through the barrier. 16. The combination defined in claim 1 further comprising a break-away mechanism permitting the gate assembly to give way from the actuating mechanism if a vehicle drives through the barrier. 17. The combination defined in claim 1 wherein said gate assembly comprises means disposed parallel to the roadway such as a chain line disposed between two posts with the line adapted to be stretched taut for barring access and to be dropped to the ground for permitting access and being connected at terminal ends to a line section connected from near the bottom of each post to a position near the top of each post when the line is in its upper barrier position, wherein the line section forms with each post in the barrier position a substantially triangular array meeting the parallel line at a position within the upper half of the post dimension. 18. An electrical actuation system for operating a barrier access gate assembly movable between open and closed conditions in response to an electrical control signal, comprising a d-c reversible motor, a screw mechanism rotated in two opposite directions by said motor to move back and forth for moving said gate respectively toward said open and closed positions, and a single pivotable lever moved back and forth by movement of said screw mechanism therewith opening and closing the barrier access gate assembly. 19. The combination defined in claim 18 including means for mechanically loading the motor at gate open and gate closed positions, and detection means for signalling increased motor load coupled to said automatic control means for changing motor direction. 