Orderly control of power applied by a photovoltaic solar panel d.c. source to a load is attained despite varying long and short term solar conditions by coupling power from the panel to an inverter in response to the panel voltage exceeding a predetermined level and preventing coupling of power from the panel to the inverter in response to the panel voltage being less than a predetermined level. The switching frequency of the inverter is controlled in response to the panel voltage so that approximately maximum power which the panel is capable of generating is supplied to the inverter for the incident solar energy on the panel at a given temperature. Power is supplied to the inverter by a series switch between the panel and inverter. The switch is activated into a conducting state in response to the panel voltage exceeding a predetermined value. The panel voltage controls the turn-on and turn-off levels of the series switch by a hysteresis effect, provided by connecting a dummy power dissipating load in shunt with the panel while the series switch is cut off. The dummy load has a value causing the panel output voltage to be less than the voltage for maximum panel output power. A similar series switch and hysteresis control is provided for control circuitry for the inverter. The series switch for supplying power to the control circuitry can be activated in response to the same voltage which activates the series switch for the inverter, or in response to a different voltage level.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A circuit for selectively supplying power from a photovoltaic solar panel d.c. source to a main load and control circuitry for the load comprising a first series switch between the source and the main load for selectively supplying voltage having one level to the main load, a second series switch between the source and the circuitry for selectively supplying voltage having a level less than that of the one level to the circuitry, means responsive to the voltage level derived from the source for controlling said switches so that the first and second switches respectively supply power to the main load and the circuitry in response to the voltage level exceeding a predetermined value, means responsive to the voltage level for respectively connecting first and second dummy loads in shunt with the source while the first and second switches do not supply power to the main load and the circuitry and for respectively decoupling the first and second dummy loads from the source while the first and second switches supply power to the load and the circuitry, whereby power from the source is dissipated in the first and second dummy loads while the first and second switches do not supply power to the load, respectively, and means for respectively connecting the first and second switches in circuit with the first and second dummy loads so the dissiplate power in the first and second dummy loads is respectively available to be supplied to the main loads is respectively available to be supplied to the main load and circuitry as the first and second switches respectively supply power to the main load and circuitry. 2. The circuit of claim 1 wherein the values of the dummy loads are such that the panel operates along a portion of its output voltage-current characteristic that is substantially displaced from a maximum power point of the characteristic for levels of solar energy incident on the panel immediately below the voltage level that causes the first switch to supply power from the panel to the load. 3. The circuit of claim 2 further including means for causing the panel to operate at the maximum power point while the first switch supplies power from the panel to the load. 4. The circuit of claim 3 wherein the means for causing the panel to operate at the maximum power point includes means responsive to the panel output voltage for deriving a signal indicative of whether the panel is operating at the maximum power point, an inverter for chopping power derived from the first switch and for coupling the chopped power to an a.c. load, said inverter having a response such that the current supplied by it to the load increases as the fundamental frequency of the chopped power increases, and means responsive to the signal for controlling the fundamental frequency. 5. The circuit of claim 1, or 2, or 3, or 4, wherein the means for controlling the first and second switches includes means responsive to differing voltage levels of the source so that the first and second switches respectively couple power from the source to the main load and circuitry in response to the source voltage levels having first and second values. 6. The circuit of claim 1, or 2, or 3, or 4, wherein the means for controlling the first and second switches includes means responsive to the same voltage level of the source so that the first and second switches respectively couple power from the source to the main load and circuitry in response to the source voltage levels having the same values. 7. A circuit for selectively supplying power from a photovoltaic solar panel d.c. source to a load comprising a series switch between the source and the load for selectively supplying power to the load, means responsive to the voltage level derived from the source for controlling said switch so that the switch supplies power to the load in response to the voltage level exceeding a predetermined value, and means responsive to the voltage level for connecting a dummy load in shunt with the source while the switch does not supply power to the load and for decoupling the dummy load from the source while the switch supplies power to the load, whereby power from the source is dissipated in the dummy load while the switch does not supply power to load, and means for connecting the switch in circuit with the dummy load so the dissipated power in the dummy load is available to be supplied to the load as the switch supplies power to the load. 8. The circuit of claim 7 wherein the value of the dummy load is such that the panel operates along a portion of its output voltage-current characteristic that is substantially displaced from a maximum power point of the characteristic for levels of solar energy incident on the panel immediately below the voltage level that causes the switch to supply power from the panel to the load. 9. The circuit of claim 8 further including means for causing the panel to operate at the maximum power point while the switch supplies power from the panel to the load. 10. The circuit of claim 9 wherein the means for causing the panel to operate at the maximum power point includes means responsive to the panel output voltage for deriving a signal indicative of whether the panel is operating at the maximum power point, an inverter for chopping power derived from the switch and for coupling the chopped power to an a.c. load, said inverter having a response such that the current supplied by it to the load increases as the fundamental frequency of the chopped power increases, and means responsive to the signal for controlling the fundamental frequency. 11. A system for providing orderly control of the power applied by a photovoltaic solar panel d.c. source to a load comprising a power inverter selectively responsive to power from the source, an inverter control circuit responsive to voltage from the source for controlling the switching frequency of the inverter so that approximately maximum power is supplied by the panel to the inverter for the incident solar energy on and temperature of the panel, and means responsive to the level of the voltage generated by the panel for coupling power from the panel to the inverter and for preventing coupling of power from the panel to the inverter in response to the voltage level be greater than a predetermined value and less than a predetermined value, respectively. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein the inverter control circuit includes a power supply terminal, and means responsive to the level of voltage generated by the panel for coupling power from the panel to the terminal and for preventing coupling of power from the panel to the terminal in response to the voltage level being greater than a predetermined value and less than a predetermined value, respectively. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein the means for coupling and decoupling for the inverter and terminal includes a first series switch between the source and the inverter for selectively supplying voltage having one level to the inverter, a second series switch between the source and the terminal for selectively supplying voltage having a level less than that of the one level to the terminal, means responsive to the voltage level derived from the source for controlling said switches so that the first and second switches respectively supply power to the inverter and the terminal in response to the voltage level exceeding a predetermined value, means responsive to the voltage level for respectively connecting first and second dummy loads in shunt with the source while the first and second switches do not supply power to the inverter and the terminal and for respectively decoupling the first and second dummy loads from the source while the first and second switches supply power to the inverter and the terminal, whereby power from the source is dissipated in the first and second dummy loads while the first and second switches do not supply power to the inverter, respectively, and means for respectively connecting the first and second switches in circuit with the first and second dummy loads so the dissipated power in the first and second dummy loads is respectively available to be supplied to the inverter and terminal as the first and second switches respectively supply power to the inverter and terminal. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein the values of the dummy loads are such that the panel operates along a portion of its output voltage-current characteristic that is substantially displaced from a maximum power point of the characteristic for levels of solar energy incident on the panel immediately below the voltage level that causes the first switch to supply power from the panel to the load. 15. The system of claim 13 or claim 14 wherein the means for controlling the first and second switches includes means responsive to differing voltage levels of the source so that the first and second switches respectively couple power from the source to the inverter and terminal in response to the source voltage levels having first and second values. 16. The system of claim 11 wherein the means for coupling and decoupling includes a series switch between the source and the invertor for selectively supplying power to the inverter, means responsive to the voltage level derived from the source for controlling said switch so that the switch supplies power to the inverter in response to the voltage level exceeding a predetermined value, and means responsive to the voltage level for connecting a dummy load in shunt with the source while the switch does not supply power to the inverter and for decoupling the dummy load from the source while the switch supplies power to the inverter, whereby power from the source is dissipated in the dummy load while the switch does not supply power to the inverter and the power dissipated from the source in the dummy load is available to be supplied to the inverter as the switch supplies power to the inverter. 17. The system of claim 11 wherein the inverter control circuit includes means for increasing the source voltage level while the source is coupled to the inverter relative to the source voltage while power is prevented from being coupled from the source to the inverter, whereby a hysteresis effect is provided. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein the inverter control circuit for providing the hysteresis effect includes a dummy load for loading the source only while the source is decoupled from the load. 19. The system of claim 18 wherein the value of the dummy load is such that the panel operates along a portion of its output voltage-current characteristic that is substantially displaced from a maximum power point of the characteristic for levels of solar energy incident on the panel immediately below the voltage level that causes the switch to supply power from the panel to the load. 20. The system of claim 19 further including means for causing the panel to operate at the maximum power point while the switch supplies power from the panel to the load. 21. The system of claim 20 wherein the means for causing the panel to operate at the maximum power point includes means responsive to the panel output voltage for deriving a signal indicative of whether the panel is operating at the maximum power point, an inverter for chopping power derived from the switch and for coupling the chopped power to an a.c. load, said inverter having a response such that the current supplied by it to the load increases as the fundamental frequency of the chopped power increases, the means responsive to the signal for controlling the fundamental frequency. 22. A method of controlling the application of d.c. output power of a photovoltaic solar panel to a load comprising determining whether a panel output parameter value is above or below a predetermined threshold, in response to the output parameter value being below the threshold loading the panel with an impedance that causes the panel to derive the output parameter with a value different from the parameter value at the maximum power point for the panel at the threshold while decoupling the panel from the load, in response to the output parameter value being above the threshold coupling the panel to the load while operating the panel substantially at the maximum power point for the panel. 23. The method of claim 22 wherein the parameter value is voltage. 24. A method of controlling the application of d.c. output power of a photovoltaic solar panel to a load comprising monitoring an output parameter of the panel to indicate whether the solar energy incident on the panel is above or below a threshold value, in response to the parameter indicating that the incident energy is below the threshold connecting a dummy load to the panel while preventing the coupling of power from the panel to the load, the dummy load causing the output power of the panel to differ from the panel maximum power at the threshold value of the incident energy, in response to the parameter indicating that the incident energy is above the threshold disconnecting the dummy load from the panel while coupling power from the panel to the load and maximizing the power output of the panel. 25. Apparatus for controlling the application of d.c. output power of a photovoltaic solar panel to a load comprising a dummy load for the panel, means responsive to the value of an output parameter of the panel being below a threshold level for coupling the dummy load to the panel while decoupling the panel from the load, the dummy load having a value that causes the panel to derive an output parameter having a value lower than the parameter value at the maximum power point for the panel at the threshold, means responsive to the output parameter having a value above the threshold level for coupling the panel to the load and decoupling the dummy load from the panel and for operating the panel at the maximum power point for the panel. 26. Apparatus for controlling the application of d.c. output power of photovoltaic solar panel to a load comprising means responsive to a parameter of the panel output for deriving a signal indicative of whether the solar energy incident on the panel is above or below a threshold value, a dummy load, means responsive to the signal indicating that the incident energy is below the threshold for connecting the dummy load to the panel while preventing the coupling of power from the panel to the load, the dummy load causing the output power of the panel to differ from the panel maximum power at the threshold value of the incident energy, and means responsive to the signal indicating that the incident energy is above the threshold for disconnecting the dummy load from the panel while coupling power from the panel to the load and for maximizing the power output of the panel. 27. The apparatus of claim 25 or 26 wherein said means for coupling power to the load includes a function generator having a variable frequency output that is stabilized when the load is operating at the maximum power point of the panel, and a power inverter switched by the variable frequency output for coupling power from the panel to the motor, the function generator causing the inverter to chop the panel d.c. output into a notched, mutli-level pseudo sinusoidal wave having frequencies above and below the stabilized frequency in response to load currents greater and less than the load current at the maximum power point. 