A method of sealingly connecting a thermoplastic solar panel structure comprising a multiplicity of elongated thin wall sections defining a multiplicity of parallel passages extending longitudinally between the ends of said panel structure to a thermoplastic manifold tube comprising the steps of mounting an elongated mandrel having a multiplicity of transversely projecting elements corresponding in number and spacing to the panel passages to be communicated with the interior of the manifold tube, positioning a side wall portion of the manifold tube in predetermined spaced relation with the open end of the panel structure so that the projecting elements of the mandrel are generally longitudinally aligned with the open ends of a corresponding member of the passages in the panel structure, heating the spaced panel structure end and the manifold tube side wall portion to soften the thermoplastic material thereof, moving the mandrel within the manifold tube so as to position the projecting elements through the side wall portion thereof and into the open ends of said corresponding panel structure passages and the manifold tube toward the panel structure end so as to cause the manifold tube side wall portion to apply a pressure to the panel structure end sufficient to deform the thermoplastic material thereof and effect a fusing of the same into a unitary mass, and withdrawing the mandrel in the direction of extent of the projecting elements to a position within the interior of the manifold tube and then longitudinally out of the manifold tube and apparatus for carrying out the method.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for sealingly connecting a thermoplastic solar panel structure having a multiplicity of elongated thin wall sections defining a multiplicity of parallel passages extending longitudinally between the ends of said panel structure to a thermoplastic manifold tube, said apparatus comprising panel structure engaging means for fixedly positioning an end of a panel structure to which a manifold tube is to be connected, means for mounting a manifold tube for movement from a position in which a side wall portion thereof is spaced a predetermined distance from a panel structure end fixedly positioned by said panel structure engaging means into a position of pressure engagement therewith, an elongated mandrel having a multiplicity of transversely projecting elements corresponding in number and spacing to the panel passages to be communicated with the interior of the manifold tube of a size to engage longitudinally within the interior periphery of said manifold tube, means mounting said mandrel for transverse movement within said manifold tube, means for heating the panel structure end and said manifold tube side wall portion when the latter are disposed in said predetermined spaced relation to soften the thermoplastic material thereof, means for moving said mandrel within said manifold tube so as to position the projecting elements thereof through the side wall portion thereof and into the open ends of corresponding panel structure passages and for withdrawing said mandrel in the direction of extent of said elements to a position within the interior of said manifold tube following the connection of the latter to the panel structure end, and means for moving said manifold tube toward said panel structure end so as to cause said manifold tube side wall portion to apply a pressure to said panel structure end sufficient to deform the softened thermoplastic material thereof and effect a fusing of the same into a unitary mass. 2. Apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein said manifold tube is a tube assembly comprising an exterior tube of a material different from the material of said panel structure and an interior tube liner of a material which is the same as the material of the panel structure, said exterior tube having a series of preformed openings therein corresponding in number and spacing to the panel passages which are to be communicated with the interior of the manifold tube. 3. Apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein said mandrel includes a central longitudinal passage and each of said projecting elements has a hole extending therethrough from the projecting free end thereof into communication with said central passage whereby a fluid can be passed from said central passage through each of said holes into an associated panel structure passage. 4. Apparatus as defined in claim 1 or 3 wherein said heating means comprises an electrical heating element mounted for movement into a position between said panel structure end and said manifold tube side wall portion. 5. Apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein said mandrel mounting means comprises a pair of parallel elongated members detachably connected to opposite end portions of said mandrel when said mandrel extends within said manifold tube. 6. Apparatus as defined in claim 5 wherein said mandrel moving means includes a pair of piston and cylinder units connected to move said parallel elongated members longitudinally. 7. Apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein said panel structure engaging means includes a pair of upper and lower pads of foamed material having lower and upper surfaces respectively conforming in shape with the upper and lower surfaces respectively of said panel structure. 8. Apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein said manifold tube mounting means comprises upper and lower pads of foamed material having lower and upper planar surfaces respectively for frictionally contacting upper and lower exterior portions of the manifold tube. 9. Apparatus as defined in claim 8 wherein said manifold tube moving means comprises an elongated member having an arcuate surface for engaging a side wall portion of the manifold tube diametrically opposed to the side wall portion thereof within which said openings are formed and piston and cylinder means for effecting horizontal reciprocating movement of said elongated member. 10. Apparatus as defined in claim 1 or 3 wherein said heating means comprises means for extruding a strip of hot thermoplastic material between the spaced panel structure end and the manifold side wall portion, said projecting elements extending through said strip during the movement therein into said corresponding passages, the thermoplastic material of said strip forming a part of the aforesaid unitary mass. 11. Apparatus as defined in claim 10 wherein said extruding means comprises an extruding device and means for mounting said extruding device for movement in a direction parallel with said panel structure end and in a direction transversely thereto toward and away from said panel structure end. 12. Apparatus as defined in claim 11 wherein said extruding device comprises a barrel section, a relatively short longitudinally extending screw section rotatably mounted in said barrel section, means for rotating said screw section within said barrel section about a longitudinally extending axis, means for feeding a supply of solid particles of thermoplastic material into said barrel section to be compressively engaged and moved longitudinally from said barrel section by the rotation of said screw section, a nozzle assembly having passage means for receiving the compressed solid thermoplastic particles moving from said barrel section and directing the same to move out of a spaced extrusion outlet therein, means for heating the solid plastic particles during the movement thereof through said passage means, and means for preventing the heat added by said heating means from being transmitted to the solid particles in said barrel section to a degree sufficient to cause the same to melt so that said screw section compressively engages and moves the plastic material in solid particle form only and is free from contact with molten plastic material. 13. Apparatus as defined in claim 12 wherein said screw section constitutes a double helix tapered screw. 14. Apparatus as defined in claim 13 wherein said screw has a length to diameter ratio of approximately 3.3 to 1. 15. Apparatus as defined in claim 14 wherein said barrel section includes an interior peripheral surface disposed in closely spaced relation to the exterior periphery of said screw, said peripheral surface having a plurality of annularly spaced longitudinally extending slots formed therein. 16. Apparatus as defined in claim 12 wherein said heat transmitting preventing means comprises a heat dam assembly connecting said barrel section with said nozzle assembly. 17. Apparatus as defined in claim 16 wherein said heat dam assembly includes an inner thin walled sleeve fixed at one end to the exterior periphery of said barrel section and extending therefrom in closely spaced surrounding relation to a portion adjacent the discharge end of said screw and an annularly finned member disposed in closely spaced surrounding relation to such thin walled sleeve fixedly connected between the exterior periphery of the barrel section and said nozzle assembly. 18. Apparatus as defined in claim 12 wherein said nozzle assembly includes a body section adjacent said barrel section, said body section including a series of annularly spaced passages of sector shaped cross-sectional configuration extending longitudinally therethrough and a corresponding series of longitudinally extending heaters, each being spaced radially outwardly between an adjacent pair of passages. 19. Apparatus as defined in claim 18 wherein said nozzle assembly includes a tip section having an extrusion outlet of slit-like cross-sectional configuration and a series of symmetrical transition passages between the adjacent end of said sector shaped passages and said extrusion outlet. 20. Apparatus as defined in claim 12 wherein said screw section rotating means comprises an electric motor having an output shaft, said screw section including a shaft portion journaled in said barrel section and torque limiting coupling means between said output shaft and said shaft portion. 21. Apparatus as defined in claim 20 wherein said coupling means includes an annular member fixed to said output shaft having a thrust bearing engaged therewith. 22. Apparatus as defined in claim 1, 3, 5, 17, 18, 19 or 20 wherein said mandrel mounting means includes means for vibrating said mandrel during the fusing of the thermoplastic material so as to stress relieve the same. 