Solar collectors have flat plate-like foil tubes with permeable interlayers with lattice structure surfaces bonded to the foils of the tube. Several tubes with insulating backing are seam bonded together to form a sheet for covering a roof. Heat transfer medium flows from inlets into a space along one side of the tube, through the permeable interlayer into a space along the other side of the tube and through an outlet. The structure is thin, light, inexpensive and easy to install. Flow of medium which covers substantially all of a surface may be precisely controlled. Temperature of medium in the collectors may be maintained only slightly higher than temperatures throughout the system.
Claims We claim: 1. Solar collector to absorb solar energy with at least one collector tube with an inlet and an outlet for a heat-transport medium characterized by at least one flat plate-like foil tube, an interlayer which is permeable to the heat-transport medium installed inside walls of the foil tube, the interlayer extending only partially over a width of the flat plate-like foil tube thus forming on both sides of the interlayer channels which respectively are connected to an inlet and an outlet, sides of the interlayer exposed to the walls of the foil tube being reinforced with webbed texture protective layers, and a wall exposed to solar radiation having a profiled saw-toothed surface. 2. Solar collector to absorb solar energy with at least one collector tube with an inlet and an outlet for a heat-transport medium characterized by at least one flat plate-like foil tube having a heat permeable outer wall and an interlayer which is permeable to the heat-transport medium installed inside the walls of the foil tube, the wall exposed to the solar radiation consisting of a profiled, particularly a saw-toothed surface. 3. Solar collector to absorb solar energy with at least one collector tube with an inlet and an outlet for a heat-transport medium characterized by at least one flat plate-like foil tube having a heat permeable outer wall and an interlayer which is permeable to the heat-transport medium installed inside the walls of the foil tube characterized by an insulation layer being arranged on the rear side of the solar collector which is not exposed to the solar radiation and the rear side of the insulation layer having an adhesive or bonding layer for easy mounting, for example on a sheathing of a roof. 4. Solar collector according to claim 3 or 2, thus characterized that the interlayer extends only partially over a width of the flat plate-like foil tube thus forming on both sides of the interlayer channels which respectively are connected to an inlet and an outlet. 5. Solar collector according to claims 3 or 2, thus characterized that the interlayer consists of a foam material with open pores. 6. Solar collector according to claims 3 or 2, thus characterized that the interlayer consists of a fibrous material. 7. Solar collector according to claims 3 or 2, thus characterized that the walls of the foils are tightly bonded to the respective sides of the interlayer. 8. Solar collector according to claim 7, thus characterized that the walls of the foils are thermally welded to the respective sides of the interlayer. 9. Solar collector according to claims 3 or 2, thus characterized that the surface zones of the interlayer which are exposed to the walls of the foil tube have a compact structure. 10. Solar collector according to claims 3 or 2, thus characterized that the sides of the interlayer exposed to the walls of the foil tube are reinforced with protective layers. 11. Solar collector according to claim 10, thus characterized that the protective layers consist of a webbed texture. 12. Solar collector according to claim 11, thus characterized that the webbed texture is of a lattice structure. 13. Solar collector according to claims 3 or 2, thus characterized that the flat plate-like foil tube is formed of several foil layers fused together by thermal seam-welding. 14. Solar collector according to claims 3 or 2, thus characterized that several collector tubes are arranged in array by thermal seam-welding. 15. Solar collector according to claim 2, characterized by an insulation layer arranged on the rear side of the solar collector which is not exposed to the solar radiation. 