An improved sun-tracking solar energy collector in constant focal communication with the rays of the sun during daylight hours and in which the moving element is made compact and inexpensive by incorporating therein only the function of receiving and redirecting the rays of the sun.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy collector comprising: a block of heat absorbing material, a lens pivotally mounted on a surface of said block for receiving the rays of the sun, an indentation comprising a spherical configuration formed in said surface of said block juxtapositioned to said lens, said indentation providing clearance for the lens as it is pivoted about its mounting axis, and at least one fluid conducting passageway traversing said block for causing the fluid passing therethrough to absorb the heat of said block. 2. The solar energy collector set forth in claim 1 wherein: said passageway interiorally of said block is enlarged. 3. The solar energy collector set forth in claim 1 wherein: said passageway comprises a plurality of pipes extending unidirectionally through said block. 4. The solar energy collector set forth in claim 1 in further combination with: means for pivotally rotating said lens to follow the sun. 5. The solar energy collector set forth in claim 3 wherein: said means comprises a sun tracking mechanism. 6. The solar energy collector set forth in claim 1 in further combination with: a second block of heat absorbing material, a second lens pivotally mounted on a surface of said second block for receiving the rays of the sun, a second indentation in the surface of said second block juxtapositioned to said second lens, said second indentation providing clearance for said second lens as it is pivoted about its mounting axis, a second fluid conducting passageway traversing said second block, and means for connecting in series the passageways of the first and second blocks to form an array. 7. The solar energy collector set forth in claim 6 in further combination with: means for fastening the first and second blocks together in a unitary structure. 8. The solar energy collector set forth in claim 6 in further combination with: means for connecting both lens of the blocks together, and a sun tracking means connected to said means for causing the lens of both blocks to follow in unison the movement of the sun. 9. The solar energy collector set forth in claim 1 in further combination with: a further plurality of blocks of heat absorbing material, a plurality of lenses one for each of said plurality of blocks, each of said plurality of lenses being pivotally mounted on a surface of the associated block for receiving the rays of the sun, a plurality of indentations one formed in the surface of each of said blocks juxtapositioned to the associated lens, said indentations provide clearances for said plurality of lenses as they pivot about their mounting axes, a plurality of additional passageways traversing each of said blocks, means for connecting said passageway of said first block and said passageways of said plurality of blocks in series, means for fastening said block and blocks together in a unitary structure, and means for connecting said lens and lenses together, and a sun tracking means connected to said means for causing the lens of both blocks to follow in unison the movement of the sun. 10. The solar energy collector set forth in claim 1 wherein: said block is provided with a plurality of additional lenses, further additional indentations one formed in said block juxtapositioned to each of said plurality of lenses, and means for pivotally rotating in unison all of the lenses for tracking the sun. 