An agricultural inoculant composition used as a seed, plant, foilar spray, field spray, and compost inoculant. The agricultural inoculant composition includes both a peat humus base composition having predetermined quantities of peat moss, leather meal, granite meal, Calcium Phosphate, tobacco meal, animal manure, kelp, greensand, liquid seaweed, and bacterial inoculant. Additionally, a liquid seaweed base composition is mixed with the peat humus base composition and the liquid seaweed base composition includes a combination of liquid seaweed, carbohydrates and polysaccharides, vitamins, as well as liquid alfalfa. The agricultural inoculant has been found to increase both the quality and yield of various types of plant products when such is used either as a seed or plant inoculant.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An agricultural inoculant composition including: (a) a peat humus base mixture consisting essentially of predetermined weight percentages of peat moss, leather meal, granite meal, Calcium Phosphate, tobacco meal, animal manure, kelp, greensand, liquid seaweed, and bacterial inoculant; and, (b) a liquid seaweed base mixture consisting essentially of liquid seaweed, carbohydrates and polysaccharides, vitamins and liquid alfalfa, said liquid seaweed base mixture being blended with said peat humus base mixture in the approximate amount of 250.0 ml. of said liquid seaweed base mixture to 135.0 grams of said peat humus base mixture. 2. The agricultural inoculant composition as recited in claim 1 where said peat humus base mixture includes the following approximate weight percentage ranges of 45.0%-55.0% peat moss; 10.0%-20.0% leather meal; 1.0%-10.0% granite meal; 1.0%-10.0% Calcium Phosphate; 1.0%-10.0% tobacco meal; 20.0%-30.0% animal manure; 0.5%-5.0% kelp; 0.5%-5.0% greensand; 0.1%-5.0% liquid seaweed; and, a trace amount of bacterial inoculant, said weight percentages being taken with respect to the total weight of said peat humus base mixture. 3. The agricultural inoculant composition as recited in claim 2 where said peat humus base mixture includes the following approximate weight percentages: 48.6% peat moss; 12.15% leather meal; 4.86% granite meal; 2.43% Calcium Phosphate; 6.08% tobacco meal; 24.30% animal manure; 0.73% kelp; 0.61% greensand; 0.24% liquid seaweed; and, a trace amount of bacterial inoculant. 4. The agricultural inoculant composition as recited in claim 1 where said liquid seaweed includes approximately 10.7 ounces of dehydrated seaweed powder blended with approximately 1.0 gallons of water. 5. A method of producing an agricultural inoculant composition including the steps of: (a) forming a peat humus base mixture consisting essentially of predetermined weight percentages of peat moss, leather meal, granite meal, Calcium Phosphate, tobacco meal, animal manure, kelp, greensand, liquid seaweed, and bacterial inoculant; (b) initially fermenting said peat humus base mixture; (c) aerating said initially fermented peat humus base mixture; (d) secondarily fermenting said peat humus base mixture; (e) maintaining said peat humus base mixture below a predetermined temperature at which beneficial bacteria would become ineffective during said secondary fermenting; and, (f) blending said secondarily fermented peat humus base mixture with a liquid seaweed base mixture consisting essentially of liquid seaweed, carbohydrates and polysaccharides, vitamins and liquid alfalfa. 6. The method of producing an agricultural inoculant composition as recited in claim 5 where the step of forming a peat humus base mixture includes the step of wetting said peat humus base mixture with non-chlorinated water in the approximate amount of 100.0 gallons of said water to approximately 2000.0 pounds of said peat humus base mixture. 7. The method of producing an agricultural inoculant composition as recited in claim 6 where the step of wetting is followed by the step of mixing said wetted peat humus base mixture. 8. The method of producing an agricultural inoculant composition as recited in claim 5 where the step of initially fermenting includes the step of locating said peat humus base mixture in an external environment adapted to be impinged by solar rays. 9. The method of producing an agricultural inoculant composition as recited in claim 8 where the step of locating said peat humus base mixture includes the step of covering said peat humus base mixture with a waterproof material. 10. The method of producing an agricultural inoculant as recited in claim 9 where the step of covering includes the step of providing a high solar absorptivity for said peat humus base mixture. 11. The method of producing an agricultural inoculant composition as recited in claim 10 where said waterproof covering material is plastic. 12. The method of producing an agricultural inoculant composition as recited in claim 11 where the step of initially fermenting includes the step of maintaining said peat humus base mixture in said external environment for approximately 14.0 days. 13. The method of producing an agricultural inoculant composition as recited in claim 5 where the step of secondarily fermenting said peat humus base mixture includes the step of locating said peat humus base mixture in an external environment for a predetermined time interval. 14. The method of producing an agricultural inoculant composition as recited in claim 13 where the step of locating said peat humus base mixture is followed by the step of monitoring the temperature of said peat humus base mixture during said predetermined time interval. 15. The method of producing an agricultural inoculant composition as recited in claim 14 where the step of monitoring includes the step of maintaining said temperature of said peat humus base mixture below an approximate temperature of 160.0.degree. F. 16. The method of producing an agricultural inoculant composition as recited in claim 15 where the step of monitoring includes the step of stabilizing the pH value of said peat humus base mixture to a predetermined value within the approximate range of between 6.0-7.0. 