Method of operation and apparatus for a salt gradient solar pond employing a novel barge carrying a plurality of two axis stabilized high temperature concentrator solar cell arrays including means to control the flow rate of the concentrator solar cell array cooling fluid to optimize power station characteristics.
Claims We claim: 1. A power station comprising a salt gradient pond, a heat engine, and a plurality of III-V photovoltaic concentrator solar cells; means for utilizing the thermal energy available from the lower zone of said salt gradient pond to power said heat engine; means for concentrating solar insolation upon said plurality of III-V photovoltaic concentrator solar cells; means for cooling said plurality of solar cells and for combining the heat derived from said cells by said cooling means with the heat from said lower zone of said pond for powering said heat engine, said means for cooling said solar cells being a closed loop fluid path; means for adjusting the flow rate of the solar cell cooling fluid in said closed loop fluid path to optimize power station operating characteristics. 2. The pond of claim 1 wherein said means for adjusting the flow rate of said solar cell cooling fluid is responsive to an indication of the temperature at the inlet to said heat engine. 3. A salt gradient solar pond comprising an enclosed body of brine solution having three zones of salt concentration, the topmost zone having the lowest concentration, the middle zone having a salt concentration increasing with depth and the lowermost zone having the highest concentration; a platform means for supporting a plurality of photovoltaic concentrator solar cell arrays being floated in said top zone of said brine solution; means for rotating said platform in azimuth as a function of the position of the sun; means for utilizing the thermal energy available from the solar pond to power a heat engine, said solar pond thermal energy including thermal energy derived from the cooling of said concentrator solar cell arrays. 4. The pond of claim 3 wherein the platform is slideable vertically in response to the level of the brine. 5. The solar pond of claim 3 wherein said means for rotating said platform in azimuth comprises an axle through the platform about which said platform is controllably drivable and power drive means on said platform for applying torque to said axle. 6. The pond of claim 3 further comprising fluid means for cooling said concentrator solar cell arrays and means for deriving thermal energy therefrom, and means for adjusting the flow rate of said fluid means for cooling to optimize combined pond and concentrator operating characteristics. 7. A photovoltaic concentrator solar cell system for floating on a brine gradient solar pond comprising, a plurality of concentrator solar cell mounting means, said concentrator mounting means being buoyant in said brine, said concentrator mounting means including an elevation axis; a barge, said barge being buoyant in said brine, said barge having a plurality of openings for receiving said concentrator solar cell mounting means, said barge further including means for precluding azimuth relative motion between said concentrator solar cell mounting means and said barge while permitting elevation rotational motion of said concentrator solar cell mounting means relative to said barge means about said elevation axis; and means for inducing relative azimuthal rotation between said barge and said brine. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein said means to induce relative azimuthal rotation includes a centrally located opening through said barge for receiving an axle and drive means for moving said barge about said axle. 9. A method for operating a power plant comprising a salt gradient solar pond employing a heat engine in conjunction with a photovoltaic concentrator solar cell array mounted on a barge floated in said pond, said method comprising: measuring a temperature representative of the temperature difference between the heat source temperature at the inlet to said heat engine receiving heat from the lower level of said salt pond and the heat sink inlet to the heat engine from the cooler; combining heat derived from the cooling of concentrator solar cell array with the heat available from said pond and using said combined heat to raise the temperature of the working fluid for said heat engine; and adjusting the rate of flow of a cooling fluid for said concentrator solar cell array responsive to said temperature measurement in order to control the rate at which heat from said concentrator solar cell array is combined with heat available from said pond. 