A plurality of individually adjustable flat mirrors on a common bed of a solar collector assembly reflect the sun's rays into a tubular collector where water is converted to steam for selectively either driving a motor of refrigeration system which cools a cool water tank or directly heating a hot water tank. Coils in the cool water tank supply coolant for room heat exchangers. The exhaust of the motor heats the hot water tank and is then recirculated to produce more steam. Coils in the hot water tank preheat tap water for a hot water heater and other coils therein supply heat for the room heat exchanger. The mirrors are in rows and are individually swivelly mounted and the frame of the collector assembly is pivotally mounted to track the sun. The collector assembly pivots about two divergent axes to track the sun and is counter balanced with respect to both axes.
Claims I claim: 1. In an apparatus for collecting solar energy of the type having a hot box against which the rays of the sun are reflected, the combination therewith of a plurality of flat mirrors spaced from and arranged around an axis extending between said mirrors and said hot box, said mirrors being in a plane generally perpendicular to said axis, a plurality of said mirrors being longitudinally adjacent to each other, a plurality of said mirrors being transversely adjacent to each other and a bed below said mirrors, said bed including means for individually supporting and permitting longitudinal and transverse adjustment of the position of each of said mirrors for assuring that said mirrors respectively individually reflect the rays of the sun toward said hot box, said means including a plurality of rods, a plurality of bolts passing through said rods and extending toward said hot box, swivel elements on the upper ends of said bolts for respectively supporting the lower central portion of each mirror for tiltably mounting the mirrors respectively on their bolts, said swivel elements each including a flat plate supporting each mirror, said plate being provided with a central recessed portion and a hole through the recessed portion, and a pair of curved washers on opposite sides of said hole, said bolt extending through said hole and said washers and having a bolt head within said recessed portion. 2. The apparatus defined in claim 1 wherein said rods are hollow tubular pipes. 3. Apparatus for collecting solar energy comprising: (a) a mounting frame; (b) a pair of spaced aligned first journal means carried by said frame; (c) first pivot means carried by said first journal means for pivoting about a first axis; (d) a second pivot means journalled by said second journal means for rotating about a second axis transversely of said first axis; said second pivot means extending laterally in a direction away from said first pivot means; (e) control means for respectively incrementally rotating in both directions said first pivot means and said second pivot means; (f) a collector assembly frame connected to said second pivot means, said collector assembly frame including: (i) a reflector bed disposed along said second axis; and (ii) a hot box support secured by its lower end portion to said reflector bed, said support projecting above said reflector bed; (g) a collector mounted on the upper end of said hot box support; (h) a plurality of individual reflective mirrors for said reflector bed; (i) mounting means for adjustably mounting each of said mirrors on said reflector bed for reflecting the sun rays from said mirrors toward said hot box; and (j) circulation means for circulating a heat exchange fluid through said hot box for being heated by the reflected rays of the sun. 4. The apparatus for collecting solar energy defined in claim 3 wherein said collector assembly frame is spaced laterally from said first axis so as to pivot without passing through said first axis. 5. The apparatus for collecting solar energy defined in claim 3 including a counterweight disposed laterally on the opposite side of said first axis from said collector assembly frame, said counterweight counterbalancing the weight of said collector assembly frame so that the weights on opposite sides of said first axis are generally balanced. 6. The apparatus for collecting solar energy defined in claim 5 wherein said first axis is below said second axis. 7. The apparatus for collecting solar energy defined in claim 3 wherein each of said mounting means includes a plate for supporting said mirror, said plate having a concaved portion provided with a central opening, a bolt protruding through said opening and received by said bed, and clamping means on said bolt for clamping the concaved portion of said plate when said bolt is tightened. 8. The apparatus for collecting solar energy defined in claim 3 wherein said reflector bed includes a plurality of spaced parallel rods and wherein said mounting means includes a plurality of bolts passing axially through said rods for mounting said mirrors in rows along the upper surface of said bolts. 9. The apparatus for collecting solar energy defined in claim 8 wherein said collector bed includes a plurality of racks surrounding groups of said rods, said bed including a frame and means for removably securing said racks to the frame of said bed. 10. The apparatus for collecting solar energy defined in claim 3 wherein said hot box includes a cover, a tubular collector disposed in said cover, said tubular collector having an open lower end exposed to receive said reflected rays of the sun, means closing the upper end of said tubular collector, said tubular collector and said cover defining, therebetween, a chamber through which said heat exchange fluid is circulated by said circulation means. 11. The apparatus for collecting solar energy defined in claim 3 including power means for pivoting said first pivot means and said second pivot means, said power means being adapted to point the solar collector at the sun during the sun's travel across the sky. 12. The apparatus for collecting solar energy defined in claim 11 including a citing tube mounted on said collector assembly frame, said tube being open at its upper end and a photocensor disposed in the lower end of said tube for sensing when said tube is pointing at the sun and means connected between said photo sensor and said control means for automatically pointing said collector assembly frame at the sun. 13. The apparatus defined in claim 3 wherein in said heat exchange fluid is water and said circulation means includes a steam motor, a hot water tank and means for selectively directing said steam to said steam motor or to said hot water tank, and a refrigeration system driven by said steam motor. 14. The apparatus defined in claim 13 including a cold water tank said refrigeration system being connected to said cold water tank. 15. The apparatus defined in claim 14 including a heat exchanger, coil means connected to said cold water tank, coil means connected to said hot water tank and valve means for selectively connecting the coil means of the cold water tank or the coil means of the hot water tank to said heat exchanger. 16. The apparatus defined in claim 15 including a hot water heater, a preheater for said hot water heater, said preheater being disposed in said hot water tank and conduit means for supplying water from a source of water through said hot water preheater to said hot water heater. 