An all season window includes a rectilinear peripherally extending pane mounting frame. Three panes of transparent material are secured sealingly within the frame in parallel spaced relationship and extend vertically. A solar heat ray absorbent material is contained within the frame. In one preferred form of the invention the solar heat ray absorbent material is a liquid. A pump and associated motor is provided for pumping the solar heat ray absorbent liquid between a first location in which it fills the region between the outer and intermediate panes and a second location in which the liquid fills the region between the inner and intermediate panes. In its described first location solar heat rays are absorbed by the liquid and a dead air space between the liquid and the closed environment sought to be provided with climatic control inhibits conduction of heat to such closed environment while the liquid conducts heat received thereby due to solar radiation through the outer pane to the outside environment. Such an arrangement of the solar heat ray absorbent material within the pane mounting frame is desirable during summer months. During winter months when it is desirable to minimize a loss of heat from the closed environment the solar heat ray absorbent material is moved to the region beween the inner pane and the intermediate pane.
Claims Having thus set forth the nature of the invention, what is claimed herein is: 1. An all season window comprising: a peripherally extending pane mounting frame mounting said window in an exterior wall of a structure having an interior space; first, second and third panes of essentially rigid transparent sheet material mounted sealingly and fixedly within said frame in spaced parallel relationship each to the other, said second pane being interposed between said first and third panes; a discrete amount of solar heat ray absorbent material maintained either at a first location between said first and second panes to provide insulation from solar heat of said interior space or at a second location between said second and third panes to provide solar heat to said interior, said discrete amount being sufficient to substantially fill only one of said locations at a time; and means for selectively moving said solar heat ray absorbent material between said first and second locations. 2. A window according to claim 1, including a second frame peripherally enclosing at least the upper and lower portions of said pane mounting frame, said second frame including first and second releasably connectable sections. 3. A window according to claim 2, including through bolt means extendable through said first and second sections for connecting said first and second sections along a plane which extends generally parallel to the said planes. 4. A window according to claim 1, 2 or 3, wherein said solar heat ray absorbent material comprises a liquid. 5. A window according to claim 2 or 3, wherein said pane mounting frame and said second frame define hollow compartments therebetween at the upper and lower portions of said frames, said pane mounting frame having formed therein horizontally extending slots in alignment with each of the regions between the panes and having lengths substantially coextensive with the width of said second pane, said slots penetrating said pane mounting frame to provide openings communicating the upper compartment with the upper portions of the regions between the panes and the lower compartment with the lower portions of the regions between the panes, and including a flexible sheet of solar heat ray absorbent material positioned for movement through said slots between selected ones of said panes. 6. A window according to claim 5, including roller means mounted rotatably within said upper and lower compartments, said sheet material having a width less than said slots and an area which is substantially equal to that of said second pane carried by said rollers for movement through said slots in threaded manner, said sheet material being formed of a solar heat ray absorbent material. 7. A window according to claim 6, wherein said sheet is connected at its opposed horizontal edges to at least two string-like elements to thereby form a closed loop. 8. A window according to claim 7, wherein said string-like elements are positioned laterally along said sheet so as not to be visible when viewing through said panes. 9. A window according to claim 7, including a bracket member positioned within said upper compartment for supporting each end of the roller means therein in vertically guided fashion, each said bracket member thus being provided with a vertical slot, the ends of said roller means being slidable within said slots, spring means being secured within said upper compartment adjacent each said bracket member cooperable with the respective ends of said roller means for biasing same to maintain predetermined longitudinal tension on said loop. 10. A window according to claim 7, including transversely extending stiffening means for said string-like elements to prevent longitudinal bowing of the loop. 11. A window according to claim 6, including a gear wheel carried by said lower roller means, a drive motor, a flexible cable drivable by said motor having a worm gear at the end thereof remote from the motor and cooperable with said wheel gear for driving the lower roller means. 12. A window according to claim 6, wherein said second frame hermetically seals said pane mounting frame and an inert gas is maintained within the system comprising said compartments and the regions between said panes. 13. A window according to claim 7, including transverse stiffening elements carried by said sheet at the opposed horizontal end portions thereof, said string-like elements being secured to attachment members which are in turn secured to said stiffening elements, sensor switch means being provided cooperable with said attachment members and adapted to generate a signal when said sheet is not in correct disposition relative to said panes. 14. An all season window comprising: a peripherally extending pane mounting frame mounting said window in an exterior wall of a structure having an interior space; first, second and third panes of essentially rigid transparent sheet material mounted sealingly and fixedly within said frame in spaced parallel relationship each to the other, said second pane being interposed between said first and third panes; a discrete amount of solar heat ray absorbent material maintained either at a first location between said first and second panes to provide insulation from solar heat of said interior space or at a second location between said second and third panes to provide solar heat to said interior, said discrete amount being sufficient to substantially fill only one of said locations at a time; and means for selectively moving said solar heat ray absorbent material between said first and second locations; said solar heat ray absorbent material comprising a liquid; said means for moving said solar heat absorbent material comprises a pump, motor means, a first conduit connecting said first location to said pump and a second conduit connecting said second location to said pump. 15. A window according to claim 14, including a second set of first and second conduits communicating respectively at one of the ends thereof with the respective regions between said first and second panes and between said second and third panes, a by-pass overflow conduit being connected between the other ends of said conduits, said second set of conduits extending through the upper portion of said pane mounting frame into the upper portions of said regions, said first set of conduits extending through the lower portion of said pane mounting frame into the lower portions of said regions. 16. A window according to claim 15, including a limit switch having sensors operably associated with said second set of conduits and with said motor means for deactivation of the motor means upon the pumping of said solar heat ray absorbent material to a predetermined level within one of the regions between said panes. 17. A window according to claim 14, wherein said first set of conduits include relatively rigid conduits mounted in said pane mounting frame and flexible tubing connected between said rigid conduits and said pump. 18. A window according to claim 14, 15, 16 or 17, wherein said motor means comprises a reversible electric motor. 