A solar heating system for preheating water which may be used in conjunction with an existing hot water heater. The use of potable water as the heating fluid renders the use of a heat exchanger unit unnecessary. A novel collector unit is disclosed which includes a molded plastic collector frame with integral fluid passageway and a thermally compatible absorber plate bonded to the frame. The use of thermally compatible collector components serves to minimize bondline strains due to uneven thermal expansion of the materials. Reliable and continuous operation of the system is, therefore, possible over a wide range of temperature conditions. Diagonally opposite standoff regions provide even liquid flow across the collector surface regardless of which way the collector is turned. The durable unitized collector design eliminates the need for frame members, additional fluid conduits, specially manufactured collector plates and multiple collector sealing layers. The invention provides an exceptionally low cost, material intensive solar heating system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar collector assembly of thermally compatible material operable over wide temperature variations and having fluid input and output ports comprising: a molded one piece collector assembly frame having oblique, depending side walls and a ribbed upper surface forming a plurality of passages in said upper ribbed surface; an absorber plate of material thermally compatible with said frame bonded to said frame on said ribbed surface to be contiguous to said upper ribbed surface such that capillary passages are formed between said frame and plate with a leakproof seal formed therewith; an input passageway internal to said frame extending from the input port of said frame to said capillary passages so as to place said absorber plate in fluid communication with the input port; an outlet passageway integral to said frame and connecting said capillary passages to the output port to permit the flow of fluid from said capillary passages; an interior cavity integral to said frame being defined by a bottom surface and the side walls of said frame; a transparent molded collector assembly cover detachably mounted to said frame to enclose the upper surface of said frame; mounting means attachable to the surface of said cover for securing said cover to said collector assembly frame, and high temperature insulation material in said interior cavity and contacting the bottom surface of said frame. 2. The assembly of claim 1 wherein said absorber plate is secured to said frame by means of continuous bonding along their common surfaces. 3. The assembly of claim 1 wherein said absorber plate is coated on its upper surface with a selective film to enhance solar energy absorption and retention. 4. The assembly of claim 1 wherein said mounting means comprises a plastic snap fixed to the surface of said cover and receivable by an opening in the side walls of said frame. 5. The assembly of claim 1 wherein said input and output passageways connect to an interior manifold passageway through said interior cavity which terminates at the side walls of said frame to permit simple interconnection of multiple assembly units. 6. The assembly of claim 1 wherein said insulating material is isocyanurate foam. 7. The assembly of claim 1 wherein said absorber plate and said assembly frame are comprised of thermally compatible materials which expand evenly to minimize thermal stress therebetween. 8. The assembly of claim 1 wherein said absorber plate and said assembly frame are composed of thermally compatible plastic materials. 9. A plastic solar collector assembly operable over wide temperature variations and having fluid input and output ports comprising: a molded plastic one piece collector frame having oblique side walls and a ribbed surface forming a plurality of passages between the ribs of the ribbed surface; a plastic absorber plate thermally compatible with and bonded to said frame contiguous to the ribbed surface such that capillary passages are formed with a leakproof seal therebetween: an input passageway integral to said frame extending from the input port of said frame to said capillary passages so as to place said absorber plate in fluid communication with the input port; an outlet passageway integral to said frame and connecting said capillary passages to the output port to permit the flow of the fluid from said capillary passages; an interior cavity prescribed by said frame being defined by a bottom surface and the side walls of said frame; a transparent molded cover for said frame to enclose the upper surface of said frame over said plate; mounting means attachable to said cover for securing said cover to said collector frame; and high temperature insulation material in said interior cavity and contacting the bottom surface and side walls of said frame. 10. A plastic solar collector assembly operable over wide temperature variations and having fluid input and output ports said assembly comprising: a molded one piece plastic collector frame having oblique, depending side walls and a partially ribbed upper surface forming a plurality of passages between the ribs of the upper ribbed surface, said ribbed upper surface having first and second unribbed stand-off regions in communication with said capillary passages, said regions being operative to allow even fluid distribution among said passages; a plastic absorber plate thermally compatible with and bonded to said frame about said upper ribbed surface and to said ribs to form capillary passages with a leakproof seal formed therebetween: an input passageway integral to said frame connecting the input port of said frame to said first stand-off region so as to place said absorber plate in fluid communication with the input port; an outlet passageway integral to said frame and connecting said seconds stand-off region to the output port to permit the flow of fluid from said capillary passages; an interior cavity prescribed by said frame being under a bottom surface and between the side walls of said frame; a transparent collector assembly cover for mounting to said frame to enclose an area above the upper surface of said from; mounting means between said cover and the side walls of said frame for securing said cover to said collector frame; and high temperature insulation material in said interior cavity and contacting the bottom surface of said frame. 11. The assembly of claim 10 wherein said first and second standoff regions have a decreasing width in relationship to the distance from the connecting passageway. 12. The assembly of claim 10 wherein said first and second standoff regions are substantially triangular in shape. 13. The assembly of claim 10 wherein said input and output passageways connect to diagonally opposite corner portions of said upper surface. 