In a stack of diodes forming a vertical multijunction photovoltaic cell, an inversely connected diode is firmly secured to this stack with possible insertion of a intermediate wafer made from a conducting material.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a process for mounting a protection diode on a vertical multijunction photovoltaic cell structure comprising the steps of (a) stacking photovoltaic diode wafers having the same orientation, (b) securing them firmly to each other and (c) cutting them into bars perpendicular to the direction of the wafers, the improvement comprising essentially and in combination with steps (a), (b) and (c), before the cutting step, the additional steps of (b') disposing on the stack a diode wafer having the reverse polarity of that of the other diodes and (b") securing this diode to the stack. 2. The improved process as claimed in claim 1, wherein there is further provided a step of inserting a conducting wafer between the photo-voltaic diode stack and the reversely connected diode. 3. The improved process as claimed in claim 2, wherein the step of inserting a conducting wafer comprises the step of inserting a conducting wafer formed from heavily doped silicon. 4. The improved process as claimed in claims 1, 2 or 3, wherein the step (b') comprises the step of disposing on the stack a reversely connected diode wafer that is identical to the other wafers of the stack. 5. An integrated photovoltaic cell of the vertical multijunction type in the form of a bar comprising: a photovoltaic diode stack, and a reversely connected diode integral with the other diodes. 6. An integrated photovoltaic cell, comprising: a plurality of elementary diode wafers, all having the same polarity orientation and stacked so that they are electrically joined in series to form a photovoltaic vertical multi-junction stack having two faces; and a protection diode integrally connected to the stack at one of its two faces and oriented so that its polarity is opposite to that of the stacked diodes. 7. A cell according to claim 6 wherein the diode wafers are substantially identical to one another and the protection diode is substantially identical to those of the stack even though it is attached to a face of the stack with an orientation to produce an opposite polarity to the stacked diode wafers. 8. A cell according to claim 6 or 7 further including a conducting wafer between the photovoltaic stack and the protection diode. 9. A cell according to claim 8 wherein the conducting wafer comprises a heavily doped silicon wafer. 10. A method for forming a protected photovoltaic stack, comprising the steps of: forming a plurality of diode wafers; stacking the diode wafers so that they have the same orientation and form a vertical multi-junction stack; securing the stacked diode wafers to one another so that they are electrically connected in series with one another; disposing on the stack an additional diode wafer oriented so that it has a polarity opposite to those of the stacked diodes and firmly securing this additional diode to a face of the stack to form a diode protected stack; and cutting the diode protected stack into bars perpendicular to the direction of the stacked wafers. 11. A method according to claim 10 wherein the step of disposing includes the step of disposing a conducting wafer between the stacked diode wafers and the additional diode wafer. 12. A method according to claim 10 or 11 wherein the step of disposing includes the step of disposing on the stack an additional diode wafer that is substantially identical to the stacked diode wafers. 