Disclosed is apparatus for collecting solar energy with means of producing electricity by concentrating solar energy on sets of photovoltaic cells to be either positioned at high altitudes and which may be fitted to balloons or to structures floating on water.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for collecting solar energy comprising a collector means including a plurality of photovoltaic cells; at least one concentrator having a plurality of lenses disposed in spaced relation to said collector means; means for positioning said collector means and said concentrator at high altitudes above the earth; and means for moving at least said lenses along a sinuous curved path independently of said photovoltaic cells and of said positioning means to track the sun. 2. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said means is an airship. 3. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said means is at least one balloon. 4. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said means is a satellite Solar Power Station (SSPS) located in the orbit and synchronized with the earth's rotation. 5. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said means is a Balloon Power Station (BPS) lifted and held in the atmosphere at selected altitudes by at least 1 static balloon. 6. An apparatus as set forth in claim 5 where said balloon is held by at least one cable connected to the earth. 7. An apparatus as per claim 6 with means to transmit the electricity to the power station on earth by electric insulated cables. 8. An apparatus as set forth in claim 4 or 5 with means for dissipating heat generated in said photovoltaic cell. 9. Apparatus as set forth in claim 5 which further comprises sets of plastic tubes containing a lighter than air gas, flexible connections holding said tubes together and balast containers for filling and emptying with water to change the altitude of said balloon. 10. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 which further comprises a transmission means for transmitting electricity from said cell to earth. 11. An apparatus as set forth in claim 10 wherein said transmission means transmits electricity by microwaves. 12. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said means for moving comprises sinusoidal rails on which said lenses are disposed to move. 13. In combination, a navigable balloon; at least one electric motor mounted on said balloon for propelling said balloon; and an apparatus mounted on said balloon for collecting and converting solar energy into electrical energy, said apparatus including a collector means including a plurality of photovoltaic cells connected to said motor to deliver electrical energy thereto, at least one concentrator having a plurality of lenses disposed in spaced relation to said collector means for concentrating a plurality of solar rays onto said photovoltaic cells, and means for moving at least said lenses along a sinuous curved path independently of said photovoltaic cells and said balloon to track the sun. 14. The combination as set forth in claim 13 wherein said collector means includes transparent tube and a plurality of said photovoltaic cells within said tube. 15. The combination as set forth in claim 13 in which said balloon comprises a plurality of transparent bags of helium disposed between said concentrator and said cells whereby heating of the helium in said bags in heat transfer relation with said cells causes an increase in volume of the helium and a corresponding increase in lifting capacity of said balloon. 16. The combination as set forth in claim 13 which further comprises a fuel engine mounted on said balloon for propelling said balloon in an alternating manner with said electric motor. 17. The combination as set forth in claim 13 which further comprises a plurality of lightweight electric batteries supported on said balloon and connected to said photovoltaic cells to receive and store electricity produced in said cells. 18. The combination as set forth in claim 13 which further comprises a structure mounting said apparatus thereon, said balloon including a plurality of bags of helium inserted in an envelope at selected positions to support said structure at high altitude. 19. The combination as set forth in claim 18 which further comprises means to mount said structure in an outer part of said balloon at a lower part than the other parts of said balloon. 20. Apparatus as set forth in claim 18 which further comprises a flexible electric cable for transmitting electricity from a ground station to said structure to drive said electric motors to maintain said balloon mostly stationary to counteract winds especially during hours without sun. 21. Apparatus as set forth claim 18 in which said balloon comprises flexible plastic film envelopes containing a gas lighter than air to allow the expansion of the gas when lifting said balloon and contractions of the gas when descending. 22. Apparatus as set forth in claim 18 which further comprises means to pump water through a flexible tube from ground to said balloon and means to direct water from said balloon to ground. 23. Apparatus as set forth in claim 18 which further comprises means to use the altitude between the balloon and the ground to produce hydro-electric power on the ground. 24. The combination as set forth in claim 18 which further comprises means to convert the electrical energy produced in said apparatus into microwaves for transmission to earth and subsequent conversion of the microwaves into electricity. 25. The combination as set foth in claim 13 wherein said means for moving comprises sinusoidal rails on which said lenses are disposed to move. 26. In combination, a first balloon adapted to be filled with a lighter than air gas; an apparatus mounted on said first balloon for collecting and converting solar energy into electrical energy, said apparatus including a collector means including a plurality of photovoltaic cells for converting radiant energy into electricity and at least one concentrator having a plurality of lenses disposed in spaced relation to said collector means for concentrating a plurality of solar rays onto said photovoltaic cells; means for moving at least said lenses along a sinuous curved path independently of said photovoltaic cells and said first balloon to track the sun; a second balloon filled with a lighter than air gas and being of smaller size than said first balloon; an electric motor mounted on said second balloon for propelling said second balloon, said motor being connected to said cells to receive electricity therefrom; and means connecting said second balloon to said first balloon for towing of said first balloon behind said second balloon. 27. A combination as set forth in claim 26 wherein said first balloon is filled with natural gas. 28. The combination as set forth in claim 26 which further comprises means for filling and emptying said first balloon with gas. 29. The combination as set forth in claim 26 which includes a plurality of said electric motors on said second balloon. 30. Apparatus as set forth in claim 26 further comprising an envelope mounted on said balloon and having a plurality of flexible tubes therein and means for filling or emptying gas and/or water into or from said flexible tubes. 31. The combination as set forth in claim 26 wherein said means for moving comprises sinusoidal rails on which said lenses are disposed to move. 32. An apparatus for collecting solar energy comprising a collector means including a plurality of photovoltaic cells for producing electricity; at least one concentrator having a plurality of lenses disposed in spaced relation to said collector means; means for positioning said collector means and said concentrator at an elevated position to permit cooling of said cells by cool air; and means for automatically moving said lenses independently of said means for positioning and said photovoltaic cells to track the sun, said means for moving including a plurality of sinusoidal rails for guiding said lenses thereon along a sinusoidal path. 33. An apparatus as set forth in claim 32 wherein said latter means is a balloon and which further comprises means for directing said balloon in a given direction. 34. An apparatus as set forth in claim 33 wherein said means for directing includes a rudder and directing sidewings. 