The invention is a multiple-mode energy utilization device combining elements which extract solar energy, those which utilize wind energy, and those utilizing rising convection currents caused by heated air. In one principal embodiment, a wind rotor on a vertical axis is provided with solar cells on its surfaces and a heat conductive axle in direct contact with a hot water tank in which there are paddle blades for pumping and frictionally stirring water or other fluid, and an electric heater in the water to utilize extra energy from the electric generator run by the shaft as well as the solar cells, which electrical energy would ordinarily charge storage batteries unless such charge was not needed which would cause the water heater to energize. Additional rotational and heat energy are generated by a hood disposed beneath the rotor which houses a heat sink which passes therethrough hot updrafts from a flat plate collector on which the rotor is mounted, as well as water from the flat plate collector to provide additional heat to the flat plate system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A wind rotor comprising: (a) a heat-conductive rotary shaft; (b) heat conductive wind vanes extending from said shaft to deliver absorbed solar heat to said shaft; and (c) heat accumulation means operative with said shaft to collect the heat delivered therefrom. 2. Structure according to claim 1 wherein said heat accumulation means comprises a fluid-filled tank adjacent one end of said shaft, there being heat-conductive structure integral with one end of said shaft and contacting fluid in said tank. 3. Structure according to claim 2 wherein said shaft is hollow and said heat accumulation means comprises at least in part fluid disposed in said shaft. 4. Structure according to claim 3 wherein said shaft drains into a stationary cylindrical tank coaxial with one end of said shaft and having a peripheral outlet, said shaft mounting a plurality of radial blades disposed in said tank to define a centrifugal pump to draw fluid through said shaft and deliver same out said outlet. 5. Structure according to claim 4 and including electrical heating elements mounted in said tank with a source of electricity to serve as a supplemental fluid heater. 6. Structure according to claim 5 wherein said source of electricity comprises a generator operated by said shaft. 7. Structure according to claim 5 wherein said source of electricity comprises photovoltaic cells mounted on said vanes. 