A photoluminescent dye is suspended in a transparent medium. When exposed to light, the dye re-emits light in a narrow frequency range. Photovoltaic cells responsive to the re-emitted light are arranged around the sides of the collector medium, and are electrically connected to a low power demand device, such as a calculator. A reflective surface is placed next to the collector medium and kept a slight distance away such that an air gap is formed between the collector and the reflective surface. This gap increases the efficiency of the collector to the point that the collector will operate a small calculator even though exposed to low light levels such as are normal in an office environment.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus comprising: a. a photoluminescent collector having opposed, substantially parallel first and second main surfaces bounded by at least one edge surface; b. a photovoltaic cell for generating electric power optically coupled to said edge surface of said collector; c. a reflective face located in contact with said first main surface of said collector but separated therefrom by the normal roughness of said face to provide an air gap; d. means for receiving said electric power; and e. means for mounting and electrical interconnection of said apparatus. 2. A light collector and concentrator comprising: a. a photoluminescent collector having opposed, substantially parallel first and second main surfaces bounded by at least one edge surface; b. a reflective face located in contact with said first main surface of said photoluminescent collector but separated therefrom by the normal roughness of said reflective face to provide an air gap; and c. means optically coupled to said edge surface for converting light received from said edge surface into electric power. 3. A light collector and concentrator as in claim 2, wherein said means for converting light into electric power is comprised of photovoltaic solar cells. 4. A light powered electric apparatus comprising: a. an electrically powered device; b. a light collector and concentrator including a photoluminescent collector having opposed first and second main surfaces bounded by at least one edge surface and a reflective face located in contact with said first main surface but separated therefrom by the normal roughness of said reflective face to provide an air gap; c. means optically coupled to said edge surface for converting light received from said edge surface into electric power; d. means for attaching said light collector and concentrator to said electric device; and e. means for electrically interconnecting said light converting means to said electric device. 5. A light powered electric apparatus as in claim 4, wherein said means for attaching said collector to said electric device is comprised of a folder, said folder being operable to turn said device on when opened, and off when closed. 6. A light powered electric apparatus as in claim 4, wherein said means for interconnecting said light converting means to said electric device is comprised of an electrically conductive strip, said strip being capable of being bent or folded without being damaged. 7. A light powered electric apparatus as in claim 4, wherein said electric device is an electronic calculator. 8. A light powered electric apparatus as in claim 4, wherein said electric device is an electronic clock. 