A rack for supportively mounting a solar collector to a mounting surface to set the angle of tilt with respect to the sun. One end of the rack is adapted to provide predominant support of the collector, while the other end is height adjustable to provide the proper angle and to accept tension and/or compression due to wind leading.
Claims What I claim is: 1. In combination with a solar collector and a support surface therefor, a rack for mounting the collector at an angle to the horizontal to receive solar radiation, said rack comprising first and second independent support assemblies, said first support assembly having a first pair of spaced apart leg members with a first support member extending between the upper ends thereof, said leg members having flange members rigidly connected on the lower ends thereof for attaching said leg members to the support surface essentially perpendicular thereto and in fixed relation therewith, said leg members including means for varying the length thereof, said second support assembly comprising a second pair of spaced apart leg members with second elongated support member extending therebetween, flange members rigidly connected on the lower ends of said second leg members for attaching said second legs to the support surface essentially perpendicular to the support surface and in fixed relation therewith, said first and second support assemblies, being spaced apart with said support members in essentially parallel relationship, and means secured to said collector adjacent opposite ends thereof and rotatably connected to each of said support members. 2. The rack of claim 1 wherein each of said leg members of said first assembly comprise first and second elongated sections with said first elongated section slidably receiving said second elongated section and means for selectively securing said first elongated section to said second elongated section to vary the height of said first support member. 3. The rack of claim 2 wherein said means for selectively securing comprises a plurality of apertures through said first elongated section, a plurality of apertures through said second elongated section, and stop means for insertion through respective aligned apertures of said first and second elongated sections. 4. The rack of claim 1 wherein said flange members on said first leg members have two fastener receiving apertures therethrough in alignment with said support on each of said first legs. 5. The rack of claim 1 wherein said first support member is a rod, and said means secured to said collector is an arcuate clamp member selectively rotatably mounted to said first support member and has an extended portion for connection to the upper end of a collector. 6. The rack of claim 5 wherein said second support member comprises a second elongated rod parallel to said rod of said first assembly, and said means secured to said collector is a second arcuate clamp member selectively rotatably mounted to said second elongated rod, said second clamp member having an extended portion adapted for connection to the lower end of a solar collector. 7. The rack of claim 1 wherein said second support member is an elongated rod member, said means secured to said collector is a clamp member selectively rotatably mounted to said rod member and having an extended portion for connection to the lower end of the solar collector. 8. The rack of claim 1 wherein said flange members have four symmetrically disposed fastener receiving apertures about each leg. 9. In combination with a solar collector and a support surface therefor, a rack for mounting the collector at an angle to the horizontal to receive solar radiation, said rack comprising first and second independent support assemblies, said first support assembly having a first pair of spaced apart leg members with a first support member extending between the upper ends thereof, said leg members having flange members rigidly connected on the lower ends therefor for attaching said leg members to the support surface essentially perpendicular thereto and in fixed relation therewith, said leg members including means for varying the length thereof, said second support assembly comprising a second elongated support member, means on the second support member for attaching said support assembly to said support surface with the attachment means thereof essentially perpendicular to the support surface and in fixed relation therewith, said second support assembly providing a convex surface to provide attachment of a collector thereto at a selected angular position, means for attaching the lower end of a collector to said convex surface at a selected angular relation, and means secured to said collector adjacent the upper ends thereof and rotatably connected to said first support member. 10. The rack of claim 9, wherein said second assembly comprises a member having spaced apart flanges for attachment to the support surface and said convex surface is therebetween. 