A display assembly is provided which most desirably comprises a lamp mobile having a base, a d.c. motor mounted within the base with a shaft extending outwardly from it, and the mobile mounted to the shaft. The interconnection between the mobile and the shaft can be a curved distal end of the shaft engaging an abutment surface of a similar radius of curvature formed within a body member of the mobile, with the shaft loosely received by the mobile, so that the mobile will rotate at a slower speed than the shaft. The base is screw-threaded onto the top of a cylindrical projection from a lamp harp, and a solar cell which powers the d.c. motor is also mounted to the lamp so that it receives light from the lamp light bulb. A pair of planar portions, one received by the lamp socket and the other mounting the solar cell, and interconnected by a hinge, may be utilized to properly position the cell to receive light from the lamp. The mobile includes a rod mounted at its central portion to the mobile body member, with a weight mounted to one end of the rod and a display item, such as an airplane model, mounted to the other end of the rod. Cooperating magnets disposed on the rod and base can cause the plane to move up and down as it rotates.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An assembly comprising: a base; a d.c. motor mounted with said base and having a shaft extending outwardly therefrom, the shaft having a distal curved end having a given radius of curvature, and the shaft having a first predetermined cross-sectional area adjacent said distal end; a solar cell; means electrically interconnecting said solar cell and said d.c. motor; and a display member including a mounting means, said mounting means including: a body member, means defining a bore in said body member having a second cross-sectional area greater than said first cross-sectional area and dimensioned to loosely receive said motor shaft therein, and a termination of said bore comprising a curved abutment surface having generally about the same radius of curvature as said motor shaft. 2. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said display member comprises a rod, a weight mounted to one end of said rod, and a display item mounted to the other end of said rod; and means for mounting said rod to said body member. 3. An assembly as recited in claim 2 wherein said means for mounting said rod to said body member comprises means for mounting said rod to said body member, and wherein said rod and weight are so shaped and dimensioned, so that the center of gravity of said rod-weight-display item system is closer to said d.c. motor than is the area of interengagement between said motor shaft distal curved end and said curved abutment surface. 4. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said body member comprises a pair of metal eyelets. 5. An assembly as recited in claims 2 or 3 wherein said base includes means for attaching it to a lamp harp. 6. An assembly as recited in claim 5 wherein said means for attaching said base to a lamp harp comprises an interiorly screw-threaded passage-defining member, opposite the motor shaft, for cooperating with an upstanding exteriorly threaded cylinder at the top of a lamp harp. 7. An assembly as recited in claim 5 further comprising means for mounting said solar cell to the lamp so that the cell will receive light from a bulb associated with the lamp. 8. An assembly as recited in claim 5 further comprising a light bulb-receiving socket associated with the lamp harp; and means for mounting said solar cell to said socket, said means comprising: a base member having a first portion with a bore formed therein and frictionally engaging said socket as said socket passes through said bore; a second portion of said base member for mounting said solar cell therein on a portion thereof facing a light bulb received by said socket when said first portion receives said socket; and hinge means for mounting said first and second portions of said base member together to allow the relative angular orientation therebetween to be adjusted with said portions maintained in whatever relative angular orientation they have been moved to. 9. An assembly as recited in claims 2 or 3 wherein said means for mounting said rod to said body member comprises a spring clip formed with said body member. 10. An assembly as recited in claims 2 or 3 wherein said body member is made, at least in part, of metal; and wherein said rod is metal; and wherein said means for mounting said rod to said body member comprises solder. 11. An assembly as recited in claim 2 wherein said rod is metal, and wherein said weight comprises a metal ball; and further comprising solder interconnecting said ball and rod adjacent one end of said rod with said rod tangential to said ball. 12. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said shaft distal end comprises part of an extension member having one end thereof opposite said shaft distal end tightly engaging a shaft component of said d.c. motor. 13. A lamp mobile assembly comprising: a base; a d.c. motor mounted with said base and having a shaft extending outwardly therefrom; a mobile means comprising a shaft-receiving body member, a rod mounted to the body member, a weight mounted to one end of said rod, and a display item mounted to the other end of said rod; means for mounting said base to a lamp harp; a solar cell; means for electrically interconnecting said solar cell and said d.c. motor; and means for causing said display item to move in a dimension generally parallel to said shaft one or more times during rotation thereof about said base when powered by said d.c. motor, comprising a magnet mounted to said rod between said display item and said body member, and a magnet mounted to said base. 14. An assembly as recited in claim 2 further comprising means for causing said display item to move in a dimension generally parallel to said shaft one or more times during rotation thereof about said base when powered by said d.c. motor. 15. An assembly as recited in claim 14 wherein said display item moving means comprises a magnet mounted to said rod between said display item and said body member, and a magnet mounted to said base. 16. An assembly as recited in claim 13 wherein said means for attaching said base to a lamp harp comprises an interiorly screw-threaded passage-defining member, opposite the motor shaft, for cooperating with an upstanding exteriorly threaded cylinder at the top of a lamp harp. 17. An assembly as recited in claim 13 wherein said rod is metal, and wherein said weight comprises a metal ball; and further comprising solder interconnecting said ball and rod adjacent one end of said rod with said rod tangential to said ball. 18. An assembly as recited in claim 13 further comprising means for mounting said solar cell to the lamp so that the cell will receive light from a bulb associated with the lamp. 19. An assembly as recited in claim 18 wherein said means for mounting said solar cell to the lamp comprises means for mounting said cell directly to said lamp harp. 20. An assembly as recited in claim 13 wherein said d.c. motor includes gear reduction means contained within said base for reducing the output speed of said shaft vis-a-vis said motor. 21. An assembly as recited in claim 20 wherein two output shafts extend outwardly from said base, each output shaft extending outwardly from a different portion of said gear reduction means so that each output shaft rotates at a different speed. 22. An assembly as recited in claim 13 further comprising a substantially planar air-drag member mounted to said rod for increasing the air resistance of said mobile means as it rotates, and therefore reducing the speed of rotation thereof. 23. An assembly as recited in claim 22 further comprising a slip connection provided between said shaft and said mobile means shaft-receiving body member. 24. An assembly for mounting a solar cell to a light bulb receiving socket, comprising: a body member having first and second substantially planar portions; means defining a bore in said first body portion dimensioned to receive said socket therein, frictionally engaging said socket as it passes through the bore; a solar cell mounted to said second body portion on a face thereof closest to a light bulb when received by said socket; and hinge means interconnecting said first and second body portions for allowing the relative angular orientation therebetween to be adjusted, with said portions maintained in whatever relative angular orientation they have been moved to. 25. An assembly as recited in claim 24 wherein said body member and hinge means comprise an integral piece of plastic, said hinge means comprising a thinned central portion of said plastic piece. 26. An assembly as recited in claims 24 or 25 in combination with a christmas tree ornament which includes a music playing device, and electrical interconnections between said solar cell and said music playing device supplying power from said solar cell to said music playing device. 27. A lamp mobile assembly comprising: a base; a d.c. motor mounted with said base and having a shaft extending outwardly therefrom; a mobile means comprising a shaft-receiving body member, a rod mounted to the body member, a weight mounted to one end of said rod, and a display item mounted to the other end of said rod, means for mounting said base to a lamp harp; a solar cell; means for electrically interconnecting said solar cell and said d.c. motor; and means for mounting said solar cell to the lamp so that the cell with receive light from a bulb associated with the lamp, comprising a suspension member hanging down from a spider member connected to the lamp harp, and adhesive means for engaging said solar cell formed on a portion of said suspension member remote from said lamp spider. 28. A lamp mobile assembly comprising: a base; a d.c. motor mounted with said base and having a shaft extending outwardly therefrom; a mobile means comprising a shaft-receiving body member, a rod mounted to the body member, a weight mounted to one end of said rod, and a display item mounted to the other end of said rod; means for mounting said base to a lamp harp; a solar cell; means for electrically interconnecting said solar cell and said d.c. motor; a light bulb-receiving socket associated with the lamp harp; and means for mounting said solar cell to said socket, said means comprising: a base member having a first portion with a bore formed therein and frictionally engaging said socket as said socket passes through said bore; a second portion of said base member mounting said solar cell therein on a portion thereof facing a light bulb received by said socket when said first portion receives said socket; and hinge means for mounting said first and second portions of said base member together to allow the relative angular orientation therebetween to be adjusted with said portions maintained in whatever relative angular orientation they have been moved to. 29. A lamp mobile assembly comprising: a base; a d.c. motor mounted with said base and having a shaft extending outwardly therefrom; a mobile means comprising a shaft-receiving body member, a rod mounted to the body member, a weight mounted to one end of said rod, and a display item mounted to the other end of said rod; means for mounting said base to a lamp harp; a solar cell; and means for electrically interconnecting said solar cell and said d.c. motor; said d.c. motor including gear reduction means contained within said base for reducing the output speed of said shaft vis-a-vis said motor, and wherein two output shafts extend outwardly from said base, each output shaft extending outwardly from a different portion of said gear reduction means so that each output shaft rotates at a different speed. 