An alcohol still having a boiler with a valve for maintaining the amount of liquor constant. The boiler mounts a distilling column having a temperature controlled inlet for liquor to be distilled which assists in maintaining the operation at a constant optimum operating temperature.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar heated still comprising a mounting platform; a parabolic reflector pivotally mounted to the platform; a boiler adjustably mounted to the platform by a member extending from the platform through a slot in the reflector to the boiler, whereby the boiler is positioned adjacent the focal point of the reflector; means positioned between the boiler and the member for thermally isolating the boiler from the member; a distilling column mounted atop the boiler and having an open bottom end which directly communicates with the boiler; means for adjusting the position of the boiler so that the distilling column extends vertically above the boiler; an inlet tube having one end mounted within the distilling column for furnishing liquor to the boiler; means within the boiler for controlling the maximum amount of liquor in the boiler including an outlet from the bottom of the boiler, a first valve mounted within the boiler for closing the outlet, a float within the boiler, and means within the boiler responsive to movement of the float for opening and closing the first valve; a second valve mounted within the distilling column and connected to regulate the flow of liquor through the one end of the inlet tube, a temperature sensitive bimetallic spring mounted within the distilling column for detecting the temperature therein; linkage means mounted within the column for coupling the mechanical motion of the spring to the second valve, whereby an increase in the temperature detected by the spring causes the second valve to move in a direction to permit an increase in the flow of liquor through the inlet tube; and means for positioning the reflector to focus the rays of the sun on the boiler. 2. The still as in claim 1 in which the bimetallic spring is mounted adjacent the top of the distilling column. 3. The still as in claim 1 in which the linkage means includes a rod fastened between the second valve and the spring. 4. The still as in claim 3 in which the rod is adjustably fastened to the spring to enable the variation of the amount of flow of the liquor through the inlet tube as a function of the temperature detected by the spring. 