Apparatus for rotation of an aggregate independently about two mutually perpendicular axes, in particular for tracking solar collectors. A stationary first drive mechanism includes a housing, an electric motor, a multi-stage planetary gear set, a spur-gear stage and a driven shaft. A rotatable second drive mechanism includes a housing carried at the free end of the driven shaft of the first drive mechanism. The second drive mechanism further includes an electric motor, a multi-stage planetary gear set, a spur-gear stage and a driven shaft. The driven shaft of the second drive mechanism is directed perpendicular to the driven shaft of the first drive mechanism and carries at its ends the aggregates to be rotated.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows: 1. An apparatus for the rotation of an aggregate independently about two mutually perpendicular axes, in particular for tracking of solar collectors, wherein the improvement comprises: a stationary first drive mechanism having a housing, an electric motor, a multi-stage planetary gear set, a spur-gear stage and a driven shaft; a rotatable second drive mechanism having a housing carried at the free end of said driven shaft of said first drive mechanism, said second drive mechanism further having an electric motor, a multi-stage planetary gear set, a spur-gear stage and a driven shaft, said driven shaft of said second drive mechanism being directed perpendicular to the driven shaft of the first drive mechanism and carrying at its ends the aggregates to be rotated, the last stage of a said planetary gear set being a self-locking Wolfrom gearing, which automatically blocks transmission of motion from output side to input side therethrough. 2. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the two drive mechanisms are built the same but permit different transmission ratios by having different spur-gear stages. 3. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the two drive mechanisms are built the same but permit different transmission ratios through an additional spur-gear stage between said electric motor and multi-stage planetary gear set in at least one of the two drive mechanisms. 4. An apparatus according to claim 2 or 3, wherein at least in one said drive mechanism the drive motor, the multi-stage planetary gear set, and the driving gear of the respective spur-gear stage are premountable as a slide-in unit on the housing of the respective said drive mechanism. 5. An apparatus according to claim 4, wherein a said slide-in unit is received eccentrically in said housing of the respective drive mechanism. 6. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the support of at least one said shaft in its housing is through clearance-free adjustable bearings. 7. An apparatus according to claim 6, wherein said bearings are conical-roller bearings. 8. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said planetary gear sets has gears with conical teeth, which can be adjusted clearance-free in the axial direction. 9. An apparatus according to claim 1, in which said aggregates carried by said driven shaft of said second drive mechanism are solar collectors. 10. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein in each said drive mechanism said driven shaft is driven through said spur gear stage from the output of said multi-stage planetary gear set, said planetary gear set and driven shaft of each drive mechanism lying close-spaced in their common housing, said driven shaft being supported adjacent its ends at opposite ends of its corresponding housing by bearing means, with at least one end of the driven shaft extending in cantilevered relation beyond the end of its corresponding housing, said driven shaft end of said first drive mechanism being fixed to and extending into the central portion of the housing of said second drive mechanism and into close-spaced axially coplanar relation with the driven shaft of said second drive mechanism, said housing of said second drive mechanism including a flange protruding thereinto and fixed on said extended end of said shaft of said first drive mechanism, said housing of said second drive mechanism including its spur-gear set at one end thereof and one of its bearings at the opposite end thereof with said flange protruding into said housing therebetween, said stationary first drive mechanism being oriented with its driven shaft downwardly angled toward said second drive mechanism on an upstanding fixed member, said planetary gear set of said stationary first drive mechanism being located behind one extended end of said driven shaft of said second drive mechanism, said planetary gear set of said second drive mechanism being located below the housing thereof in spaced relation ahead of said fixed member, so as to provide a compact mounting for tracking of solar collectors. 