A multi-mode solar heat recovery device for use at an interior surface of a window. The device includes heat conductive plates for heat absorption of sunlight, reflected from corresponding light reflective surfaces. Each heat conductive plate includes heat conductive tubing and carrier fluid to convey the heat from the plate to a point of heat utilization, such as a water heater or space heater. Regulation of the heat recovery device is provided by automatic adjustment of the light reflective surfaces to variable orientations with respect to the incident sunlight and heat conductive plates. This variable orientation permits selection of (i) essentially complete light blockage when adjusted to a closed position, (ii) maximum light reflection to a heat absorbing surface when at an intermediate position and unobstructed transmittance of light when in a fully opened position. The heat recovery device is further adapted with a convection heat collector which may be utilized as a cooling device. The solar heat recovery device and convection heat collector may also be used collectively as part of an overall temperature control system which includes two water storage tanks which permit two temperature level heat recovery and heat utilization. Furthermore, this system can be adapted for full environmental control with an evaporative and radiant cooling system to complement the heat recovery system.
Claims I claim: 1. A multi-mode solar heat recovery device for use at an interior surface of a window whose opening permits high transmittance of sunlight while otherwise providing an effective weather barrier, said device including a radiant heat collector, comprising: a. at least one heat conductive plate adapted at one edge for fixation near said window, said plate being positioned such that its principal surface would be substantially perpendicular to said window, at least a portion of said surface being adapted with means to provide a high degree of heat absorbtion when exposed to sunlight; b. at least one heat conductive tube in thermal contact with said plate, said tube being adapted with means for receiving a fluid therein for removing heat from said plate and with means for fluid conveyance to a point of heat utilization; c. a light reflective surface having a variable orientation with respect to and an exposure toward the treated surface of said plate and including means at one edge thereof for pivotal mounting at an axis whose orientation is substantially parallel to and is displaced from said treated surface; and d. said light reflective surface, including means for adjustment (i) from a closed position wherein said device is adapted for placement of the reflective surface approximately parallel to said window opening, thereby shielding said treated surface from exposure to sunlight and reflecting substantially all transmitted light back through the window opening, (ii) through an intermediate position wherein the reflective surface is adapted for diagonal placement with respect to said window for reflection of the transmitted light toward the heat conductive plate, (iii) to a fully open position wherein the reflective surface is adapted for substantial perpendicular orientation to said window opening, providing for relatively unobstructed transmittance of said light. 2. A solar heat recovery device as defined in claim 1, further comprising a second light reflective surface, including means at one edge thereof for pivotal mounting adjacent to and parallel with said first pivotal mounting means, said light reflective surface having a solar exposure on an opposite side from the exposure at the first reflective surface, such that the pair of light reflective surfaces are capable of facing in opposite directions, said device further comprising: a. a second heat conductive plate adapted at one edge for fixation near said window, said plate being positioned such that its principal surface would be substantially perpendicular to said window, at least a portion of said surface being adapted with means to provide a high degree of heat absorbtion when exposed to sunlight, and being oriented toward said second light reflective surface; b. said plate including at least one heat conductive tube in thermal contact with said plate, said tube being adapted with means for receiving a fluid therein for removing heat from said plate; c. said recovery device further comprising means for adjusting said second light reflecting surface from the aforementioned closed position, through the intermediate position and to the fully open position with respect to said window opening. 3. A solar heat recovery device as defined in claim 1, further comprising: a. a second heat conductive plate in thermal contact on one side with said heat conductive tube, said second plate including means on its second surface to provide a high degree of heat absorbtion; b. said recovery device further comprising an additional light reflective surface having variable orientation with exposure toward said second absorptive surface and including means at one edge thereof for pivotal mounting at an axis whose orientation is substantially parallel to said second surface of the corresponding plate and is displaced from said plate; said device further comprising means for adjusting said additional light reflective surface from the closed position, through the intermediate position and to the fully opened position with respect to said window opening and said second absorbing surface. 4. A solar heat recovery device as defined in claim 3, wherein the respective heat conductive plates form outside and intermediate columns of an encasement which includes a cap section fixed at the top of the respective heat conductive plates, thus forming a radiant heat collector capable of being installed as a single unit within a window opening. 5. A radiant heat collector as defined in claim 4, wherein the heat conductive tubes of adjacent heat conductive plates are coupled to a common fluid line for transmitting the heated fluid to said point of heat utilization. 6. A solar heat recovery device as defined in claim 4, further comprising a plurality of encasement configurations, which are positioned in side-by-side arrangement and adapted for placement against a large interior window opening. 7. A solar heat recovery device as defined in claim 6, wherein the means for adjusting positions of the reflective surface includes temperature sensitive servomechanical means for automatically positioning the reflective surface selectively at the (i) closed, (ii) intermediate and (iii) open positions. 8. A solar heat recovery device as defined in claim 6, wherein the means for adjusting positions of the reflective surface includes temperature sensitive servomechanical means for automatically positioning the reflective surface to the closed position in the event of power outage or equipment malfunction in order to provide fail-safe protection against high temperatures. 9. A solar heat recovery device as defined in claim 6, further comprising a convection heat collector which includes: a. a box-type horizontal duct-work, positioned above the solar heat recovery device and with an opening to permit intake of heated convection airflow rising from the solar heat recovery device; b. an air-to-fluid heat exchanger disposed within said horizontal duct-work and adapted for exposure to the convection airflow; c. means for conducting a fluid through the heat exchanger and further conducting said fluid to a point of heat utilization; and d. at least one vertical duct, communicating with a base portion of the horizontal duct-work and adapted in length to extend to and open at a location near the lower level of the window opening. 10. A solar heat recovery device as defined in claim 9, wherein a point of heat utilization for said heated fluid includes a second hot water storage tank which is coupled to the convection heat collector and utilizes either direct heating or indirect heating by means of heat exchange, said device including control instrumentation for maintaining the second hot water storage tank at lower temperatures than the hot water storage tank serving the solar heat recovery device, thereby providing an improved overall efficiency made possible by use of two-temperature level heat recovery and heat utilization. 11. A solar heat system as defined in claim 10, further comprising a rooftop evaporation/radiation water cooling system, including means for pumping water from the second water tank, through a sparger located toward the peak of the roof, and to a collecting gutter positioned at the base of said roof to collect the water with means to return said water to said storage tank. 12. A solar heat system as defined in claim 10, wherein the solar heat recovery device is adapted with means for use as a space heater, said means including plumbing for circulating fluid from a water storage tank through the heat recovery device, said reflecting surfaces being adjusted to the closed position. 13. A solar heat recovery device as defined in claim 1, further comprising a plurality of heat conductive tubes, each tube being in thermal contact with said heat conductive plate. 14. A solar heat recovery device as defined in claim 1, wherein the light reflective surface conforms to a configuration represented by the intersection of two or more planes at oblique angles, the intersection of said planes being parallel with the pivotal mounting axis, such that the amount of sunlight reflected toward the heat conducting element will be greater than that provided by a flat surface formed from the same light reflective material. 15. A solar heat recovery device as defined in claim 1, wherein the heat conductive plate is shaped in such a way that minimum mechanical clearance exists between the heat conductive plate and the light reflective surface when the light reflective surface is in either the closed position or in the intermediate position as described in claim 1, paragraph d; providing, however, that no mechanical interference exists when moving the light reflective surface between the referenced closed and open positions. 16. A solar heat recovery device as defined in claim 15, further comprising insulating material fixed to the heat conductive plate at its remote side from said window and extending laterally no farther than a line adjacent to the outermost arc circumscribed by the light reflective surface when rotated about its pivotal mounting axis; and said insulating material having properties which inhibit heat loss from the heat conductive plate. 17. A solar heat recovery device as defined in claim 1, wherein said heat conducting plate is constructed of sheet metal whose thermal conductivity properties provide for maximum heat transfer to the heat conductive tube which is in contact with the sheet metal, and having its exterior side coated with a black heat absorbing material. 18. A radiant heat collector as defined in claim 1, wherein said heat conductive tubes traverse the longitudinal axis of the heat conductive plate in reversing orientation. 19. A solar heat recovery device as defined in claim 1, wherein the light reflective surface comprises a metallic reflector, hinged to rotate at its pivotal mounting axis. 20. A solar heat recovery device as defined in claim 19, wherein the point of heat utilization for said heated fluid comprises an insulated hot water storage tank. 21. A solar heat recovery device as defined in claim 19, wherein the point of utilization for said heated fluid comprises a space heater utilizing either direct heating or indirect heating by means of heat exchange elements associated with the storage tank. 