A system for activating solar cells involves the use of phosphorescent paint, the light from which is amplified by a thin magnifying lens and used to activate solar cells. In a typical system, a member painted with phosphorescent paint is mounted adjacent a thin magnifying lens which focuses the light on a predetermined array of sensitive cells such as selenium, cadmium or silicon, mounted on a plastic board. A one-sided mirror is mounted adjacent the cells to reflect the light back onto said cells for purposes of further intensification. The cells may be coupled to rechargeable batteries or used to directly power a small radio or watch.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar cell activation system comprising: a substantially flat board-like transparent member having a coating of a light emitting substance on one surface thereof to emit light rays therefrom, a thin magnifying lens mounted adjacent the coated member to focus the light rays emitted from the coated member, a substantially flat member having a plurality of solar cells mounted and interconnected thereon and positioned at a predetermined distance from the lens to receive the focused light rays therefrom for purposes of activation, and, a one-sided mirror mounted adjacent the solar cells and on the side opposite the lens to reflect the focussed light passing through said cells back onto said cells and means coupled to the solar cells to receive the output therefrom. 2. A solar cell activation system in accordance with claim 1 wherein: the means to receive the output of the solar cells comprises a rechargeable battery. 3. A solar cell activation system in accordance with claim 1 wherein: the solar cells comprise a plurality of sensitive selenium cells and the mounting member comprises a transparent plastic board. 4. A solar cell activation system in accordance with claim 1 wherein: the mounting member for the solar cells comprises a plastic board and the solar cells are mounted on both sides of said board, and the cells are of cadmium sulfide or silicon. 5. A solar cell activation system in accordance with claim 1 further including: a device coupled to the solar cells to be driven thereby upon activation of said cells. 6. A solar cell activation system in accordance with claim 1 wherein: the solar cells are mounted for exposure to sunlight and the coated light emitting board is coupled thereto for activation in the absence of sunlight. 7. A solar cell activation system in accordance with claim 1 wherein: the light emitting coating on the member comprises a coating of a phosphor. 8. A solar cell activation system in accordance with claim 1 wherein: the light emitting coating on the member comprises a coating of phosphorescent paint. 