Apparatus for the utilization of radiated solar energy to heat the interior space of a building includes a solar energy collector in the form of a south-facing wall, energy storage elements in the form of remaining wall structures that, in combination with the collector wall, define the interior space, and a combination of conduit and air moving apparatus to circulate air warmed by the solar energy collector wall to the storage walls, where energy is stored, and returning the exhausted air to the collector wall.
Claims We claim: 1. A system for heating an interior space of a building, the system comprising: collector wall structure formed from a concrete material and having a generally interior-facing surface, an opposed exterior surface, and a plurality of apertures communicating the interior-facing and exterior surfaces to one another; an exterior panel formed from a material transparent to solar energy, a first interior panel, and means for respectively mounting said exterior and first interior panels in spaced relation to the exterior and interior-facing surfaces of the collector wall structure to form first air passages comprising spacing between the exterior panel and the exterior surface, the first interior panel and the interior-facing surface and the plurality of apertures; storage wall structure formed from a concrete material and having a second interior-facing surface, a second interior panel, and means for mounting the second interior panel to the second interior-facing surface to form at least a second air passage therebetween; conduit means intercoupling the first and second air passages for communicating air from the first air passages to the second air passage; and air moving means operably coupled to the conduit means for moving air from the first air passages to the second passage and back again via the conduit means. 2. The system of claim 1, including means for mounting the exterior and first interior panels to the collector wall structure to form with said apertures first air passages of a generally serpentine configuration. 3. The system of claim 1, including an enclosure structure mounted to the collector wall structure and forming an enclosed space containing the exterior panel, the enclosure structure being fabricated substantially from material that is transparent to solar radiation. 4. The system of claim 1, including insulative material mounted to and covering an outer surface of the storage wall structure. 5. The system of claim 1, the first and second interior panels being fabricated from gypsum board. 6. The system of claim 1, and wherein the conduit means includes inlet and outlet conduits that are open to the atmosphere exterior of said building, and including means for selectively withdrawing air from the atmosphere through the inlet conduit and for circulating the air via the first and second passages to the outlet conduit for expulsion back into the atmosphere. 7. The system of claim 1, the building including foundation structure having formed therein a passageway forming at least a part of said conduit means. 8. A system for heating an interior area of a building, comprising: a concrete collector wall having a generally southerly facing exterior surface, an interior surface, and a plurality of apertures therethrough communicating the exterior and interior surfaces to one another; an exterior panel formed from a material transparent to solar energy, mounted in adjacent, spaced relation to the exterior surface of the collector wall; a first interior panel mounted in adjacent spaced relation to the inner surface of the collector wall, the exterior and first interior panels forming a plurality of first air passages with the collector wall and the apertures formed therein; an enclosure formed from a material transparent to solar energy mounted to the collector wall and forming an area that encloses and contains the exterior surface of the collector wall and the exterior panel mounted thereto; concrete storage wall structure forming at least one wall of the interior area, the storage wall structure having an interior-facing surface; a second interior panel mounted in spaced relation to the interior-facing surface of the storage wall and forming an second air passage therewith; and air circulating means, including conduit means, intercoupling the first and second air passages for movement of air through the first air passages and to and through the second passage and back to the first air passages. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the apertures formed in the collector wall extend in a direction having a predominantly horizontal component. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein the apertures formed in the collector wall extend in a direction having a predominantly horizontal component, and the first interior panel formed from a transparent material. 11. The system of claim 8, the building including a foundation structure having formed therein a passageway forming at least a part of the conduit means; and means for forming ingress and egress openings between the passageway and the second air passages. 12. The system of claim 11, including restriction means mounted in the passageway adjacent and upstream of said egress opening for creating a pressure proximate the egress opening lower than that proximate the ingress opening. 13. The system of claim 8, the air circulating means including means for regulating the movement of air. 14. The system of claim 8, the air circulating means including means for regulating the movement of air through the second passage. 15. The system of claim 8, wherein the air circulating means includes air intake means operable to selectively open and receive air from the exterior of said building. 16. The system of claim 15, the air circulating means including air exhaust means operable to selectively open to the exterior of said building for exhausting air circulated through said system. 