A solar mirror made up of a plurality of contiguous rectangular reflector panels. The panels are supported on their long sides by precambered sections. These sections are individually connected to spaced parallel extending members forming joists and comprise part of a rigid frame which includes a single bearing girder movably mounted with respect to a fixed base. Distance adjustment means are provided for moving the members perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of the girder and angular adjustment means are provided to rotate the members about the longitudinal axis.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar mirror having a plurality of contiguous rectangular reflector panels mounted on a rigid frame movable with respect to a fixed base where the frame includes a plurality of precambered sections adapted to engage the long sides of said panels and a plurality of carrying joists in the form of spaced parallel extending members mounting said precambered sections, characterized in that said frame comprises a single bearing girder having a longitudinal axis extending perpendicular to and supporting said members, in having distance adjustment means for sliding said members in a plane perpendicular to said longitudinal axis, and in having an angular adjustment means for rotating said members in said perpendicular plane with respect to said girder about a pivotal axis of the solar mirror. 2. A solar mirror according to claim 1 where the distance adjustment means and the angular adjustment means are combined and comprise a pair of slides on each said member, a pair of flanges fixed to said girder and slidably engaging a pair of slides, and a pair of tie bolts on each member to adjust its position with respect to said flanges. 3. A solar mirror according to claim 2 wherein each said flange has an oblong hole having a locking element therein which slidably engages a slide. 4. A solar mirror according to claims 2 or 3 wherein each said flange comprises a lug including a hook engaging a tie bolt and having in addition locking means in the form of nuts screwed on said tie bolt for locking said hook onto said tie bolt. 5. A solar mirror according to claim 4 wherein the axis of one tie bolt on a member extends adjacent to and perpendicular to said pivotal axis. 6. A solar mirror according to claims 1, 2 or 3 including a flexible articulation means connecting each said precambered section to a said member. 7. A solar mirror according to claim 6 wherein said member includes a slotted hollow beam forming a cradle having arms and wherein said flexible articulation means comprises a pin positioned between the arms of the cradle and extending through a hole in a precambered section, and elastic washers on said pin positioned between said arms and said section. 