Ternary III-V multicolor solar cells incorporating layers of GaAs.sub.1-x-y P.sub.x Sb.sub.y and an improved process of fabricating multicolor photovoltaic III-V compound photovoltaic devices.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic device comprising: a conductive substrate; a layer of GaAs.sub.1-y Sb.sub.y having regions of differing conductivity forming a homojunction therein contacting said substrate and lattice matching the substrate to within about .+-.1%; a shorting junction layer contacting the surface of said GaAsSb layer opposite to the surface contacting said substrate; a layer of GaAs.sub.1-x P.sub.x having a larger bandgap than said GaAsSb layer, said semiconductor layer contacting the surface of said shorting junction layer opposite to said surface contacting said GaAsSb layer; and means forming electrical contacts to said device to withdraw photogenerated current therefrom. 2. The solar cell according to claim 1 wherein y has the value of from about 0.1 to about 0.4 and x has the value of from about 0.1 to about 0.3. 3. The solar cell according to claim 2 wherein x and y are about 0.2. 4. The solar cell according to claim 1 wherein said shorting junction is an N.sup.+ -type germanium layer. 5. The solar cell according to claim 1 wherein said shorting junction is a P.sup.+ -type germanium layer. 6. The solar cell according to claim 2 wherein said shorting junction is a GaAs layer having a region of GaAs doped to N.sup.+ -type conductivity followed by a region of GaAs doped to P.sup.+ -type conductivity. 7. The solar cell according to claim 1, 3, 4, 5 or 6 wherein the GaAsSb layer has a bandgap of about 1.1 eV and the GaAsP layer has a bandgap of about 1.65 eV. 8. The solar cell according to claim 1, 2, 3, or 6 further comprising a GaAs homojunction layer between said GaAs.sub.1-y Sb.sub.y and said GaAs.sub.1-x P.sub.x layers, said GaAs layer having a bandgap greater than said GaAs.sub.1-y Sb.sub.y layer but less than said GaAs.sub.1-x P.sub.x layer and separated from said GaAs.sub.1-x P.sub.x and GaAs.sub.1-y Sb.sub.y layers by shorting junctions. 9. The solar cell according to claim 8 further comprising transition layers between said homojunction layers and said shorting junction layers. 10. A photovoltaic device comprising: a conductive substrate; a layer of GaAs.sub.1-y Sb.sub.y having regions of different conductivity forming a homojunction therein and ohmically contacting said substrate and lattice matching said substrate to within about .+-.1%; a first shorting junction layer contacting the surface of said GaAsSb layer opposite to the side contacting said substrate; a layer of GaAs having a homojunction therein contacting said shorting junction layer on the surface opposite to the surface contacting said GaAsSb layer, said GaAs layer having a larger bandgap energy than said GaAs.sub.1-y Sb.sub.y layer; a second shorting junction layer contacting said GaAs layer opposite to the surface contacting said first shorting junction layer; a layer of GaAs.sub.1-x P.sub.x having a homojunction therein contacting the surface of said second shorting junction layer opposite to said surface contacting said GaAs layer, said GaAs.sub.1-x P.sub.x layer having a larger bandgap energy than either said GaAsSb layer or said GaAs layer; and means forming electrical contacts to said device to withdraw photogenerated current and voltage therefrom. 11. The solar cell according to claim 10 further comprising transition layers between said homojunction layers and said shorting junction layers. 12. The solar cell according to claim 10 or 11 wherein said GaAsSb layer has a bandgap energy of about 1.1 eV, said GaAs layer has a bandgap energy of about 1.44 eV, and said GaAsP layer has a bandgap energy of about 1.85 eV. 13. A process of fabricating a multicolor solar cell comprising: mounting a conductive substrate in a chemical vapor deposition apparatus; evacuating said apparatus to a pressure of from about 1.times.10.sup.-6 torr to about 1.times.10.sup.-8 torr; heating said substrate to a temperature of from about 500.degree. C. to about 650.degree. C.; establishing a flow rate of an arsenic containing compound; establishing a flow rate of a gallium containing compound; adjusting the flow rates of said arsenic containing compound, an antimony containing compound and N-type and P-type dopants so as to grow a layer of GaAs.sub.1-y Sb.sub.y on said substrate, said layer having a PN homojunction therein; terminating the flow of said antimony containing compound; adjusting the flow rate of said arsenic and N-type and P-type dopants so as to grow a first shorting junction on said GaAs.sub.1-y Sb.sub.y layer; increasing the flow rate of said arsenic containing compound while varying the flow rates of said N-type and P-type dopants so as to grow a GaAs homojunction layer on said shorting junction layer; adjusting the flow rates of said N-type and P-type dopants so as to grow a second shorting junction on said GaAs layer; decreasing the flow of said arsenic containing compound and introducing a phosphorus containing compound while varying the flow rates of said N-type and P-type dopants so as to grow a GaAs.sub.1-x P.sub.x homojunction layer on said second shorting junction layer; terminating the flows of said gallium containing compound, said arsenic containing compound, said phosphorus containing compound, and said N-type and P-type dopants; and removing said substrate from said apparatus and forming an electrical contact thereto. 14. The process according to claim 13 further comprising: adjusting the flow rate of the antimony containing compound so as to fabricate transition layers of GaAs.sub.1-y Sb.sub.y between said substrate and said homojunction layer of GaAs.sub.1-y Sb.sub.y and between said homojunction layer and said first shorting junction layer; and adjusting the flow rate of said phosphorus containing compound so as to grow a transition layer of GaAs.sub.1-x P.sub.x between said second shorting junction and said GaAs.sub.1-x P.sub.x layer. 15. The solar cell fabricated according to claim 13 or 14. 16. In a process of fabricating a multicolor solar cell having a plurality of homojunction III-V compound layers separated by shorting junction layers, the improvement which comprises: fabricating the semiconductor layers and shorting junction layers with a substantially constant flow rate of a III compound while varying the flow rates of the V compounds and N-type and P-type dopant sources. 