A temperature monitoring and display system is used in conjunction with two or more low temperature sensors which produce output currents representative of the temperature being sensed. The currents produced are converted to voltages and applied through differential amplifier circuits to produce output analog signals representative of the sensed temperatures. These signals also are applied to a differential comparator which produces an output signal having a sign and magnitude representative of the difference in the sensed temperatures. A switch is used to select any one of the outputs of the first and second differential amplifiers or the comparator and to apply this output signal to an analog-to-digital converter, the outputs of which then are used to drive a suitable digital display. The output of the comparator itself also may be applied to a suitable utilization circuit and to alarm threshhold detectors to indicate conditions when the temperature relationships sensed by the two sensors exceeds some preestablished relationship.
Claims I claim: 1. A system for monitoring relatively low temperatures, such as ambient temperatures of the type commonly found in buildings and solar heating systems, at a plurality of points and utilizing the temperature data thus monitored including in combination: a first temperature sensor means, at least a portion of which is located in a first zone, the temperature of which is to be monitored, for producing a first signal on an output terminal thereof representative of the temperature being monitored in said first zone; a second temperature sensor means, at least a portion of which is located in a second zone, the temperature of which is to be monitored, for producing a second signal on an output terminal thereof representative of the temperature being monitored in said second zone; a comparison amplifier means having first and second input terminals connected respectively to the output terminals of said first and second temperature sensor means and having an output terminal, said comparison amplifier means producing an output signal on the output terminal thereof representative of the difference in the temperatures sensed by said first and second temperature sensor means, wherein the output of said comparison amplifier means further has a positive value when said first temperature sensor means is sensing a higher temperature than said second temperature sensor means and has a negative value when said first temperature sensor means is sensing a lower temperature than said second temperature sensor means; switch means having an output terminal and at least first, second, and third input terminals, said first input terminal of said switch means coupled to the output terminal of said first temperature sensor means, the second input terminal of said switch means coupled to the output terminal of said second temperature sensor means, and the third input terminal of said switch means coupled to the output terminal of said comparison amplifier means, said switch means having selection means for selectively coupling one of said first, second, or third input terminals with the output terminal of said switch means for producing a signal on the output terminal of said switch means corresponding to the signal appearing on the one of the first, second, or third input terminals coupled thereto by said selection means; first utilization means having an input terminal coupled with the output terminal of said switch means for producing display of the temperature being monitored as selected by said selection means of said switch means; and second utilization means having an input terminal coupled with the output terminal of said comparison amplifier means and operated thereby to produce different results when the output of said comparison amplifier means has a positive value and when the output of said comparison amplifier means has a negative value. 2. The combination according to claim 1 wherein the temperatures monitored by said first and second low temperature sensing means are in a temperature range of -55.degree. C. to +150.degree. C. 3. The combination according to claim 1 wherein said first and second signals produced by said first and second temperature sensor means on the respective output terminals thereof are analog signals. 4. The combination according to claim 3 wherein each of said first and second temperature sensor means comprises a temperature sensor unit producing a variable current proportional to the temperature sensed thereby and an amplifier means producing a voltage proportional to the current sensed by the temperature sensor unit, such voltage comprising the signals appearing on the output terminals of said first and second low temperature sensor means, respectively. 5. The combination according to claim 1 wherein said first utilization means further includes an analog-to-digital converter circuit means having an input terminal and an output terminal, the input terminal of which is coupled with the output terminal of said switch means and the output terminal of said converter circuit means is coupled with said display means for producing a digital display of the temperature being monitored as selected by said selection means of said switch means. 6. The combination according to claim 1 wherein each of said first and second temperature sensor means sense both positive and negative temperatures and said utilization means includes a display means which displays positive and negative temperatures. 7. The combination according to claim 1 further including at least one threshhold detection means coupled to the output of said comparison amplifier means for producing an output signal whenever the signal appearing on the output of said comparison amplifier means exceeds some preestablished threshhold. 