The device comprises a declination adjustable solar ray directed assembly straddling the rim of a circular segment, hinged on the polar axis of an equatorial mount. The circular segment has a holding means for positioning it on the rim of a time dial placed on the equatorial mount. Shoes are attached to the solar directed assembly and ride on the rim of the circular segment, or shoes are attached to a support stand for the equatorial mount and ride on the rim of the equatorial mount. The support stand has a leveling base with two pairs of adjustable legs and pivoted feet providing stiffness in mutually perpendicular planes while allowing for tilting adjustment in alternate planes during the leveling operation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A sun tracking device, comprising: a. a support means rotatable about a horizontal axis; b. a circular segment mounted on said support means so as to rotate about a principal axis parallel to the face plane of the segment and perpendicular to the said horizontal axis; c. a solar ray directed assembly straddling the said circular segment with means for rotating the assembly about an axis through the center of curvature of the circular rim of the segment and normal to the said face plane of the segment; d. a solar ray incident member fixed to the outer end of the said solar ray directed assembly and extending laterally on both sides of the said face plane of the segment, said solar ray incident member characterized by a replica of the sun, a disc with apertures for receiving the sun's rays, and a lens for concentrating the sun's rays; e. a time element mounted on the said support means, centered and rotatable on the said principal axis of the said circular segment, and having a generally circular rim form as characterized by a disc, a clock dial, and a toothed gear, and; f. a holding means for adjustably positioning the said circular segment relative to the said time element. 2. The combination set forth in claim 1 wherein the said support means has an integral saddle for mounting the said time element and a time zone longitude scale adjacent to the circular rim of the time element, said time element having a 24 hour clock dial face cooperating with the said time zone longitude scale. 3. The combination set forth in claim 1 wherein the said time element has a clamping means for holding the said element in a fixed position on the said support means and for releasing the element to allow for its rotation and reversal of its face positions relative to the said support means. 4. The combination set forth in claim 1 wherein the said solar ray directed assembly has an integral shoe making peripheral contact with the said rim of the said circular segment for maintaining radial alignment of the said solar ray incident member. 5. The combination set forth in claim 1 wherein the said solar ray directed assembly has a solar ray target member fixed to the said solar ray directed assembly, spaced inwardly from and radially aligned with the said solar ray incident member. 6. The combination set forth in claim 1 wherein the said support means has a circular rim concentric with the said horizontal axis and is rotatably mounted on a stand, the said stand having a vertical face plane and shoes attached near both edges of the said stand making peripheral contact with the circular rim of the said support means. 7. The combination set forth in claim 1 wherein the said holding means consists of a formed wire pinch release clamp having elements in sliding contact on opposite sides of a dual ramp fixed to the end of the said circular segment nearest the said time element such that pinching the said elements in a lateral direction raises the clamping portion of the said clamp. 8. The combination set forth in claim 1 wherein a horizon ring is provided with strut support means for positioning the top surface of the ring on a level with the said horizontal axis and centering the perimeter of the said top surface about the point of intersection of the said principal axis with the horizontal axis. 9. The combination set forth in claim 7 wherein a leveling base is provided with a horizontal baseplate to which are attached four radially positioned struts spaced 90 degrees apart, legs with pivoted feet clamped to the outer ends of the said struts, clamping means for both length and rotational adjustment of the said legs in relation to the said struts. 10. The combination set forth in claim 7 wherein a leveling base is provided with two pair of adjustable legs and pivoted feet providing stiffness in mutually perpendicular planes while allowing for tilting adjustment in alternate planes during the leveling operation. 