A frame for supporting a parallel array of a plurality of tubular glass solar energy collectors. A transverse manifold, which extends perpendicularly to all the collector tubes, supports one end of each tube and serves also to direct the flow of the heat transfer fluid through the tubes. The manifold is secured to brackets which in turn are secured to longitudinal structural members. A rigid transverse support member is secured to the ends of the longitudinal structural members and mounts the other end of each tube, permitting preassembly of the glass tubes in the frame and installation on a roof as a module. Tension rods between the brackets and the transverse support member prestress the frame and add rigidity.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A frame for mounting solar collector tubes in a parallel array, the solar collector tubes having fluid inlet and outlet openings in only one end, comprising at least two elongated, parallel girder elements rigidly connected at their one ends by a rigid transverse tube support member, said girder elements being parallel to the desired alignment of the solar collector tubes, a manifold disposed transversely to said longitudinal girder elements, vertical brackets in said manifold secured to said girder elements, inlet and outlet fluid conduits supported by said vertical brackets, means in said manifold for respectively sealingly mounting the open ends of the solar collector tubes in fluid communication with said inlet and outlet conduits, means in said tube support member for supporting the other ends of the solar collector tubes, and a frame rigidifying tie rod disposed in parallel relationship to each girder element, means for securing one end of each said tie rod to said tube support member, means for securing the other end of each tie rod to said vertical bracket, at least one of said securing means being threadably adjustable, thereby permitting a selected degree of tensile stress to be imposed on said tie rods to rigidify the frame during handling and installation. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 plus a plurality of said solar collector tubes mounted in said frame prior to roof installation, thereby providing a solar collector module for unitary installation. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 or 2 wherein said means for securing said tie rod to said vertical bracket comprises a second bracket detachably secured to said vertical bracket. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 or 2 wherein said means for securing said tie rods to said vertical brackets comprises a generally horizontally disposed bracket having a vertically disposed end flange apertured to receive said tie rod, and flange means formed on each said vertical bracket for securing said horizontal bracket thereto. 