A solar power satellite (30) includes a truss structure (32) having a plurality of independently controlled solar power modules (34) mounted to one face of the truss structure. The solar power satellite is constructed in orbit by first forming and then assemblying component beam members (50, 52) to the truss structure. The solar power modules (34) are constructed on a fabrication and assembly station (36) movably attached to the truss structure and are then attached to the truss structure. The solar power modules (34) include a primary reflector (200) having a substantially parabolic curvature in cross section. A collector-radiator (202) is mounted on the primary axis of the primary reflector. The cross-sectional configuration of the collector-radiator (202) approximates a flattened inverted S-shape whereon the radius of curvature decreases as the curve approaches both its center and its end furthermost from the primary reflector (200). The primary reflector (200) is contoured to reflect sun light onto the collector-radiator structure (202). The collector-radiator structure includes a plurality of spaced radiant energy converting cells (450 ). A plurality of light reflective fins (452) are positioned between the converter cells. Each fin is thermally and electrically connected to converter cells on each side thereof. The fins provide radiant cooling of and series electrical connection between the converter cells. The fins also serve as a secondary reflector for concentrating sun light from the primary reflector onto the converter cells.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell unit comprising: a plurality of spaced radiant energy converting cells having an energy receiving surface responsive to radiant energy received thereon for generating electric energy, and a light reflective fin positioned between each adjacent pair of said converter cells, each fin being thermally and electrically connected to said pair of converter cells on either side thereof, the electrical connection on one side being to the energy receiving surface of the converter cell and on the opposite side to the surface of the adjacent cell opposite the energy receiving surface, said fins providing series electrical connection between the converter cells. 2. The solar cell unit according to claim 1 wherein said fins have a light emittance coating on one side thereof and are heat dissipating. 3. The solar cell unit according to claim 1 wherein said fins have a specularly reflective surface on one face thereof to direct radiant energy onto said converter cells. 4. The solar cell unit according to claim 1 wherein said light reflective fins are positioned at an angle of about 115.degree. from the plane of said converter cell. 5. The solar cell unit according to claim 1 wherein said fins have a width of approximately 3.5 times the width of said converter cells. 6. The solar cell unit according to claim 1 wherein said converter cells are mutually parallel one to the other. 7. The solar cell unit according to claim 1 wherein said fins are mutually parallel one to the other. 8. The solar cell unit according to claim 1 wherein said light reflective fins include a three layer composite having a specularly reflective upper layer, an electrically and thermally conductive foil attached to the upper layer and a high emittance coating on the side of the foil opposite said reflective upper layer. 9. The solar cell unit according to claim 8 wherein each said radiant energy converter cell has an electrically conductive grid mounted on and in electrical contact with the energy receiving surface of the energy converter cells and further comprising: first means for electrically connecting a first edge of said conductive foil to said grid, and second means for electrically connecting a second edge of said conductive foil opposite said first edge to the surface of an adjacent converter cell opposite said grid. 10. The solar cell unit according to claim 9 wherein said first means includes a metallic flange electrically connected between said conductive foil and said grid. 11. The solar cell unit according to claim 9 wherein said second means includes an electrically and thermally conductive adhesive for connecting said conductive foil to said converter cell. 12. The solar cell unit according to claim 9 further comprising: third means for thermally connecting the first end of said conductive foil to said converter cell. 13. The solar cell unit according to claim 12 wherein said second end of said conductive foil is connected to the face of said converter cell opposite the energy receiving surface thereof. 14. The solar cell unit according to claim 12 wherein said third means is an adhesive which is thermally conductive but electrically insulative. 15. The solar cell unit according to claim 9 further comprising a protective coating applied to the energy receiving surface of the converter cell and over said grid. 16. A solar cell unit comprising: a plurality of spaced radiant energy converting cells having an energy receiving surface responsive to radiant energy received thereon to generate electric energy, and a heat dissipating fin positioned between each adjacent pair of said converter cells, each fin being thermally and electrically connected to said pair of converter cells on either side thereof. 17. The solar cell unit according to claim 16 wherein the thermal connection of said fins to said converting cells is on the surface of said cells opposite the energy receiving side thereof. 18. The solar cell unit according to claim 16 wherein said fins have a high emittance coating on one side thereof to improve heat dissipation. 19. The solar cell unit according to claim 16 wherein said fins have a specularly reflective surface on one face thereof to direct radiant energy onto said converter cells. 20. The solar cell unit according to claim 16 wherein said fins are positioned at an angle of about 115.degree. from the plane of said converter cell. 21. The solar cell unit according to claim 16 wherein said fins have a width of approximately 3.5 times the width of said converter cells. 22. The solar cell unit according to claim 16 wherein said converter cells are mutually parallel one to the other. 23. The solar cell unit according to claim 16 wherein said fins are mutually parallel one to the other. 24. The solar cell unit according to claim 16 wherein said fins include a three layer composite having a specularly reflective upper layer, an electrically and thermally conductive foil attached to the upper layer and a high emittance coating on the side of the foil opposite said reflective upper layer. 25. The solar cell unit according to claim 24 wherein said radiant energy converter cells have an electrically conductive grid mounted on and in electrical contact with the energy receiving surface of the energy converter cells and further comprising: first means for electrically connecting a first edge of said conductive foil to said grid, and second means for electrically connecting a second edge of said conductive foil opposite said first edge to the surface of an adjacent converter cell opposite said grid. 26. The solar cell unit according to claim 25 wherein said first means includes a metallic flange electrically connected between said conductive foil and said grid. 27. The solar cell unit according to claim 25 wherein said second means includes an electrically and thermally conductive adhesive for connecting said conductive foil to said converter cell. 28. The solar cell unit according to claim 25 further comprising: third means for thermally connecting the first edge of said conductive foil to said converter cell. 29. The solar cell unit according to claim 28 wherein said second end of said conductive foil is connected to the face of said converter cell opposite the energy receiving surface thereof. 30. The solar cell unit according to claim 28 wherein said third means is an adhesive which is thermally conductive but electrically insulative. 31. A solar collector comprising: a collector frame structure having a downwardly facing concave first curved portion of decreasing radius of curvature from the first end to the second end thereof, and an upwardly facing concave second curved portion with the first end thereof adjacent the second end of said first curved portion, said second curved portion decreasing in radius of curvature from the first end to the second end thereof, and a solar cell unit mounted on the concave surfaces of each of said first and second curved portions, said solar cell units having an energy receiving surface responsive to radiant energy received thereon to generate electric energy. 32. The solar collector according to claim 31 wherein said solar cell unit includes a plurality of radiant energy converter cells. 33. The solar collector according to claim 31 wherein said solar cell unit includes a plurality of spaced radiant energy converting cells having an energy receiving surface responsive to radiant energy received thereon for generating electric energy, and a plurality of light reflective fins positioned between said converter cells, each fin being thermally and electrically connected to said converter cells on either side thereof, the electrical connection on one side being to the energy receiving surface of the converter cell and on the opposite side to the surface of the adjacent cell opposite the energy receiving surface, said fins providing series electrical connection between the converter cells. 34. The solar collector according to claim 33 wherein said fins have a light emittance coating on one side thereof and are heat dissipating. 35. The solar collector according to claim 33 wherein said fins have a specularly reflective surface on one face thereof to direct radiant energy onto said converter cells. 36. The solar collector according to claim 33 wherein said light reflective fins are positioned at an angle of about 115.degree. from the plane of said converter cell. 37. The solar collector according to claim 33 wherein said fins have a width of approximately 3.5 times the width of said converter cells. 38. The solar collector according to claim 33 wherein said converter cells are mutually parallel one to the other. 39. The solar collector according to claim 33 wherein said fins are mutually parallel one to the other. 40. The solar collector according to claim 33 wherein said fins include a three layer composite having a specularly reflective upper layer, an electrically and thermally conductive foil attached to the upper layer and a high emittance coating on the side of the foil opposite said reflective upper layer. 41. The solar collector according to claim 40 wherein each said radiant energy converter cell has an electrically conductive grid mounted on and in electrical contact with the energy receiving surface of the energy converter cells and further comprising: first means for electrically connecting a first edge of said conductive foil to said grid, and second means for electrically connecting a second edge of said conductive foil opposite said first edge to the surface of an adjacent converter cell opposite said grid. 42. The solar collector according to claim 41 wherein said first means includes a metallic flange electrically connected between said conductive foil and said grid. 43. The solar collector according to claim 41 wherein said second means includes an electrically and thermally conductive adhesive for connecting said conductive foil to said converter cell. 44. The solar collector according to claim 41 further comprising: third means for thermally connecting the first edge of said conductive foil to said converter cell. 45. The solar collector according to claim 44 wherein said second end of said conductive foil is connected to the face of said converter cell opposite the energy receiving surface thereof. 46. The solar collector according to claim 44 wherein said third means is an adhesive which is thermally conductive but electrically insulative. 47. The solar collector according to claim 41 further comprising a protective coating applied to the energy receiving surface of the converter cell and over said grid. 48. The solar collector according to claim 31 further comprising: a primary reflector having a curvature with a reflective surface thereon, and means for mounting said collector frame on the primary axis of said primary reflector such that light energy received by said primary deflector and deflected therefrom engages the radiant converter cells on said collector frame structure. 49. The solar collector according to claim 48 wherein said collector frame structure is positioned such that said point of adjacency of the second end of said first curved portion to the first end of said second curved portion is substantially on said primary axis of said primary reflector. 50. The solar collector according to claim 48 wherein said primary reflector includes a plurality of flexible ribs interconnected in a substantially parallel arrangement by a reflector beam structure connected to the ribs at a point intermediate of the ends of the ribs, a central column extending substantially perpendicular from said reflector beam, means for mounting said collector frame structure to said central column at a point spaced from said primary reflector, and cable means attached between said collector frame structure and said ribs for flexing said ribs to produce the desired curvature for the reflective surface on the primary reflector. 51. The solar collector according to claim 50 wherein said cable means includes a cable structure from each end of each said rib to said collector frame structure. 52. The solar collector according to claim 51 wherein said reflector surface is a foil skin stretched to conform to the curvature of said flexible ribs. 53. The solar collector according to claim 51 wherein the overall height of said primary reflector is approximately four times the overall length of said collector frame structure. 54. The solar collector according to claim 51 wherein said primary reflector is semicircular in cross section. 55. The solar collector according to claim 51 wherein said primary reflector is parabolic in cross section. 56. A method of constructing an orbital solar powered electrical generator comprising: (a) constructing component beam members on a constructing unit having moving means for moving said beam members to the base end of the constructing unit, (b) assembling the beam members to form a substantially planar truss structure, (c) constructing the components of a solar cell assembly on the constructing unit and assembling the components into a solar cell assembly, (d) moving the assembled solar cell assembly to the base of the constructing unit for attachment to the truss structure, and (e) moving the constructing unit along the truss assembly and repeating steps a through d above. 57. The method according to claim 56 further comprising: moving each solar cell assembly in response to the flexure of the truss structure to maintain a desired alignment of the solar cell assemblies relative to the sun. 