The present invention is for an automatic gate opening device where commercial electricity is not economically available. A hydraulic cylinder operated by a bidirectional gear pump moves a cylinder rod which connects to an opening rod. The opening rod is pivotally connected to one end to the gate and on the other end to a stationary location. Due to pivotal connections and a pivotal linkage near the middle of the opening rod, the gate may be opened and closed by the hydraulic cylinder. The hydraulic cylinder is also pivotally mounted. Electronic controls may be operated by a number of different type sensors, including limit switches on the hydraulic cylinder, sensors for detecting the gate location, manual switches or other traditional vehicle approach sensors. Power is provided by a storage battery, which battery can be recharged during daylight hours at a solar panel or by a traditional battery charger.
Claims We claim: 1. A gate opening device for use at remote locations comprising: stationary mounting means; linkage rod pivotally connected on a first end to said stationary mounting means and pivotally connected on a second end to said gate, said linkage rod having an intermediate pivot point between said first and second ends thereof; cylinder means pivotally mounted on said stationary mounting means, said cylinder means having a cylinder rod extending therefrom with a first end being pivotally connected to said linkage rod and a second end forming a piston inside said cylinder means; control means connecting to said cylinder means for operating said cylinder means, said control means including a bi-directional gear pump for supplying hydraulic fluid to operate said cylinder means; and sensor means for signaling said control means to activate said bi-directional gear pump to suppy said hydraulic fluid under pressure to said cylinder means, said pressurized hydraulic fluid moving said gate to an opened or closed position via said piston, cylinder rod and linkage rod. 2. The gate opening device as given in claim 1 wherein said pivotal connections of said first and second ends of said linkage rod and pivotal mounting of said cylinder means allows at least limited pivotal movement about a horizontal axis. 3. The gate opening device as given in claim 1 wherein said control means includes an energy storage device for energizing said sensor means and bi-directional gear pump. 4. The gate opening device as given in claim 3 wherein said sensor means includes at least two piston sensors on said cylinder means to indicate a first and second position of said piston, said first position of said piston corresponding to when said gate is closed and said second position corresponding to said gate being opened. 5. The gate opening device as given in claim 3 wherein said sensor means includes magnetic detection devices adapted to be located in a road on either side of said gate, said magnetic detection devices sending a signal to said control means for opening said gate upon a vehicle approaching and closing said gate upon said vehicle passing therethrough. 6. The gate opening device as given in claim 3 wherein said control means includes a receiver for generating a control signal to open or close said gate upon receiving a predetermined transmitted signal. 7. The gate opening device as given in claim 3, 4, 5 or 6 wherein said control means includes: sensor amplifier for amplifying signals received from said signal means; logic means for receiving said amplified signal, said logic means operating a motor switch; and a motor receiving power from said energy storage device via said motor switch to turn said bi-directional gear pump to initiate opening or closing of said gate. 8. The gate opening device as given in claim 3 including means for recharging said energy storage device, said recharging means including at least one connection to a solar panel to recharge said energy storage device by solor energy. 9. The gate opening device as given in claim 8 comprising a manual override switch connected to said energy storage device and said control means to override sensor means to open or close said gate. 10. The gate opening device as given in claim 1 wherein said pivotal connections of said first and second ends of said linkage rod and pivotal mounting of said cylinder provide on-center linkage to mechanically lock said gate when in said closed position. 