A solar energy concentrating collector has a concave parabolic reflective member supported on a plurality of shaped support assemblages, which are parabolically shaped on the top and extend transversely in a direction perpendicular to the axis of the collector. Each assemblage has a vertical planar support and also a flexible member. The flexible member has a top for supporting the reflective member and an appendage affixed to the top and extending away therefrom into operative engagement with the vertical planar support. The top of the flexible member can be moved against a template having a parabolically shaped bottom surface. The space between the top of the flexible member and the top edge of the planar support is bridged by the vertical downwardly extending appendages which are fastened to the support after the top has been properly positioned. The flexible member thus provides a correct concave upper surface having a parabolic shape that matches the accuracy of the template.
Claims Having thus described my invention, what I claim as new and desire to protect by Letters Patent are the following: 1. A solar energy linear type concentrating collector including: a heat collector; a parabolic reflector arranged to collect, concentrate, and direct solar rays toward the heat collector, heat transfer fluid in contact with said collector at a distance from said reflector, said heat collector being conductive and coated with absorptive means for improving heat transfer to said heat transfer fluid and arranged co-incident with the focal line of the parabolic reflector, a plurality of spaced supports arranged transversely of the axis of the collector; each of said supports having a top surface and also having major side planar surfaces transverse to said axis; a flexible member mounted above each of said supports and having tabs in vertical planar contact with the major side surface of said supports, and being vertically slidably adjustable relative thereto; said supports and flexible members being adjustable in coacting parabolic relationship; said tabs being ultimately fixed to said supports to prevent relative movement therebetween; said parabolic reflector being in continuous contact with, and supported by, top surfaces of said flexible members; whereby the spaced support and flexible member combination provides intermittent load bearing surfaces for the said reflector. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein said top surface of the support is inclined and forms an angle of less than 90 degrees relative to a vertical plane. 3. The device of claim 2 wherein said top surface is parabolically shaped. 4. The device of claim 2 wherein said supports rest upon a trusslike structure. 5. The device of claim 4 wherein said supports are integral with a trusslike structure. 6. The device of claim 1 wherein the bottom surfaces of said supports are horizontal. 7. The device of claim 1 wherein at least one support rests on a plurality of crossmembers that are parallel to the axis of the collector, said crossmembers being in contacting relationship with at least two of said supports. 8. The device of claim 7 wherein the major planar sides of said crossmembers are substantially vertical and cooperate with downwardly extending tab portions of the flexible member to form a parabolic support structure. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein at least one of said supports is made of non-conductive materials. 10. The device of claim 1 wherein at least one of said supports has a straight top edge. 11. The device of claim 10 wherein a flexible member is upwardly displaced from said straight edge before being secured to said support. 12. The device of claim 11 wherein said flexible member butts against a parabolically shaped template. 13. The device of claim 12 wherein the top surface of said flexible member butts against a linear parabolically shaped reference surface which is parallel to the axis of the collector. 14. The device of claim 1 wherein said transversely extending support rests upon crossmembers that are in contact with at least two underlying parallel supports. 15. The device of claim 14 wherein crossmembers communicate with notches in the upper and lower supports. 16. The device of claim 14 wherein said crossmembers are a series of members parallel to the axis of the collector. 17. The device of claim 1 wherein said supports have curved upper and lower surfaces. 18. The device of claim 1 wherein said supports are fixedly attached to and perpendicular to a pivot member which is parallel to the axis of the collector. 19. The device of claim 18 wherein said pivot member is located centrally. 20. The device of claim 18 wherein said supports are a plurality of co-extensive segments. 21. The device of claim 1 wherein the flexible reflector is a laminate having at least one metallic component. 22. The device of claim 1 wherein the downwardly extending tabs of the flexible members bridge the gaps between the flexible member and a support of any shape. 23. The method of constructing a linear parabolic solar energy collector, including the steps of: arranging a plurality of reflective surface supports with major planar sides perpendicular to the axis of the collector, said supports having an inclined upper surface; mounting a flexible member above said inclined upper surface of said supports, said flexible member having vertically downwardly extending tabs in contact with said major planar sides of said supports; urging said flexible members upwardly against a template having a parabolic shaped bottom edge; fixing said flexible member to said supports; mounting a reflective surface above said flexible members; mounting a heat transfer fluid conduit at the focal line of the parabolic reflective surface so that said reflector-collector structure acts in correlated operation with said absorptively coated fluid conduit. 24. The method of claim 23 wherein the inclined upper surfaces of said supports are curved. 