A thermosyphon heat pipe hot water appliance combines a solar collector with a heat reservoir wherein fluid vaporized in the collector transfers latent heat to reservoir fluid, for re-transfer to fluid such as water supplied by city reservoirs, or from municipal mains.
Claims I claim: 1. In a fluid heater assembly, the combination comprising (a) a solar collector having an inlet for a first fluid to be heated, and an outlet for the solar heated fluid, (b) a metallic tank for containing heat transfer second fluid, (c) first ducting in the tank in communication with said collector outlet to receive said heated first fluid and to transfer heat therefrom to the second fluid in the tank, (d) and second ducting in the tank for passing third fluid into and out of the tank, and to transfer heat from the second fluid in the tank to third fluid in the second ducting, (e) and including metallic structure via which heat is conducted from said first ducting to said second ducting, said first and second ducting includes generally longitudinally extending stretches in the tank contacted by said metallic structure which extends generally laterally in said second fluid, (f) said metallic structure comprising webbing contacting said first and second ducting and said tank, (g) said first and second ducting extending through said webbing the periphery of which is in heat transfer proximity to the tank wall extending about the ducting. 2. The combination of claim 1 including said first fluid which is selected from the group consisting of water and Freon. 3. The combination of one of claims 1 or 2 including said second fluid consisting of water. 4. The combination of one of claims 1 or 2 including said third fluid consisting of water. 5. The combination of claim 1 wherein the tank has a fill port, and an overflow port, for said second fluid. 6. The combination of claim 1 including a frame-work mounting said collector and said tank. 7. The combination of claim 6 wherein the tank is located above the level of the collector. 8. The combination of claim 1 wherein the solar collector includes a first header pipe connected in series with said inlet and a second header pipe connected with said outlet, branch piping interconnecting said header pipes, and means in at least one header pipe to cause serpentine flow to fluid between the header pipes via at least two branch pipes for each traverse between the header pipes. 9. The combination of claim 1 including a container in the second fluid in the tank, and a heat storing phase change material in the container. 10. The combination of claim 9 wherein the container is in contact with and between said first and second ducting in the tank. 