A method and apparatus for driving an array or large field of solar concentrators (10) by means of pneumatic pulses of compressed air such that it tracks the movement of the sun (14) across the sky is disclosed. The drive system includes a multiplicity of gearing means (26) which is mounted to one or more solar concentrators (10) for providing the movement of said solar concentrators to track the sun (14). The multiplicity of gearing means are driven by a multiplicity of drive means (28) in response to pulses of compressed air which are selectively provided to achieve the necessary tracking. The pulses of compressed air are provided to the drive (26) means from a compressed air source (38) by means of pneumatic valving (32) which is selectively opened and closed by means of electrical drive signals. The compressed air is connected to the pneumatic valving (32) and then further connected to the drive means (26) by means of fluid conduits (34) such as for example, plastic tubing. Suitable control circuitry (40) such as electrical relays (58) and (60) or other electronic switching circuitry provides the electrical drive signals to the pneumatic valving (32). The control circuitry (40) itself operates in response to electrical control signals received from any suitable sensing means (46) which can monitor the movement of the sun across the sky.
Claims I claim: 1. A drive system for positioning a solar concentrator comprising: gearing means mounted to a solar concentrator for moving said solar concentrator to track the sun; drive means responsive to pulses of compressed air connected to and for driving said gearing means; a source of compressed air; pneumatic valving responsive to electrical drive signals for selectively providing pulses of compressed air to said drive means; first and second conduits, said first conduit connected between said source of compressed air and said pneumatic valving means to provide compressed air to said pneumatic valving, said second conduit connected between said pneumatic valving means and said drive means to carry said pulses of compressed air from said valving means to said drive means; master control circuitry responsive to an input control system for providing said electrical drive signals to said pneumatic valving; sensing means for monitoring the position of the sun, and for providing said input control signals to said master control circuitry such that said solar concentrator is selectively moved to track the movement of the sun. 2. The drive system of claim 1 wherein said drive means includes a first portion for driving said gearing means in a first direction, and a second portion for driving said gearing means in a second direction. 3. The drive system of claim 1 wherein said drive means includes a ratchet wheel suitable for rotation around its center axis, a ratchet pawl, and an air cylinder/piston combination arranged such that said ratchet pawl is moved by the piston of said cylinder-piston combination when said cylinder-piston combination receives a pulse of compressed air, and said ratchet pawl incrementally rotates said ratchet wheel around said center axis. 4. The drive system of claims 1, 2 or 3 wherein said gearing means includes a worm wheel driven by a worm gear connected to said drive means. 5. The drive system of claim 4 wherein said ratchet wheel includes thirty-six teeth and wherein said worm gear rotates sixty times per every single rotation of said worm wheel. 6. The drive system of claims 1, 2 or 3 wherein the system is connected to drive a multiplicity of solar concentrators, and said drive means and said gearing means include a multiplicity of drive means and gearing means connected one each to said multiplicity of solar concentrators and responsive to pulses of air from said pneumatic valving. 7. The drive system of claim 5 wherein the system is connected to drive a multiplicity of solar concentrators, and said drive means and said gearing means include a multiplicity of drive means and gearing means connected one each to said multiplicity of solar concentrators, and responsive to pulses of air from said pneumatic valving. 8. The drive system of claims 1, 2 or 3 wherein said sensing means includes a west sensor for incrementally driving said solar concentrator, and a "Sleep Sensor" for re-synchronizing said system before sunrise the next day. 9. The drive system of claims 1, 2 or 3 and further including a source of electrical power for use by said control circuitry and for driving said pneumatic valving. 10. A method of positioning a solar concentrator comprising the steps of: mounting a solar concentrator to gearing means for moving said solar concentrator to track the movement of the sun; driving said gearing means in response to pulses of compressed air; selectively opening and closing pneumatic valving for providing pulses of compressed air to said drive means in response to electrical drive signals; providing electrical drive signals to said pneumatic valving in response to electrical control signals, and providing electrical control signals representative of the movement of the sun across the sky. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein said step of driving said gearing means includes driving said gearing means in a first and second direction. 12. The method of claims 10 or 11 wherein selectively providing pulses of compressed air includes providing pulses to a multiplicity of driving means for driving a multiplicity of solar concentrators. 