A sign includes fluorescent pigment-containing indicia protected from fading from solar ultraviolet radiation by a transparent, ultraviolet-absorbing shield spaced apart therefrom. An artificial source of ultraviolet radiation is interposed between the indicia and the shield, and permits excitation of the fluorescence for nightime use of the sign.
Claims I claim: 1. A sign, comprising: indicia means containing a fluorescent pigment for rendering said indicia highly visible in daylight ambient conditions; means at least partially translucent to visible radiation and at least partially opaque to ultraviolet radiation, spaced apart in front of said indicia means for shielding thereof from solar ultraviolet radiation impinging on said indicia means to prevent or at least to retard greatly the fading of said fluorescent pigment in said indicia means during daylight ambient conditions and for permitting the observation thereof by visible radiation in daylight ambient conditions; and radiation means disposed in front of said indicia means and interposed between said shielding means and said indicia means for producing rearwardly directed ultraviolet radiation and for causing said radiation to impinge directly on said indicia means without passing through said shielding means to cause said fluorescent pigment to fluoresce in low light ambient conditions to produce forwardly directed visible radiation passing through said shielding means toward an observer. 2. The sign of claim 1 further including support means, and means for holding releasably said indicia means in overlaying relationship on said support means. 3. The sign of claim 2 further including means for mounting said radiation means intermediate said indicia means and said means for shielding to cause radiation from said radiation means to impinge on said indicia means without passing through said means for shielding. 4. The sign of claim 1, wherein said means for shielding includes a transparent sheet of material containing ultraviolet radiation absorbers. 5. The sign of claim 4, wherein said means for shielding includes laminated glass including a layer of glass and a layer of ultraviolet radiation-absorbing plastic material. 6. The sign of claim 4, wherein said shielding means comprises plastic material containing ultraviolet radiation absorbers. 7. The sign of claim 6, wherein said plastic material is an acrylic material. 8. The sign of claim 5, further including hollow frame means having said radiation means mounted therein, said means for shielding being mounted on the front portion thereof and said indicia means being mounted on the rear thereof, means for sealing said frame in a water-tight manner. 9. The sign of claim 9, wherein said frame means includes closure means for permitting access to the interior of said frame means. 10. The sign of claim 8, further including opaque means disposed at the front portion of said frame means for blocking solar ultraviolet radiation from impinging on said indicia means. 