A system for measuring radiation in the laboratory or at a site to aid in determining whether to erect a solar energy installation at that site includes a positioner and a sensor. The sensor, which is mounted on the positioner, includes a rotating semispherical chopper and an integrating sphere for collecting radiation in three modes. A broad-band detector measures the irradiance from the integrating sphere to monitor for anomalies. A pair of monochromators simultaneously measure, one in the visible range and the other in the infrared range, the spectral irradiance from the integrating sphere. Processing electronics process the measured spectral irradiance from the monochromators and generate data signals for providing an absolute irradiance spectrum at the plane of the entrance aperture. The absolute irradiance spectrum is inputted to an X-Y plotter and a magnetic disc and tape. The system further includes internal reference sources providing continuous wavelength and irradiance calibration.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A radiometer comprising: (a) an integrating sphere for admitting radiation; (b) means for intermittently interrupting the admission of radiation in said integrating sphere; (c) a source of reference illumination for calibrating said radiometer; (d) said source of reference illumination being a structured spectral source; (e) said structured spectral source being a continuous source with a structured spectral filter having strong absorption bands. 2. The radiation detector system of claim 1 wherein said source of reference illumination is a mercury lamp. 3. The radiometer of claim 1 wherein said integrating sphere has a 180.degree. field of view and a cosine response. 4. The radiation detector system of claim 1 wherein said means for intermittently interrupting is a spherical chopper rotatably mounted about said diffuser. 5. A flux measuring system for providing calibrated data comprising: (a) a diffuser for admitting radiation therein; (b) means for intermittently interrupting the admission of radiation into said diffuser; (c) means for measuring the radiation admitted into said diffuser; and (d) sources of reference illumination for continuously calibrating said system in wavelength and/or intensity; (e) said diffuser being an integrating sphere having a 180.degree. field of view and a cosine response, and said means for intermittently interrupting is a spherical chopper rotatably mounted about said integrating sphere. 6. A flux measuring system for providing calibrated data comprising: (a) an integrating sphere for receiving radiation; (b) means for intermittently interrupting the receiving of radiation by said integrating sphere; (c) means for measuring the radiation received by said integrating sphere; (d) sources of reference illumination for continuously calibrating said system in wavelength and/or intensity; (e) said means for measuring said radiation including a monochromater and a circuit for converting the radiation measured by said monochromater into a signal suitable to computer use; (f) said source of reference illumination being a continuous source designed to provide spectral calibration and/or broad band calibration. 7. The flux measuring system of claim 6 further including a programmable microcomputer for processing said signal converted by said circuit. 8. A method for measuring solar flux comprising: (a) admitting solar radiation into an integrating sphere having a 180.degree. field of view and a cosine response; (b) periodically interrupting said admitting of solar radiation into said integrating sphere; (c) effecting both a dark measurement and a measurement of said admitted solar radiation in said integrating sphere; converting said dark measurement and said measurement of said admitted solar radiation into signals suitable for computer use; and (e) processing and recording said signals for both immediate and later use. 9. A method for measuring radiation as an absolute irradiance spectra comprising: (a) admitting radiation into an integrating sphere having a 180.degree. field of view and a cosine response; (b) periodically interrupting said admitting of said radiation into said integrating sphere; (c) providing a periodically interrupted wavelength calibration radiation into said integrating sphere to effect dynamic wavelength calibration thereof; (d) providing a periodically interrupted reference illumination into said integrating sphere to effect complete spectral response calibration thereof; (e) effecting both a dark measurement and measurements of said admitted radiation, of said wavelength calibration radiation, and of said reference illumination in said integrating sphere; (f) converting all said measurements into signals suitable for computer use; and (g) processing and recording said signals. 10. The method of claims 8 or 9 further including the step of monitoring for anomalous attenuations in the measured admitted radiation. 