Toxic and hazardous organic materials are photochemically and thermally changed into innocuous and environmentally acceptable products through the proper application of solar energy. The present invention is especially well-suited for the destruction of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB's) which are resistant to conventional incineration The method and apparatus described herein are also capable of handling liquids, solids or vapors, with only minor operating modifications.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a system including a working chamber, a method for destruction of toxic and hazardous materials, comprising: feeding said materials into a working chamber; collecting and filtering solar energy and focusing said filtered solar energy into said working chamber to directly act upon said materials in said working chamber; and exhausting the byproducts of said materials out of said working chamber while minimizing any need for any large volumes of gaseous throughput through said working chamber. 2. A method in accordance with claim 1, further comprising the step of preheating said materials prior to feeding said materials into said working chamber. 3. A method in accordance with claim 1, further comprising the steps of monitoring said byproducts as the byproducts are exhausted from said working chamber, releasing the safe byproducts from the system and directing toxic or hazardous byproducts to a safe storage area. 4. An apparatus for the destruction of toxic and hazardous materials, said materials having specific chemical bonding energies, comprising: a reactor comprising a reaction chamber, including means for withdrawing material from said chamber and having a reaction zone within said chamber; a transparent window set in one surface of said reactor, said window being transparent to solar radiation at the wavelengths corresponding to the bonding energies of said materials; means for collecting solar radiation, directing solar radiation into said reaction chamber through said transparent window, concentrating said solar radiation to within said reaction zone, and focusing solar energy in said zone; and means for feeding toxic or hazardous materials primarily by gravity into the interior of said reactor at said reactor zone; wherein the high intensity specific wavelength energy present in said concentrated sunlight breaks chemical bonds in said toxic or hazardous materials and accelerates decomposition of the chemical compounds of said toxic or hazardous materials, degrading said compounds in direct proportion to the original concentration of the compounds. 5. A claim in accordance with claim 4, wherein said window is composed of a quartz material. 6. A claim in accordance with claim 4, further comprising a rotating reactor which includes said working chamber and has said solar energy access means disposed substantially at one end of said reactor and said feeding means disposed substantially at the opposite end of said reactor. 7. A claim in accordance with claim 4, further comprising a rotating reactor rotating about an axis, which has said feeding means disposed substantially at one axial end of said reactor and said exhausting means disposed substantially at the other axial end of said reactor. 8. A claim in accordance with claim 4, wherein said means for exhausting includes monitoring means for determining whether said byproducts are safe or hazardous, means for returning hazardous byproducts to said feeding means, and means for exhausting safe byproducts to the environment. 9. A claim in accordance with claim 4, further comprising means for preheating said hazardous or toxic materials disposed between said feeding means for conducting exhausted materials through said preheating means wherein the residual heat from said exhausted materials is used to preheat hazardous or toxic materials fed into said working chamber. 10. An apparatus as set forth in claim 4, wherein said window is removable and replaceable with a different window of a different transparency to vary the wavelengths filtered by the window as desired for different compounds of toxic materials. 11. An apparatus as set forth in claim 4, wherein said reactor includes means for minimizing the need for gaseous throughput during the use of said apparatus in said destruction of toxic and hazardous materials. 