A solar powered reactor for collecting and converting solar energy into heat energy in the form of a heated fluid, such as steam, comprising a reactor vessel for containing a heat transfer fluid, such as water, and having an inlet and outlet for introduction of the fluid and discharge of the heated fluid in the form of steam therefrom. The vessel contains a light transmitting window in its upper portion, above which is located in spaced, heat-insulated relation therefrom, a single large concentrating lens of the Fresnel type construction to receive and direct both direct and reflected sunlight into the reactor vessel. A solar reflector is mounted on a trackway to move about the periphery of the concentrating lens to follow the path of the sun and reflect sunlight into the lens for direction through the light transmitting window and onto one or more heat conductive metal elements located in the reactor vessel.
Claims That which is claimed is: 1. A solar powered reactor for collecting both direct and reflected sunlight and converting solar energy contained therein into heat energy of a heat transfer fluid, comprising a reactor vessel defining a compartment for containing a heat transfer fluid, an inlet in said vessel for introducing a heat transfer fluid into said compartment, and an outlet in said vessel for discharging heated fluid from said compartment, said vessel containing an upper light transmitting wall portion for passage of sunlight into said compartment, at least one heat conducting metal element located in said compartment adjacent said light transmitting wall portion and in communication with a heat transfer fluid in said compartment for receiving sunlight thereon, a large concentrating lens positioned in spaced relation above said vessel and light transmitting wall portion for receiving and concentrating sunlight through said light transmitting wall portion and onto said at least one metal element in said compartment, solar reflector means supportably mounted adjacent said lens for movement thereabout and including a light reflecting surface pivotally adjustable to reflect sunlight onto said concentrating lens for concentrated direction thereby into said reactor vessel. 2. A solar powered reactor as defined in claim 1 wherein said lens is a single lens member of Fresnel type construction. 3. A solar powered reactor as defined in claim 2 wherein said light-transmitting wall portion of said vessel is generally horizontally disposed in an upper portion of the vessel, and said lens is generally horizontally disposed in spaced relation directly above said light-transmitting wall portion to receive both direct and reflected sunlight and direct and concentrate the same through said wall portion. 4. A solar powered reactor as defined in claim 3 wherein said solar reflector means includes a trackway supportably positioned in surrounding relation about the periphery of said lens, means mounting said light reflecting surface on said trackway for movement therearound and about said lens, means for moving said light reflecting surface about said trackway, and means mounting said light reflecting surface for pivotal movement about a generally horizontal axis to tilt the same toward and away from said lens for angular adjustment of the reflecting surface and to permit movement of the reflecting surface portion of the solar reflector means into overlying relation to said lens to serve as a heat insulator for the reactor. 5. A solar powered reactor as defined in claim 2 wherein the size of said single Fresnel type lens is at least about 12 feet in transverse dimension. 