An improvement in a system and method of controlling heliostat in which the heliostat is operable in azimuth and elevation by respective stepper motors and including the respective steps or means for calculating the position for the heliostat to be at a commanded position, determining the number of steps in azimuth and elevation for each respective motor to get to the commanded position and energizing both the azimuth and elevation stepper motors to run in parallel until predetermined number of steps away from the closest commanded position in azimuth and elevation so that the closest position has been achieved, and thereafter energizing only the remaining motor to bring it to its commanded position. In this way, the heliostat can be started from a stowed position in the morning and operated by a computer means to its commanded position and kept correctly oriented throughout the day using only the time of the day without requiring the usual sensors and feedback apparatus. A computer, or microprocessor, can then control a plurality of many heliostats easily and efficiently throughout the day.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a heliostat control system including: a. a target collector for collecting solar energy and converting it into usable energy; b. at least one supported heliostat, each said heliostat being movable by respective motors in azimuth and elevation for reflecting the solar energy onto said collector; the improvement comprising a central computer handling external data processing, communication and control, and a plurality of respective heliostats and a plurality of respective heliostat microprocessors, one at each heliostat, each being connected to said central computer and handling for its respective heliostat internal data processing, communication, and direct control of its respective azimuth and elevation stepper motor of elements f and g hereinafter; said central computer and each respective microprocessor at each respective heliostat including respective routines that effect communicating and coaction such that there are provided the following system elements; c. monitor means for monitoring a current position of a respective said heliostat; d. computer means for computing a commanded position for a respective said heliostat to be at a particular time of day; e. cumulating means for determining commanded number of steps for respective stepper motors in each of azimuth and elevation to reach the commanded position; f. respective azimuth stepper motors connectable with a source of power; g. respective elevation stepper motors connectable with a source of power; h. energizer means for energizing respective said stepper motors; said energizer means being connected with said cumulating means and said stepper motors and adapted to operate selectively both and thereafter either of said stepper motors for a given heliostat; and i. comparison means for comparing accumulated steps to commanded steps; said comparison means being connected with elements c, d, e, and h and being adapted to stop both said motors a predetermined number of steps away from said commanded number of steps to allow deceleration from slewing speeds such that the closest motor reaches its commanded position, and thereafter energizing the remaining motor to attain its commanded position and stop at a predetermined number of steps away from its said commanded position. 2. In a method of controlling at least one heliostat to reflect solar energy onto a collector including moving said heliostat in azimuth and elevation by respective motors, the improvement comprising employing a central computer and a plurality of heliostats and a plurality of respective heliostat microprocessors, one at each heliostat, communicating sequentially and respectively with respective routines such that there is carried out for each heliostat the following steps: a. calculating a command position for said heliostat to be at a particular time of day; b. initializing and powering up at a predetermined position and monitoring the position thereafter; c. accumulating the number of steps in azimuth and elevation to each motor to get to said commanded position from said predetermined position each time said heliostat is to be moved; d. energizing both said azimuth and elevation stepper motors to run parallel until a predetermined number of steps away from a commanded position of the closest of said azimuth and elevation motors, thereafter de-energizing said motors to allow deceleration from slewing speeds, operating both said motors in parallel until the closest of said azimuth and elevation motors is at said commanded position; and thereafter energizing the remaining motor to bring it to its said commanded position. 