A movable thermal barrier for a two-story building having a glass wall facing in a southerly direction and comprising a thermally insulated horizontal stationary rail panel adjacent to the glass wall. A thermally insulated horizontal movable inner panel is positioned between the rail panel and the glass wall, and is movable from horizontal alignment with the rail panel to above the rail panel. A similar outer panel is positioned between the inner panel and the glass wall and is movable from horizontal alignment with the rail panel to below the rail panel. Panel mounting means supported from the building are adapted to movably support the inner and outer panels so that one may be moved above and the other below the rail panel to provide a translucent thermal barrier between the upper and lower portions of the glass wall and the inside of the building. The inner and outer panels are of similar weights so they balance each other. Each of the inner and outer panels may be made from several panel sections flexibly connected together. An automatic control system operates the movable inner and outer panels to create comfortable temperatures inside the building all year around.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a building having at least two floors and a two-story high glass wall generally facing in a southerly direction, a thermal barrier comprising: (A) a thermal-insulated stationary rail panel mounted behind said glass wall and in a position intermediate between the top and bottom of said glass wall; (B) a translucent thermal-insulated vertically movable inner panel positionable between the vertical plane of said rail panel and said glass wall and adapted to be moved into a position in horizontal alignment with said rail panel; (C) a translucent thermal-insulated vertically movable outer panel positionable between the vertical plane of said inner panel and said glass wall and adapted to be moved into a position in horizontal alignment with said rail panel and spaced a predetermined distance from said glass wall to form an air space between said outer panel and said glass wall; and (D) panel mounting means connected to said building and adapted to movably support said inner panel and said outer panel so that one of said panels may be move from adjacent said ral panel to above said ral panel to provide a translucent thermal barrier between the upper portion of said glass wall and the inside of said building, and the other of said panels may be moved from adjacent said rail panel to below said rail panel to provide a translucent thermal barrier between the lower portion of said glass wall and the inside of said building; and (E) whereby when said inner and outer panels are in horizontal alignment with said rail panel, heated air in said air space rises via convection and passes over said horizontally aligned panels into the interior of said building and is replaced by cooler interior air entering from below said horizontally aligned panels. 2. A thermal barrier according to claim 1 wherein said panel mounting means connected to said building comprises: (E) a horizontal rotatable axle supported from the roof of said building; (F) a plurality of sprocket wheels mounted on said rotatable axle; and (G) a plurality of chains, with each of said chains connected at one end to said inner panel and at the other end to said outer panel and passing over and being driven by one of said sprocket wheels. 3. A thermal barrier according to claim 2 wherein each of said inner and outer panels is of substantially the same weight so that said inner and outer panels balance each other. 4. A thermal barrier according to claim 1 wherein each of said inner and outer panels comprises light-transmitting walls separated by a translucent thermal insulation. 5. A thermal barrier according to claim 3 wherein each of said inner and outer panels comprises light-transmitting walls separated by a translucent thermal insulation. 6. A thermal barrier according to claim 4 wherein each of said inner and outer panels comprises a plurality of panel sections flexibly connected together. 7. A thermal barrier according to claim 6 wherein each of said inner and outer panels comprises three panel sections connected together by hinges. 8. A thermal barrier according to claim 5 wherein each of said inner and outer panels comprises three panel sections connected together by hinge means. 9. A thermal barrier according to claim 6 further comprising channel guide means coupling each of said inner and outer panels to said rail panel. 10. A thermal barrier according to claim 8 wherein each of said panel sections is coupled to said rail panel by channel guide means. 11. A thermal barrier according to claim 10 wherein said hinge means comprises an upper hinge connecting the upper portions of adjacent panel sections together and a lower hinge connecting the lower portions of adjacent panel sections together. 12. A thermal barrier according to claim 11 wherein said channel guide means for adjacent panel sections comprises a left trim piece mounted along the right vertical edge of a panel section and a right trim piece mounted along the left vertical edge of the adjacent panel section, and a guide knob projecting from the rail panel and slidably movable within said left and right trim pieces. 13. A thermal barrier according to claim 9 further comprising second channel guide means coupling the outside edge of each of said inner and outer panels to said building. 14. A thermal barrier according to claim 12 further comprising second channel guide means coupling the outer edge of each of said inner and outer panels to said building. 15. A thermal barrier according to claim 14 wherein said second channel guide means comprises a channel guide roller projecting from each of the outer edges of said inner and outer panels into an associated vertical channel mounted on said building. 16. A thermal barrier according to claim 4 wherein said rail panel has a lower rail panel extension projecting toward said glass wall. 17. A thermal barrier according to claim 16 wherein said inner panel abuts said rail panel extension when said inner panel is positioned in horizontal alignment with said rail panel. 18. A thermal barrier according to claim 16 wherein said rail panel has a top horizontal railing with an adjacent extension partially extending from said rail panel toward said glass wall, said inner panel has a horizontal extension extending from its lower edge toward said rail panel, and sealing means mounted along the lower edge of said adjacent extension adapted to be pressed between said inner panel horizontal extension and said adjacent extension beneath said top horizontal railing when said inner panel is in its maximum upper position adjacent said glass wall. 19. A thermal barrier according to claim 16 wherein said outer panel has a horizontal extension extending from its upper edge toward said rail panel, and sealing means mounted along the upper outer edge of said lower rail panel extension and adapted to be pressed between said outer panel horizontal extension and said lower rail panel extension when said outer panel is in its maximum lower position adjacent said glass wall. 20. A thermal barrier according to claim 18 wherein said outer panel has a horizontal extension extending from its upper edge toward said rail panel, and second sealing means mounted along the upper outer edge of said lower rail panel extension and adapted to be pressed between said outer panel horizontal extension and said lower rail panel extension when said outer panel is in its maximum lower position adjacent said glass wall, whereby said inner and outer panels and said rail panel are adapted to provide a complete thermal barrier between the inside of said building and said glass wall when said inner and outer panels are moved to their maximum positions away from said rail panel. 21. A thermal barrier according to claim 2 further comprising: (H) motor drive means coupled to said horizontal rotatable axle for rotating said axle to move said inner and outer panels from adjacent said rail panel to above and below said rail panel; (I) control means coupled to said motor drive means for controlling said motor-drive means; (J) an indoor sensor connected to said contol means; and (K) a solar sensor mounted between said inner and outer panels and said glass wall and connected to said control means; (L) said control means being responsive to predetermined conditions of said indoor sensor and said solar sensor for operating said motor drive means to move said inner and outer panels from adjacent said rail panel to above and below said rail panel to provide a translucent thermal barrier between said glass wall and the inside of said building. 22. A thermal barrier according to claim 21 further comprising a thermostat, and backup heating means responsive to said thermostat for heating the building in accordance with a predetermined temperature condition sensed by said thermostat. 23. A thermal barrier according to claim 22 further comprising cooling means responsive to said thermostat for cooling the building in accordance with a predetermined condition sensed by said thermostat. 24. A thermal barrier according to claim 1 wherein each of said translucent inner and outer panels comprises two translucent panels separated by a multi-layered light-transmitting insulation. 25. A thermal barrier according to claim 24 wherein said multi-layered light-transmitting insulation comprises a plurality of clear plastic sheets on which are flat bubbles of plastic. 26. A thermal barrier according to claim 25 wherein said flat bubbles are about three-eighths inch thick. 27. A thermal barrier according to claim 26 wherein said multi-layered light-transmitting insulation comprises about eight layers. 28. A thermal barrier according to claim 27 wherein said multi-layered light-transmitting insulation is about three inches thick. 29. A thermal barrier according to claim 24 wherein each of said translucent inner and outer panels is at least three inches thick. 30. A thermal barrier according to claim 27 wherein said multi-layered light-transmitting insulation is about three inches thick. 31. A thermal barrier according to claim 13 further comprising a vertical sealing member parallelling said second channel guide means along the outside edge of each of said inner and outer panels and adapted to provide a thermal seal between said inner and outer panels and said building when said inner and outer panels are positioned above and below said rail panel. 32. A thermal barrier according to claim 21 wherein said control means is responsive to a temperature sensed by said solar sensor which is higher than a temperature sensed by said indoor sensor to align said inner and outer panels with said rail panel. 33. A thermal barrier according to claim 21 further comprising an outdoor sensor, said control means being responsive to a difference between the temperatures sensed by said outdoor sensor and said indoor sensor to move said inner and outer panels to above and below said rail panel. 34. In a building having a glass wall, a thermal barrier comprising: (A) a thermal-insulated stationary rail panel supported behind said glass wall and in a position intermediate between the top and bottom of said glass wall; (B) a light-transmitting thermal-insulated vertically movable first panel adapted to be moved into a position in horizontal alignment with said rail panel; (C) a light-transmitting thermal-insulated vertically movable second panel adapted to be moved into a position in horizontal alignment with said rail panel and spaced a predetermined distance from said glass wall to form an air space between said second panel and said glass wall; (D) panel mounting means connected to said building and adapted to movably support said first panel and said second panel so that one of said panels may be moved from horizontal alignment with said rail panel to above said rail panel to provide a light-transmitting thermal barrier between the upper portion of said glass wall and the inside of said building, and the other of said panels may be moved from horizontal alignment with said rail panel to below said rail panel to provide a light-transmitting thermal barrier between the lower portion of said glass wall and the inside of said building; and (E) whereby when said first and second panels are in horizontal alignment with said rail panel, heated air in said air space rises via convection and passes over said horizontally aligned panels into the interior of said building and is replaced by cooler interior air entering from below said horizontally aligned panels. 35. A thermal barrier according to claim 34 wherein each of said light-transmitting first and second panels comprises two light-transmitting panels separated by a multi-layered light-transmitting insulation. 36. A thermal barrier according to claim 35 wherein said multi-layered light-transmitting insulation comprises a plurality of clear plastic sheets on which are flat bubbles of plastic. 37. A thermal barrier according to claim 36 wherein said flat bubbles are about three-eighths inch thick. 38. A thermal barrier according to claim 37 wherein said multi-layered light-transmitting insulation comprises about eight layers. 39. A thermal barrier according to claim 35 wherein each of said light-transmitting first and second panels is at least three inches thick. 40. A thermal barrier according to claim 34 wherein said panel mounting means connected to said building comprises: (E) a plurality of support members; and (F) a plurality of flexible connecting members, with each of said flexible connecting member connected between said first and second panels via one of said support members. 41. A thermal barrier according to claim 40 wherein each of said first and second panels is of substantially the same weight so that said first and second panels balance each other. 42. A thermal barrier according to claim 34 wherein each of said first and second panels comprises light-transmitting walls separated by light-transmitting thermal insulation. 43. A thermal barrier according to claim 41 wherein each of said first and second panels comprises light-transmitting walls separated by translucent thermal insulation. 44. A thermal barrier according to claim 34 wherein each of said first and second panels comprises a plurality of panel sections flexibly connected together. 45. A thermal barrier according to claim 44 further comprising channel guide means coupling each of said first and second panels to said rail panel. 46. A thermal barrier according to claim 34 furher comprising channel guide means coupling the outer edge of each of said first and second panels to said building. 47. A thermal barrier according to claim 34 wherein said panel mounting means comprises: (E) a horizontal rotatable axle supported from the roof of said building; (F) a plurality of sprocket wheels mounted on said rotatable axle; and (G) a plurality of chains, with each of said chains connected at one end to said first panel and at the other end to said second panel and passing over one of said sprocket wheels. 48. A thermal barrier according to claim 47 further comprising: (H) motor drive means coupled to said horizontal rotatable axle for rotating said axle to move said first and second panels from adjacent said rail panel to above and below said rail panel; (I) control means coupled to said motor drive means for controlling said motor drive means; (J) an indoor sensor connected to said control means; and (K) a solar sensor connected to said control means; (L) said control means being responsive to predetermined conditions sensed by said indoor sensor and said solar sensor for operating said motor drive means to move said first and second panels from adjacent said rail panel to above and below said rail panel to provide a translucent thermal barrier between said glass wall and the inside of said building. 49. A thermal barrier according to claim 48 further comprising: (M) an outdoor temperature sensor connected to the outside of said building and coupled to said control means; (N) said control means also being responsive to a predetermined condition sensed by said outdoor temperature sensor for operating said motor drive means to provide or remove the translucent thermal barrier from between said glass wall and the inside of said building. 50. A thermal barrier according to claim 46 further comprising a vertical sealing member parallelling said channel guide means along the outside edge of each of said first and second panels and adapted to provide a thermal seal between said first and second panels and said building when said first and second panels are positioned above and below said rail panel. 51. A thermal barrier according to claim 48 wherein said control means is responsive to a temperature sensed by said solar sensor which is higher than a temperature sensed by said indoor sensor to align said first and second panels with said rail panel. 52. A thermal barrier according to claim 51 further comprising an outdoor sensor, said control means being responsive to a difference between the temperature sensed by said outdoor sensor and said indoor sensor to move said first and second panels to above and below said rail panel. 