A hemispherical oven body is formed from two concentric, spaced apart hemispherical shells having thermal insulation between and with spacing maintained by thermally insulating spacers in a triangular array. A single elongated fastener through the center point of each shell holds the shells together and provides a sighting point for aiming the oven at the sun. The shell edges at the oven face are closed by a resilient seal ring that extends above the shell edges and contacts a cover disk of glazing material. Combination hinge/handles are located at diametrically opposite sides of the cover disk, and a hinge pin on an edge of the oven body engages one of the handle/hinges. A reflector panel assembly includes a closed geometric figure formed by hinge rods connected at opposite ends to common anchors, which connect the hinge rods to the cover disk. The reflector panels pivot on the hinge rods to fold against the cover disk. A cross member formed from intersecting rods holds the reflector panels in operative position and cooperates with the fastener between the shells in providing a sighting aid for aiming the oven. A frusto-conical base supports the oven body for gimballed aiming and is sized to fit inside the oven cavity for storage.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar powered oven, comprising: (a) a generally hemispherical oven body assembly having inner and outer hemispherical shells, said inner shell defining an interior supporting surface for, in use, carrying a cooking container, said outer hemispherical shell substantially concentric spaced from said inner shell; (b) a cover assembly of solar radiation permeable material; (c) means for releasably attaching said cover assembly to said oven body over the non-hemispheric face thereof; (d) reflector means for directing solar radiation through said cover assembly; (e) means for indicating alignment of the oven face with a source of solar radiation; and (f) further comprising thermally isolating spacer means for separating and spacing said outer hemispheric shells from said inner hemispherical shell and aligning the shells in substantially concentric relationship, wherein said spacer means comprises a plurality of at least three cork bodies located at spaced apart locations between said hemispheric shells. 2. The solar powered oven of claim 1, further comprising an elongated fastener means engaging said inner and outer shells for urging said shells mutually against said spacer means. 3. The solar powered oven of claim 2, wherein said fastener means engages both of said shells substantially at the central point of each hemispheric shell. 4. The solar powered oven of claim 3, wherein said fastener means comprises a single bolt. 5. The solar powered oven of claim 3, wherein said spacer means comprises a plurality of at least three spacer bodies arranged substantially equidistant from each other and from said central point of each hemispheric shell. 6. The solar powered oven of claim 5, wherein each of said spacer bodies is separated from the edge of said hemispheric shells by an arc of shell wall of approximately sixty degrees. 7. A solar powered oven, comprising: (a) a generally hemispherical oven body assembly defining an interior supporting surface for, in use, carrying a cooking container; (b) a cover assembly of solar radiation permeable material; (c) means for releasably attaching said cover assembly to said oven body over the non-hemispheric face thereof; (d) reflector means for directing solar radiation through said cover assembly; (e) means for indicating alignment of the oven face with a source of solar radiation; and (f) wherein said cover attaching means comprises: (1) a hinge pin spaced radially from the edge of said oven body, oriented substantially parallel to the plane of the oven face and approximately perpendicular to a radius of the hemispherical oven body passing therethrough; (2) bracket means mounting said hinge pin to the oven body; and (3) a U-shaped hinge means having one wall thereof connected to said cover assembly and adapted to receive said hinge pin through the open top thereof for pivotal motion on the hinge pin. 8. The solar powered oven of claim 7, wherein said base means comprises a frusto-conical support having a major diameter smaller than the interior diameter of said hemispherical oven body and having a height and minor diameter such that the support fits substantially entirely inside the oven body for storage. 9. The solar powered oven of claim 7, wherein said cover assembly comprises a disk of sheet material having a handle means connected thereto at a position opposite from said U-shaped hinge means. 10. The solar powered oven of claim 9, wherein said handle means comprises a U-shaped hinge capable of engagement with said hinge pin. 11. The solar powered oven of claim 7, wherein said reflector means comprises: a plurality of at least four reflector panels; and a hinge rod assembly having a separate hinge rod corresponding to each of said plurality of reflector panels, each rod carrying its respective reflector panel in hinged relationship, and having anchor means associated with each end of each hinge rod and joining each rod end to an end of another rod of the assembly to form a closed geometric figure independent of the cover assembly for connecting said hinge rod assembly to the cover assembly. 12. The solar powered oven of claim 11, wherein said alignment indicating means comprises a rigid cross member connected to at least four of said reflector panels in opposite pairs for structurally spacing and maintaining said panels in operative position, and wherein said cross member includes a central intersection of cross member components, said intersection being substantially equidistant from each of said four reflector panels and spaced above said cover assembly for casting an aligning shadow on the cover assembly. 