A device for reflecting solar thermal radiation through an easterly-westerly oriented window having a reflecting surface (16) hinged (19), (19a) along the north side of the window in a manner which provides for its upwardly facing tilt as it swings away from the building wall and hinged (21), (21a) along its upper side for use as a solar shade. Sandwiched insulation (41) behind the reflecting surface (16) and a peripheral spacer (42) are also provided for insulating the window opening when the device is pivoted to a closed position against the building wall.
Claims I claim: 1. A device for heating absorbant surfaces within an enclosed space with solar thermal radiation, comprising: an enclosure having an opening with a generally east or west orientation formed in a wall thereof; a frame means mounted to the exterior wall of said enclosure adjacent to the north side of the opening, at an angle such that the plane in which the frame lies intersects with the plane in which the opening lies at a line which forms an angle with a generally vertical line at the north side of the opening, the intersecting line bearing north from the point it intersects with said vertical line; and a reflecting surface supported by said frame means whereby the sun's rays are reflected upwardly and inwardly through said opening when the sun is south of the opening. 2. The device of claim 1 further comprising: an upper wall bracket extending from the wall of said enclosure adjacent the upper north corner of the opening; a lower wall bracket extending from the wall of said enclosure adjacent the lower north corner of the opening, a short distance beyond the upper wall bracket; an upper frame bracket extending from the upper north corner of said frame; a lower frame bracket extending from the lower north corner of said frame a distance beyond the upper frame bracket equal to the distance said lower wall bracket extends beyond said upper wall bracket; and upper and lower coaxial hinge means connecting said upper wall and frame brackets and said lower wall and frame brackets, respectively, whereby the frame can be pivoted to a closed position substantially parallel to the plane of the opening and to positions away from the opening in which it will face upwardly. 3. The device of claim 2 wherein said frame means includes: a portion having an opening in its center; and a portion for supporting said reflecting surface, hingedly mounted on the upper edge of said open frame portion, along a line generally perpendicular to the axes of said coaxial hinge means, whereby the rear side of said reflecting surface may adjustably shade the interior of the enclosure when the sun is not substantially south of the opening. 4. The device of claim 3 further comprising: a translucent planar surface mounted within the wall opening and coplanar therewith; spacer means affixed to the perimeter of the reflecting surface for contacting the portion of the enclosure wall surrounding the opening formed therein, whereby an insulating air space willl be created when the frame is pivoted to a closed position and its supporting portion is adjusted to be coplanar with its portion which has an opening. 5. The device of claim 4 further including a compressible seal on the contacting edge of the spacer means. 6. The device of claim 5 further comprising: insulation affixed to the rear side of said reflecting surface. 7. The device of claim 2 wherein said frame means includes: a portion open in its center; and a rigid, opaque portion for supporting said reflecting surface, hingedly mounted on the upper edge of said open frame portion along a line generally perpendicular to the axes of said coaxial hinge means, whereby said opaque supporting portion may adjustably shade the interior of the enclosure when the sun is not substantially south of the opening. 8. A device for heating absorbant surfaces within an enclosed space with solar thermal radiation, comprising: an enclosure having an opening with a generally east or west orientation formed in a substantially vertical wall thereof; an open frame hingedly mounted to the exterior wall of said enclosure along a horizontal line adjacent to and above the opening; hinge means, oriented generally vertically for mounting a supporting frame to the north side of said open frame, said hinge means including: an upper open frame bracket extending from the upper north corner of the open frame; a lower open frame bracket extending from the lower north corner of the open frame a short distance beyond the upper open frame bracket; an upper supporting frame bracket extending from the upper north corner of the supporting frame; a lower supporting frame bracket extending from the lower north corner of said support frame a distance beyond the upper supporting frame bracket equal to the distance said lower open frame bracket extends beyond said upper open frame bracket; and upper and lower coaxial hinge means connecting said upper open and supporting frame brackets and said lower open and supporting frame brackets, respectively, whereby said supporting frame can be pivoted to a closed position substantially parallel to the plane of the opening and to a position away from the opening in which it will face upwardly; and a reflecting surface generally coplanar with and supported by the supporting frame so as to reflect solar thermal radiation upwardly and inwardly through the opening into the enclosure. 9. The device of claim 8 further comprising; a translucent planar surface mounted within the opening and coplanar therewith; spacer means affixed to the perimeter of the reflecting surface for contacting the portion of the enclosure wall surrounding the opening therein when the said frames are pivoted to a closed position, whereby an insulating air space will be created. 10. The device of claim 9 further comprising: a compressible seal on the contacting edge of the spacer means. 11. The device of claim 10 further comprising: insulation affixed to the rear side of said reflecting surface. 12. The device of claim 8 wherein said supporting frame is further characterized as being opaque, whereby said opaque supporting frame may adjustably shade the interior of the enclosure when the sun is not substantially south of the opening. 