A photo-electric sensor comprised of a wafer of semiconductor material with a first plurality of photodetectors integral with its rear surface, its front surface being an electrode comprised of a transparent layer of electrically conductive material, has those detectors so spaced apart from each other that the total array can be sampled by a second plurality of charge coupled device multiplexers, each of which multiplexers has its input terminals spaced closer together than are the photodetectors. Each multiplexer input terminal is mechanically and electrically coupled to a photodetector through metallic leads and columns, such leads and columns being so configured as to preclude obtrusion of multiplexer structure into space outside the wafer's lateral extremities, which results in no "dead" space in a focal plane consisting of either one sensor or a plurality thereof abutting each other.
Claims What I claim is: 1. A wafer of properly doped photoconductive semiconductor material having a front and rear surface and a first plurality of charge coupled device multiplexers having input terminals; said front surface being transparent to electromagnetic energy in the frequency range of photoconductivity of said wafer and being electrically conductive to electromagnetic energy of at least some lower frequency; heat sink means in good thermal contact with said wafer rear surface; said rear surface having a second plurality of photodetectors integral with said wafer and disposed uniformly thereover in such a fashion that distance between adjacent photodetectors is greater than the distance between adjacent input terminals of said multiplexers, distance between detectors closest to a rear surface edge and the edge itself being half the distance between adjacent detectors; an insulative layer deposited over said rear surface having electrically conductive columns thereon so disposed as to be directly opposite said input terminals of said multiplexers; and electrical conductor means coupling said photodetectors to said conductive columns, said conductive columns being mechanically bonded and electrically coupled to said input terminals. 2. The combination, recited in claim 1, wherein said photoconductive semiconductor material is silicon doped with Indium at a concentration of from 0.8 to 3.0.times.10.sup.17 Indium atoms per cubic centimeter. 3. The combination recited in claim 1 wherein said photodetectors comprise deposits of material having different spectral response. 4. The combination recited in claim 1 wherein said photodetectors comprise deposits of one of the materials taken from the class composed of Selenium, Indium and Gallium. 5. The combination recited in claim 3 wherein said photodetectors are comprised of deposits of more than one type of chemical composition and wherein said different compositions display different response to a given intensity and frequency of electromagnetic energy impingeant thereon. 6. The combination recited in claim 1 including a structural case having electrically conductive pins, said pins capable of providing operational power and other electrical signals to the combination from sources in external signal processing systems with which said combination is used, with said combination attached to and physically supported by said structural case. 7. The combination recited in (C) claim (3) 1 including a structural case having electrically conductive pins useable for mounting said combination to structure and for coupling operational power and signal voltages between said combination and external signal processing systems. 8. The combination recited in claim 6 including a structural case having electrically conductive pins useable for mounting said combination to structure and for coupling operational power and signal voltages between said combination and external signal processing systems. 9. The combination recited in claim 8 wherein said multiplexers and structural case do not intrude into space beyond the outermost photodetectors of said wafer. 10. The combination recited in claim 8 wherein said multiplexers and structural case do not intrude into space beyond the outermost photodetectors of said wafer. 11. A plurality of the combination recited in claim 7, so mounted to structure as to have said combinations adjacent each other in edge to edge array useable as a focal plane. 12. A photo-electric sensor comprising, in combination, a wafer of intrinsic semiconductor material having a front and a rear surface, a first plurality of photovoltaic detectors disposed over said rear surface in a uniformly spaced linear array, said detectors integral with said wafer, a layer of insulative material covering said photovoltaic detectors, electrically conductive columns disposed on said layer, and electrical conductor means coupling each photovoltaic detector to one of such columns, and a second plurality of multiplexer means having input terminals and disposed uniformly thereover in such a fashion that distance between adjacent photodetectors is greater than the distance between adjacent input terminals of said multiplexers, distance between detectors closest to a rear surface edge and the edge itself being half the distance between adjacent detectors, each input terminal so disposed as to be directly opposite one of said conductive columns and being electrically and mechanically bonded to such column. 13. The sensor of claim 12 including a structural case having electrically conductive pins useable for mounting said sensor to structure and for coupling operational power and signal voltages between said sensor and external signal processing systems. 14. The sensor recited in claim 13 wherein said multiplexers do not intrude into space beyond the outermost detectors of said wafer. 15. The sensor recited in claim 14 so mounted to structure as to form an edge to edge array with similar combinations, the totality of such combinations comprising a focal plane with no dead space thereon. 