A solar energy collection system including a collector having an absorber structure in the form of a closed chamber defined between an upper sheet comprised of a thin metal sheet or foil and an under layer. The under layer includes a plurality of supports that extend upwardly to provide support for the upper sheet and define flow paths for the heat exchange medium. The support can be in the form of a plurality of protuberances around which the heat transfer medium can pass or a plurality of ribs that extend across the width of the collector to define flow paths for the transfer medium between them. If ribs are used, grooves can also be placed across the flow paths to effect some degree of turbulence to the flowing medium. The medium is directed to and collected from the absorber through a header arrangement provided on each side of the absorber. The collection system also includes a storage device and medium circulation means to circulate the heat exchange medium through the system at temperatures above a predetermined minimum.
Claims What I claim is: 1. A solar collector for collecting solar energy from the sun and exchanging that energy to a liquid heat exchange medium comprising an outer housing having side, end and bottom walls, insulation means for insulating the side, end and bottom walls, a closed medium chamber assembly consisting of spaced apart upper and lower sheets enclosed by said side and end walls, and header means positioned on opposite sides of said closed medium chamber assembly for directing the liquid heat exchange medium to and from said closed medium chamber assembly, respectively, pump means for circulating said liquid heat exchange medium to and from said header means and through said closed medium chamber assembly under a predetermined pressure, wherein said upper sheet consists of a thin metal sheet about 1/64th of an inch thick and said lower sheet consists of a thin plastic sheet which includes a plurality of spaced apart rib means extending upwardly from and along the surface of said lower sheet from one side to the other for supporting said upper sheet and for defining between the metal and plastic sheets a plurality of flow paths for the medium through said closed medium chamber assembly, said rib means having a height that can vary from about 1/16th of an inch to about 1/4th of an inch, said lower sheet further including means for defining a plurality of shallow, downwardly directed grooves extending between said rib means and normally thereto and across the bottom of each of said plurality of flow paths. 2. A solar collector as in claim 1 further including at least one transparent panel retained within said side and end walls and spaced above said closed medium chamber assembly. 3. A solar collector as in claim 2, wherein said plurality of grooves extend perpendicularly to the flow path of said liquid heat exchange medium. 4. A solar collector as in claim 3 further including temperature sensing means for monitoring and indicating the temperature within said solar collector. 5. A solar collector as in claim 4 further including means for storing a predetermined quantity of said liquid heat exchange medium and wherein said circulation means circulates said liquid heat exchange medium between said storing means and said solar collector when temperatures within said solar collector are above a predetermined temperature. 6. A solar collector as in claim 2, wherein said solar collector includes a pair of spaced apart transparent panels. 7. A solar collector as in claim 1, wherein said upper sheet comprises steel. 8. A solar collector as in claim 1, wherein said upper sheet comprises copper. 9. A solar collector as in claim 1, wherein the exterior surface of said upper surface is coated with a dark, energy absorbing color. 10. A solar collector as in claim 9, wherein said lower sheet comprises a plastic material. 11. A solar collector as in claim 10, wherein said upper and lower sheets are bonded together at least along the side edges thereof. 12. A solar collector as in claim 1, wherein said plurality of grooves each have a depth less than one half the height of said rib means. 