A modular solar radiation concentrator consists of many identical reflective panels (1), each having the shape of a portion of the surface of a sphere. The panels (1) are mass produced, mounted between a pair of horizontal beams (2) so they can partially rotate about two orthogonal axes, and aligned as part of multi-beam (2) modules (3) on a test fixture so that all panels (1) reflect distant radiation upon a small aperture (36). Spaces occur between all panels (1) when mounted in the concentrator. The reflector support structure (4) has a finite number of identically angled bends so that the overall reflector (47) approximates the surface of a sphere. A solar radiation receiver (34) is hingedly suspended to the support structure (4) at the focal point of each of the panels (1). The reflector (47) is mounted upon an azimuth/elevation mount (6, 46), which rotates reflector (47) 360.degree. about a vertical azimuth axis and 90.degree. or more about an orthogonal elevation axis.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A point focusing solar radiation concentrator comprising: a reflector consisting of several reflective panels each having uniform size and shape, each having a surface area which is a portion of a sphere, and each being substantially equidistant from a small focal aperture; a solar radiation receiver fixedly positioned at said focal aperture; wherein the distance between said focal aperture and each panel is substantially equal to one half of the radius of curvature of said panel; and said panels are individually pointed to reflect solar radiation onto said focal aperture; wherein the reflector is supported by an azimuth/elevation mount wherein rotation about an azimuthal axis is achieved by means of a rotating turret generally in the shape of an inverted pyramid supporting said reflector; said concentrator further comprising a base generally in the shape of a pyramid rotatably supporting said turret and rigidly mounted to a mounting surface. 2. The concentrator of claim 1 wherein said turret comprises a box supporting the reflector, a drive wheel for imparting azimuthal motion to the turret/reflector, and a vertical generally cylindrical torque tube connecting the box with the drive wheel. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein fluid pipes and/or electrical wires are carried through receiver struts connecting the radiation receiver with the reflector, said tubes passing through the torque tube to the mounting surface. 4. The concentrator of claim 2 wherein a chain is wrapped tightly around the drive wheel and is engaged by a sprocket connected to an electric azimuth drive motor mounted on the base. 5. The concentrator of claim 4 wherein the base comprises: a circular horizontal platform supporting the box, which rotates about the platform on a set of wheels; and at least three legs connecting the platform with the mounting surface, wherein the legs flare radially outward from top to bottom. 