An improved heliostat comprises a focusing reflector having a toroidal configuration. Mounting means for the reflector comprises means defining a first axis parallel to the earth's polar axis, and means defining a declination axis perpendicular to the first axis. The reflector is mounted for rotation about the declination axis. The means defining the declination axis and the reflector are jointly rotatable about the first axis. A field of heliostats in accordance with the present invention may be arranged to reflect solar radiation to a common receiver. A suitable heliostat field arrangement is a field lying in a plane which is inclined with respect to a horizontal plane at the earth's surface. Also disclosed is a deflecting means for each heliostat facilitating rapid focusing of all heliostats in a field upon the receiver, or rapid defocusing of the field.
Claims I claim: 1. A heliostat comprising: a concave focusing reflector formed as a section of a toroid defined by two unequal radii of curvature in mutually perpendicular planes; means for defining a first axis parallel to the earth's polar axis; means for defining a declination axis perpendicular thereto, said means defining said declination axis being fixed to said means defining said first axis; mounting means for mounting said reflector for rotation about said declination axis and about said first axis; and means for driving said reflector in rotation at variable speed about both said axes. 2. A heliostat comprising: a focusing reflector comprising the concave face of a section of a toroidal surface and defined by two unequal radii of curvature in mutually perpendicular planes; means defining a first axis parallel to the earth's polar axis; means defining a declination axis perpendicular to and intersecting said first axis; said means defining said declination axis being mounted for rotation about said first axis; said reflector being mounted for rotation about said declination axis and for joint rotation about said first axis with said means defining said declination axis; first variable speed drive means for rotating said declination axis and said reflector about said first axis; and second variable speed drive means for rotating said reflector about said declination axis. 3. A method for directing solar energy to a fixed position comprising: positioning a focusing reflector to receive solar energy and to reflect such energy to said position, said reflector formed as a section of a toroid defined by two unequal radii of curvature in mutually perpendicular planes; rotating said reflector about a first axis parallel to the earth's polar axis at a first rate; rotating said reflector about a second axis intersecting and perpendicular to said first axis at a second rate, rotation of said reflector about said second axis being independent of rotation of said reflector about said first axis; and simultaneously rotating said second axis about said first axis at said first rate. 4. Deflection means for a heliostat comprising: a reflector; means supporting said reflector for rotation about at least two axes; and means for rapidly altering the spatial relationship between said reflector and at least one of said axes. 5. A heliostat as in claim 1, wherein said mounting means comprises: first bearing means mounting said reflector and said means defining said declination axis for rotation about said first axis; and second bearing means mounting said reflector for rotation about said declination axis. 6. A heliostat as in claim 5, wherein said means for defining said first axis comprises: support means having said first bearing means affixed thereto; and adjustment means for varying the orientation of said support means, thereby orienting said first axis parallel to the earth's polar axis. 7. A heliostat as in claim 6, wherein said support means comprises a base plate, and said adjustment means comprises a hinge for pivotally supporting one edge of said plate and further means to fix the position of said plate on said hinge. 8. A heliostat as in claim 5, wherein said means for defining said first axis comprises: a fixed support; wedge means mounted on said support; and said first bearing means mounted on said wedge means, wherein the configuration of said wedge means is chosen so as to align said first axis with the earth's polar axis. 9. A heliostat as in claim 5, further comprising means for altering the position of said reflector in relation to said declination axis. 10. A heliostat as in claim 1, wherein said means for driving said reflector comprises: first variable drive means for rotating said reflector and said means defining said declination axis at variable speed about said first axis; and second variable drive means for rotating said reflector at variable speed about said declination axis. 11. A heliostat as in claim 9 wherein said second bearing means comprises: a first bearing element associated with said declination axis and said reflector and mounted at a fixed distance from said reflector; a second bearing element associated with said declination axis and said reflector and mounted at a variable distance from said reflector; and actuator means for varying the distance of said second bearing element from said reflector, thereby altering the position of said reflector in relation to the declination axis. 12. A heliostat as in claim 11, wherein said actuator means comprise hydraulic means for varying the distance between said reflector and said second bearing element. 13. A field comprising a plurality of heliostats as in any one of claims 1, 2, 9, 11 and 12, positioned generally in a plane which is inclined with respect to a horizontal plane at the earth's surface. 14. A field as in claim 13, wherein each of said heliostats reflects solar radiation incident thereto to a common point, said plane of said array being inclined upwardly in a direction away from said common point. 15. A field comprising a plurality of heliostats according to claim 1 or 2, wherein each of said heliostats reflects solar radiation incident thereto to a common point, further comprising defocusing means for rapidly directing solar radiation reflected from each respective heliostat to different points. 16. A field comprising a plurality of heliostats according to claim 1 or 2, wherein each of said heliostats reflects solar radiation incident thereto to respective different points, and focusing means for rapidly directing solar radiation reflected from each respective heliostat to a common point. 17. A field comprising a plurality of heliostats as in claim 1 or 2, further comprising means associated with each heliostat for rapidly altering the position of the reflector associated with each heliostat in relation to its associated declination axis. 18. A field as in claim 17, wherein each of said heliostats reflects solar radiation incident thereto to a common point, and said means for altering the position of each reflector comprises means for rapidly moving each of said respective reflectors in a different direction. 19. A field as in claim 18, wherein each of said plurality of heliostats is in differing spatial relationship with respect to said common point, each declination axis being oriented differently so as to compensate for said differing spatial relationships and to direct solar radiation incident to each reflector to said common point, said means for altering the position of each reflector in relation to its associated declination axis comprising means for altering the position of each reflector in an identical manner with respect to its associated declination axis. 20. A method as in claim 3, comprising directing solar energy to a position which is laterally displaced relative to said first axis. 21. A method as in claim 3 or 20, comprising directing solar energy to a position which is displaced vertically from a horizontal plane containing the intersection of said first and second axes. 22. A method as in claim 3, comprising positioning a field of said reflectors to receive solar energy and to reflect such energy to said position; rotating each reflector about its respective first axis at a first rate peculiar to each reflector; rotating each reflector about its respective second axis at a second rate peculiar to each reflector; and simultaneously rotating said second axes about said respective first axes at said respective first rates. 23. A method as in claim 22 further comprising the step of rapidly altering the position of each of said reflectors so as to direct solar energy from each reflector to a respective different position other than said fixed position. 24. Deflection means as in claim 4, said means supporting said reflector comprising: means defining a first axis parallel to the earth's polar axis; means defining a declination axis intersecting and perpendicular to said first axis; and means supporting said reflector for rotation about said declination axis; and means for altering the spatial relationship between said reflector and said declination axis. 25. Deflection means as in claim 24, wherein said means for altering the spatial relationship between said reflector and said declination axis comprises: a first bearing element associated with said declination axis and said reflector, and mounted at a fixed distance from said reflector; a second bearing element associated with said declination axis and said reflector and mounted at a variable distance from said reflector; and actuator means for varying the distance of said second bearing means from said reflector, thereby altering the position of said reflector with respect to said declination axis. 26. Deflection means as in claim 24, wherein said actuator means comprises hydraulic means. 27. A method comprising: positioning a plurality of focusing reflectors to receive solar energy, each of said reflectors formed as a section of a toroid defined by two unequal radii of curvature in mutually perpendicular planes; directing the solar energy reflected from each of said reflectors to respectively different positions; and rapidly altering the position of each of said reflectors to direct solar energy reflected from all of said reflectors to a common point. 