A solar energy air-heating system readily installable on the exterior wall of a residence or other building, the system including a module constituted by a slab of rigid foam plastic thermal insulation material whose upper face is covered by a fibrous mat having a blackened surface to absorb solar energy. Each edge of the slab is secured to a molding also adapted to receive the corresponding edge of a flexible transparent panel whose width is greater than that of the slab, so that when the panel is bridged between the edge moldings, it forms an arched dome over the slab. By attaching a series of such modules in end-to-end relation vertically along the wall of the building, an air duct is created whose lower end is then coupled by an inlet fixture to a lower zone in the interior of the building and whose upper end is coupled by an outlet fixture to an upper zone in the interior, a flow loop being thereby formed between the duct and the interior. Because of the pressure differential developed between the upper and lower zones, air is drawn into the inlet, the air being heated in the course of its passage through the duct by heat transfer from the blackened surface. The heated air is discharged from the outlet to heat the interior.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar-energy air-heating system installable on an exterior wall of a building to heat the air in the interior thereof, said system comprising: (A) a plurality of open-ended, like modules attachable to said wall in a vertical series arrangement therein to define a series of interconnected air ducts, the number of modules in the series depending on the height of the building, each module being formed by a slab of rigid thermal insulation material having a predetermined length and width, the upper face of the slab being covered by a mat having a blackened surface to absorb solar energy, and a panel of flexible transparent plastic material having the same length as said slab and a greater width, the edges of said slab being secured to the corresponding edges of the panel by a molding provided with a mounting flange to permit attachment thereof to said wall, whereby the panel forms an arched dome over the slab to create an air duct in which air passing therethrough is heated by heat transferred thereto from the mat; (B) an inlet header coupled to the open end of the lowermost module in the series and communicating through an opening in said wall with a lower interior zone in said building; and (C) an outlet header coupled to the open end of the uppermost module in the series and communicating through an opening in said wall with an upper interior zone in said building, whereby the pressure differential developed between the inlet and outlet causes air from the lower zone to be drawn into said series of air ducts and to pass therethrough to be heated before being discharged into said upper zone. 2. A system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said slab is of foam plastic material. 3. A system as set forth in claim 2, wherein said material is of fire-resistant polyurethane foam. 4. A system as set forth in claim 2, wherein said slab has metal foil facings to form a structural laminate. 5. A system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said panel is of fiberglass. 6. A system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said panel is of polycarbonate. 7. A system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said mat is formed of non-woven fibers. 8. A system as set forth in claim 7, wherein said fibers are formed of refractory material. 9. A system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said mat is formed of a wire mesh. 10. A system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said molding has a horizontal channel to receive the edge of the slab and an inclined channel to receive the edge of the panel. 11. A system as set forth in claim 10, wherein said molding includes a second inclined channel to receive the edge of a second panel to create a double glazing. 12. A system as set forth in claim 11, wherein said molding is in a twin formation to create pairs of channels. 