A power assembly for rotating a display is simple, inexpensive, has long life, and can rotate even heavy displays. A housing mounts a d.c. motor having an output shaft, and has a support structure. A ball bearing assembly, having a second shaft, is stationarily held by the support structure, and a flexible tubular connector interconnects the motor output shaft and the second shaft. The display is attached to the second shaft by a flexible band of elastomeric material. An electronic circuit provides power pulses from a substantially constant d.c. power source (such as a bank of solar cells) to operate the d.c. motor.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A power assembly for rotating a hanging display, comprising: a housing; a d.c. motor having an output shaft extending downwardly in use; means for mounting said d.c. motor within said housing; a support structure operatively stationary with respect to said housing; a second shaft, distinct from said d.c. motor output shaft; means for mounting said second shaft to said support structure for rotation of said second shaft with respect to said support structure so that said second shaft and support structure carry the entire weight of a display operatively connected thereto independent of said d.c. motor output shaft; means associated with a portion of said second shaft for facilitating attachment of a display to said second shaft; and means for operatively connecting said second shaft to said d.c. motor output shaft so that rotation of said d.c. motor output shaft effects rotation of said second shaft with respect to said support structure. 2. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said means for mounting said second shaft to said support structure comprises a ball bearing assembly, a portion of said support structure holding said ball bearing assembly thereto. 3. An assembly as recited in claim 2 wherein said ball bearing assembly comprises an outer race, an inner race, and a plurality of balls disposed between said inner and outer races; said second shaft affixedly attached to said inner race; and said portion of said support structure for holding said ball bearing assembly holding said outer race stationary with respect to said support structure. 4. An assembly as recited in claim 3 wherein said means for operatively connecting said second shaft to said d.c. motor output shaft comprises means for interconnecting said shafts so that one revolution of said d.c. motor output shaft is translated to one revolution of said second shaft. 5. An assembly as recited in claim 4 wherein said means for operatively connecting said second shaft to said d.c. motor output shaft consists of a flexible tubular coupling. 6. An assembly as recited in claim 5 wherein said flexible tubular coupling comprises elastomeric material. 7. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said means for operatively connecting said second shaft to said d.c. motor output shaft consists of a flexible tubular coupling. 8. An assembly as recited in claim 7 wherein said flexible tubular coupling comprises elastomeric material. 9. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said support structure comprises a bottom portion of said housing, and wherein said means for mounting said d.c. motor within said housing comprises a tube of inexpensive cellulosic fibrous material extending between said support structure and said motor and surrounding said motor output shaft. 10. An assembly as recited in claim 9 wherein said housing is of inexpensive fibrous cellulosic material, and wherein said support structure comprises an operatively rigid plate attached to said housing and forming the bottom thereof. 11. An assembly as recited in claim 1 further comprising means for suspending said housing so that said output shaft from said d.c. motor extends generally downwardly, said suspending means operatively attached to said housing. 12. An assembly as recited in claim 11 wherein said means for suspending said housing comprises a flange and means defining a plurality of openings in said flange, said flange formed on said housing at an end thereof opposite said support structure, said openings each extending in a dimension generally perpendicular to said d.c. motor output shaft, and said openings spaced apart from each other in another dimension both perpendicular to said d.c. motor output shaft and to the dimension in which said openings extend. 13. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said means for operatively connecting said second shaft to said d.c. motor output shaft comprise reduction gearing means, said reduction gearing means mounted within said housing. 14. An assembly as recited in claim 1 in combination with a display, and a flexible band of elastomeric material interconnecting said display and said means associated with a portion of said second shaft for facilitating attachment of a display to said second shaft. 15. An assembly as recited in claim 14 further comprising electronic circuit means for supplying a timed pulse of electrical energy to said d.c. motor from a substantially constant source of d.c. power. 16. An assembly as recited in claim 15 wherein said electronic circuitry means is mounted within said housing at a portion thereof remote from said d.c. motor output shaft. 17. An assembly as recited in claim 16 wherein said electronic circuitry means consists essentially of a FET, a resistor, a capacitor, and a Zener diode. 18. An assembly as recited in claim 15 further in combination with at least one solar cell providing said d.c. power source. 19. A power assembly for rotating a hanging display, comprising: a housing; a d.c. motor having an output shaft; means for mounting said d.c. motor within said housing; a support structure operatively stationary with respect to said housing; a second shaft, distinct from said d.c. motor output shaft; means for mounting said second shaft to said support structure for rotation of said second shaft with respect to said support structure so that said second shaft and support structure carry the weight of a display operatively connected thereto; means associated with a portion of said second shaft for facilitating attachment of a display to said second shaft; and means for operatively connecting said second shaft to said d.c. motor output shaft so that rotation of said d.c. motor output shaft effects rotation of said second shaft with respect to said support structure, said connecting means comprising a flexible tubular coupling of elastomeric material having a first end thereof operatively attached to said d.c. motor output shaft, and having a second end thereof operatively attached to said second shaft. 