A mirror collector having a generally parabolic surface terminating near the vertex in a circular or cylindrical curve, a collector tube composed of a clear glass outer tube for energy admission and for passing an inner fluid, the collector being generally eliptical in nature constructed of copper with a selective absorption coating for receiving heat and positioned so that the mirror concentrates substantially all incoming energy upon the central collector tube for providing a concentration factor of about four (4).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy collection apparatus having: a support; at least one trough in the support, said at least one trough having an internal reflective surface comprising two oppositely disposed truncated parabolic sections rotated away from its vertical axis to create a wide angle of acceptance opening, and a reflective circular face joining the ends of said two parabolic sections which are opposite said acceptance opening, said reflective surface being molded with said support, said internal reflective surface having a focal line to which said internal reflective surface reflects incident solar energy; a heat entrapment collector cylinder formed of glass which is vacuum sealed and nested in said at least one trough and extending substantially along the focal line of said reflective surface such that a portion of the trough engages the heat entrapment collector cylinder therein which permits thermal expansion of said collector cylinder; and at least one metallic tube mounted within the heat entrapment collector cylinder. 2. A solar energy collection apparatus as defined in claim 1, wherein the metallic tube contains a working fluid for the transfer of solar energy incident thereon. 3. A solar energy collection apparatus as defined in claim 2, wherein the internal reflective surface comprises in part a thin aluminum sheet molded to the support. 4. A solar energy collection apparatus as defined in claim 3, wherein the heat entrapment collector cylinder engages the two parabolic surfaces such that the heat entrapment collector cylinder is spaced from the circular face. 5. A solar energy collection apparatus as defined in claim 4, wherein the metallic tube is coated with a radiation absorption material to facilitate heat reception by the working fluid and said collector cylinder is coated on its inner surface with an infrared reflective material. 6. A solar energy collection apparatus as defined in claim 5, wherein the structure comprises a base of polymerized concrete which supports a low density concrete, fiberglass and glass bead aggregate material, into which the troughs are formed, wherein the troughs have a layer coating of a plastic polymer and concrete mixture. 7. A solar energy collection apparatus as defined in claim 6, also having a low-iron glass plate secured to cover each of the troughs opposite the circular face. 8. A solar energy collection apparatus as defined in claim 7, wherein the working fluid is an ethylene glycol mixture. 9. A solar energy collector as set forth in claim 8 in which said support includes a plurality of troughs therein. 10. A method of forming a solar energy collection apparatus which comprises forming a metallic reflective surface to include two parabolic sections which are rotated away from its vertical axis with a reflective circular face joining the two parabolic surfaces together at their inner end and forming a support for said reflective surface as follows: (1) applying a layer of plastic polymer cement mix over said reflective surface then allowing the polymer-cement mix to harden; (2) pouring a mixture of cement, fiberglass and glass beads onto said hardened layer of plastic polymer-cement mix and permitting said cement, fiberglass and glass bead mixture to harden, and (3) pouring a thin layer of cement mix over said hardened mixture of cement, fiberglass and glass beads, placing said reflective surface support in a frame, mounting a metallic tube coaxially within a heat entrapment collector cylinder, evacuating said heat entrapment collector cylinder, and placing said heat entrapment collector cylinder into said reflective surface with said metallic tube loosely supported along a focal line of said reflective surface. 11. A method as set forth in claim 10 which includes placing a glass cover over said reflective surface. 