A housing for electrical components and equipment sent aloft with a weather balloon to measure atmospheric parameters comprises a light-weight polystyrene case that serves as a shipping container and flight package. The housing also includes an air duct and a humidity sensor in the duct. Means in the duct minimize the reflection of sunlight onto the sensor to maintain at ambient temperature the air which flows over a humidity sensor.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A radiosonde housing adapted for employment as both a shipping container and a flight package, said housing comprising an outer shell made of a light-weight material and a hollow interior in which sensing and transmitting components are retained for shipment of the radiosonde housing and thereafter for use when said radiosonde housing is in flight; said radiosonde housing comprising an air flow duct having an inlet port and an outlet port formed in said shell, and a humidity sensing element positioned in said duct intermediate said inlet and outlet ports; said air flow duct having a venturi configuration in cross-section, tapering toward said outlet port, said humidity sensing element being positioned nearer to said outlet port; said shell being integrally formed from bottom and top combinable parts, said bottom and top parts, when combined, enclose the sensing and transmitting components therein and form said air flow duct. 2. The radiosonde housing of claim 1, in which said housing is comprised of expanded polystyrene beads. 3. The radiosonde housing of claim 1, further comprising means on an interior wall of said air flow duct for minimizing the amount of incident sunlight reflected onto said humidity-sensing element. 4. The radiosonde housing of claim 3 in which said minimizing means comprises a blackened substance affixed on the interior wall of said air flow duct. 5. The radiosonde housing of claim 1, further comprising means on an interior wall of said air flow duct for reflecting solar radiation entering said duct to minimize heating of said interior wall and thus minimize warming of ambient air adjacent said interior wall. 6. The radiosonde housing of claim 1, further comprising clip means having first and second laterally displaced elements for mounting said humidity-sensing element in said air duct. 7. A radiosonde housing comprising top and bottom parts which enclose sensing and radio transmitting components therein when combined, said combined top and bottom parts integrally forming within said housing a venturi-shaped air flow duct, and a humidity sensor suspended within said venturi-shaped air flow duct, said radiosonde housing being used as both a shipping container and a flight package. 8. The radiosonde housing of claim 7, further comprising means on an interior wall of said air flow duct for preventing sunlight from being reflected onto said humidity-sensor. 9. The radiosonde housing of claim 8, in which said means for preventing sunlight reflection comprises a blackened substance affixed on said interior wall of said air flow duct. 10. The radiosonde of claim 7, further comprising means on an interior wall of said air flow duct for reflecting solar radiation entering said duct to minimize heating of said interior wall and thus minimize warming of ambient air adjacent said interior wall. 11. The radiosonde housing of claim 7, in which said housing is comprised of expanded polystyrene beads. 12. A radiosonde housing adapted for employment as both a shipping container and a flight package, said housing comprising an outer shell made of a light-weight material and a hollow interior in which sensing and transmitting components are retained for shipment of the radiosonde housing and thereafter for use when said radiosonde is in flight; said radiosonde housing comprising an air flow duct having an inlet port and an outlet port formed in said shell, and a humidity sensing element positioned in said duct intermediate said inlet and outlet ports; said radiosonde housing further comprising means on an interior wall of said air flow duct for minimizing the amount of incident sunlight reflected onto said humidity-sensing element. 13. The radiosonde housing of claim 12 in which said minimizing means comprises a blackened substance affixed on the interior wall of said air flow duct. 14. A radiosonde housing adapted for employment as both a shipping container and a flight package, said housing comprising and outer shell made of a light-weight material and a hollow interior in which sensing and transmitting components are retained for shipment of the radiosonde housing and thereafter for use when said radiosonde housing is in flight; said radiosonde housing comprising an air flow duct having an inlet port and an outlet port formed in said shell, and a humidity sensing element positioned in said duct intermediate said inlet and outlet ports; said humidity-sensing element being mounted in said air duct by clip means having first and second laterally displaced elements; said radiosonde housing having an additional aperture through which said humidity sensor is externally inserted into said clip means. 