A temperature responsive valve having a primary inlet, secondary inlet and an outlet, in which the two inlets communicate with one another through a chamber within the valve body and communicate with the outlet through an orifice controlled by a valve member. A temperature responsive device is mounted within the primary inlet and is connected to the valve member so as to move that member into an orifice closing position when the temperature of fluid entering the primary inlet exceeds a predetermined temperature. A deflector located within the valve body functions to influence the flow of fluid entering the valve through the secondary inlet so that it is directed away from the outlet and towards the primary inlet. The invention is also concerned with a solar heating system incorporating such a valve in which a storage tank outlet is connected to the primary inlet, a cold water supply is connected to the secondary inlet and the inlet side of the solar heating panel is connected to the valve outlet.
Claims Having now described our invention what we claim as new and desire to secure by Letters Patent is: 1. A temperature responsive valve including: a hollow body, a chamber defined within said body, a primary inlet port and a secondary inlet port, each communicating with said chamber so as to be in continual communication with one another, an orifice within said chamber, an outlet port communicating with said chamber through said orifice, a valve member mounted within said body for movement towards and away from a position at which it closes said orifice, temperature responsive means connected to said valve member and being operative to control said movement thereof, said temperature responsive means being located within or adjacent said primary inlet port, and, within said valve body, deflector means to influence the flow of fluid entering the valve through said secondary inlet port so that it is directed away from said outlet port and towards said primary inlet port. 2. A valve according to claim 1, wherein said primary inlet port and said outlet port are in substantial alignment, the axis of said secondary inlet port is generally transverse to the axis of said outlet port, and said deflector intervenes between said secondary inlet port and said orifice to prevent flow directly from said secondary inlet port to said orifice. 3. A valve according to claim 1, wherein said deflector is a cylindrical sleeve arranged substantially coaxial with said orifice and extending from the orifice in a direction towards the primary inlet port, the external surface of said sleeve is exposed to fluid entering said valve through said secondary inlet port, said valve member is located within said sleeve, and an opening is provided adjacent the end of said sleeve remote from said orifice through which said secondary inlet port communicates with said chamber and said primary inlet port. 4. A valve according to claim 3, wherein the end portion of said sleeve remote from said opening has a reduced internal diameter which forms said orifice. 5. A valve according to claim 3, wherein said temperature responsive means is supported by a member located between said sleeve and said primary inlet port, a cylindrical collar extends between said member and said sleeve, and said opening is provided at the end of said collar adjacent said member. 6. A valve according to claim 1, wherein a valve seat surrounds said orifice, and said valve member includes a resilient element which is engageable with said valve seat to close said orifice and a stem to which said resilient element is connected and which is arranged substantially coaxial with said orifice. 7. A valve according to claim 6, wherein said temperature responsive means includes a cylindrical tubular body, a piston mounted within said body for movement longitudinally thereof; and a temperature responsive medium within said tubular body and which expands and contracts in response to temperature variations to influence the axial position of said piston within said tubular body, and said stem is connected to said piston, and spring means urges said valve member away from the orifice closed position. 8. A valve according to claim 7, wherein said stem is formed integral with said piston and projects into said tubular body through an opening in one end thereof, said one end is attached to a mounting member having at least one passageway through which said primary inlet port communicates with said secondary inlet port and said orifice, and said tubular body extends from one side of said mounting member towards said primary inlet port and said valve member is located on the opposite side of said mounting member. 9. A valve according to claim 8, wherein said stem slidably locates within a seal at said one end of the tubular body, and said stem has a cross sectional size less than that of the bore of said tubular body so that expansion or contraction of said medium is magnified by the longitudinal movement of said stem. 10. A fluid heating system including: a storage container; a fluid circulating loop having opposite ends respectively connected to an outlet and an inlet of said container; fluid heating means within said loop; means for drawing fluid from said container; a temperature responsive valve connected to said loop between said heating means and said container outlet and including a hollow body, a chamber within said body, a primary inlet port which is connected to said container outlet, a secondary inlet port, each of said inlet ports communicating with said chamber so as to be in continual communication with one another, an outlet port communicating with said chamber through an orifice within said body and being connected to that part of said loop which leads to said heating means, a valve member mounted within said body for movement towards and away from a position at which it closes said orifice, and a temperature responsive means located within or adjacent said primary inlet port and connected to said valve member so as to control said movement thereof; and a source of said fluid connected to said secondary inlet port. 11. A system according to claim 10, wherein said heating means is a solar heating panel. 12. A system according to claim 10, wherein two additional temperature responsive valves are operable to close and isolate said heating means from said container when the temperature of the fluid within said loop falls below a first predetermined low temperature, and a drain valve is operative to connect said heating means to drain when the temperature of the fluid within said loop falls below a second predetermined low temperature which is lower than said first predetermined low temperature but greater than that at which said fluid freezes. 