A parabolic trough solar collector using reflective flexible materials is disclosed. A parabolic cylinder mirror is formed by stretching a flexible reflecting material between two parabolic end formers. The formers are held in place by a spreader bar. The resulting mirror is made to track the sun, focusing the sun's rays on a receiver tube. The ends of the reflective material are attached by glue or other suitable means to attachment straps. The flexible mirror is then attached to the formers. The attachment straps are mounted in brackets and tensioned by tightening associated nuts on the ends of the attachment straps. This serves both to stretch the flexible material orthogonal to the receiver tube and to hold the flexible material on the formers. The flexible mirror is stretched in the direction of the receiver tube by adjusting tensioning nuts. If materials with matching coefficients of expansion for temperature and humidity have been chosen, for example, aluminum foil for the flexible mirror and aluminum for the spreader bar, the mirror will stay in adjustment through temperature and humidity excursions. With dissimilar materials, e.g., aluminized mylar or other polymeric material and steel, spacers can be replaced with springs to maintain proper adjustment. The spreader bar cross section is chosen to be in the optic shadow of the receiver tube when tracking and not to intercept rays of the sun that would otherwise reach the receiver tube. This invention can also be used to make non-parabolic mirrors for other apparatus and applications.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar collector, including: (a) a receiver tube; (b) a foil reflector; (c) at least two means for forming the foil reflector into a semi-cylindrical parabolic arc having a centroid for focusing solar radiation onto the receiver tube, the forming means at spaced apart intervals along the solar collector; (d) spreader means attached to at least two of the forming means in the optic shadow of the receiver tube for holding the forming means in spaced apart relation along the solar collector to maintain the parabolic shape of the foil reflector against bending moments and torque; (e) means for applying the force of the spreader means against the forming means at the centroid of the parabolic arc; and (f) means for supporting the receiver tube, foil reflector, forming means, and spreader means in cooperating relationship. 2. A solar collector, including: (a) a hollow receiver tube for circulating fluid; (b) a flexible foil reflector; (c) a pair of rigid formers each attached to an end of the reflector, the formers shaping the reflector into a parabola for focusing solar radiation onto the receiver tube, each former having at least one locating hole; (d) a hollow spreader bar of triangular cross section; (e) a pair of brackets each attached to an end of the spreader bar, each bracket having a journal bearing through which slidably passes the receiver tube, the apex of the triangular spreader bar mounted on the brackets facing the receiver tube so that the spreader bar is generally in the optic shadow of the receiver tube; (f) at least two locating pins, at least one locating pins extending from each end of the spreader bar, the locating pins extending through the locating holes of the formers; and (g) spacers means on the locating pins for tensioning the foil reflector. 3. The solar collector of claim 1, wherein the spreader means is a hollow bar of triangular cross-section. 4. The solar reflector of claim 1 or 2, further including a pair of attachment straps glued to the foil reflector, the straps having adjustable attachment means for mounting and tensioning the foil reflector on the formers. 5. The solar collector of claim 1 or 2, further including drive means on at least one former for tracking the solar collector against changes in position of the sun. 6. The solar collector of claim 1 or 2, wherein the foil is isotropic. 7. The solar collector of claim 2 wherein the foil reflector and the spreader bar are made of materials which have different coefficients of expansion with temperature and humidity and the spacer means are springs for accommodating relative changes in length of the reflector and the spreader bar. 8. The solar collector of claim 2 wherein the locating holes and the locating pins all are of matching rectangular cross-section for maintaining the parabolic shape of the foil reflector against torque. 9. In a solar collector having (a) a receiver tube, (b) a foil reflector, and (c) means for forming the foil reflector into a parabolic shape having a center of force for focusing solar radiation onto the receiver tube, (d) the improvement including: (d-1) a spreader bar; (d-2) bracket means for mounting the spreader bar in the optic shadow of the receiver tube; and (d-3) means for attaching the spreader bar to the forming means with the force of the spreader bar applied to the forming means at the center of force of the foil reflector whereby the parabolic shape of the foil reflector is maintained against bending moments and torque. 10. The solar collector of claim 9, wherein the spreader bar is rigid and hollow. 11. The solar collector of claim 9, wherein the spreader bar has a cross-sectional that is other than round. 12. The solar collector of claim 9, wherein the spreader bar is triangular. 13. A solar collector, including: (a) a parabolic foil reflector having a parabolic centroid coincident with a line of focus; (b) a receiver tube having an axis coincident with the centroid and line of focus; (c) at least two thrust bearings mounted on the receiver tube; (d) at least two end formers mounted on the receiver tube by the thrust bearings; and (e) the foil reflector attached to the end formers with the thrust of the thrust bearings applied to the formers at the centroid and line of focus of the reflector. 