This disclosure relates to an electrical power transfer system for matching a load to a DC source such as a solar array. The system tracks the power output of the source under varying operating conditions and matches the load to the source to maintain peak power conditions. The system senses the voltage and the current of the source, incrementally changes the volt-ampere operating point of the source and thereby changes its incremental resistance, and adjusts the load to the level where the ratio of the DC source voltage to the DC source current is substantially equal to the incremental resistance.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for operating a system at the maximum power transfer point, the system including an adjustable load, a direct current power source that has a nonlinear voltage-current characteristic and lines connecting the load to the source, said apparatus comprising first means adapted to be connected to said lines for producing a relatively small change in the current in said source and said lines, second means adapted to be connected to said lines for sensing the source DC current and said change in current, third means adapted to be connected across said source and sense said source DC voltage and the change in voltage caused by said change in current, and fourth means connected to said second and third means and adapted to be connected to said adjustable load to vary said load to maintain the relation V/I=-.DELTA.V/.DELTA.I, where V and I are the direct current voltage and current of the source, and .DELTA.V and .DELTA.I are the changes in the voltage and current. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said first means includes a DC-DC converter, and means for modulating the voltage ratio of said converter. 3. Apparatus according to claim 2, wherein said converter is a buck converter, and said modulating means varies the duty cycle of said converter. 4. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the load includes a synchronous AC motor, and said fourth means comprises a DC-AC inverter and means to vary the frequency of the output voltage of said inverter. 5. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said first means comprises a branch adapted to be connected across said lines in parallel with the source, said branch including a relatively large resistor and a series connected switch. 6. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said first means comprises a relatively small resistor adapted to be connected in one of said lines in series with said source, and a switch connected in parallel with said resistor. 7. Apparatus for operating a system at the maximum power point, the system including a DC power source that has a nonlinear voltage-current characteristic, and a synchronous motor, said apparatus comprising a DC-DC buck converter adapted to be connected across said source, a DC-AC inverter connected to the output of said converter and adapted to be connected to supply power to the motor, said inverter including circuit means for adjusting the output frequency thereof and therefore the load of the motor, first circuit means adapted to be connected to said lines and to sense the source DC voltage and current, second circuit means connected to said converter and modulating the duty cycle and therefore the voltage ratio of said converter, said modulation of said converter inducing a relatively small AC current and voltage in said source, third circuit means adapted to be connected to said lines and to sense said AC current and voltage, fourth circuit means connected to receive the DC and AC currents from said first and third circuit means and connected to said second circuit means for controlling said modulation to maintain the DC current in a predetermined relation to the AC current, and fifth circuit connected to receive the DC and AC voltages from said first and third circuit means and connected to said inverter for adjusting said frequency to maintain the DC voltage in a predetermined relation to the AC voltage. 8. Apparatus as in claim 7, and further including a relatively large capacitor connected across the output of said converter. 9. Apparatus as in claim 8, wherein the source is a panel of photovoltaic cells. 10. Apparatus for operating a system at the maximum power point, the system including a DC power source that has a nonlinear voltage-current characteristic, and a load, said apparatus comprising a converter adapted to be connected across said source, first adjustable circuit means connected to the output of said converter and adapted to be connected to supply power to the load, said first circuit means being adjustable to vary the level of the load, second circuit means adapted to be connected across said source and to modulate the source current at a substantially constant first percentage of the source current, and third circuit means adapted to be connected across the source and operable to adjust said first circuit means and thereby the load at the level where the modulation voltage is a substantially constant second percentage of the source voltage. 11. Apparatus as in claim 10, wherein said first and second percentages are substantially equal. 12. Apparatus as in claim 10, wherein said converter comprises a DC to DC converter, and said second circuit means varies the voltage ratio of said converter and thereby modulates the source current. 13. Apparatus as in claim 10, wherein said first circuit means comprises a DC to AC inverter and means to adjust the frequency of the AC and thereby the level of the load. 14. Apparatus for operating a system at the maximum power transfer point, the system including an adjustable load, a direct current power source that has a nonlinear voltage-current characteristic and lines connecting the load to the source, said apparatus comprising parallel branch means adapted to be connected across said lines in parallel with the source and the load for producing an incremental change in the voltage of said source, first means adapted to be connected to said lines for sensing the incremental voltage, second means connected to said branch means and sensing the current in said branch means, and third means connected to said first and second means and adapted to be connected to said adjustable load to vary said load to substantially maintain the relation R=-2.DELTA.V/I, where I is the current in said branch means, .DELTA.V is the incremental voltage, and R is value of the load. 15. Apparatus for operating a system at the maximum power transfer point, the system including an adjustable load, a direct current power source that has a nonlinear voltage-current characteristic and lines connecting the load to the source, said apparatus comprising first means adapted to be connected in said lines in series with the source and the load for producing an incremental change in the voltage in said source and said lines, second means adapted to be connected to said lines for sensing the incremental voltage, third means connected to said first means and sensing the voltage across said first means, and fourth means connected to said second and third means and adapted to be connected to said adjustable load to vary said load to substantially maintain the relation -2.DELTA.V=V.sub.r, where V.sub.r is the voltage across said first means, and .DELTA.V is the incremental voltage of the source. 16. A power system comprising an adjustable load, a direct current power source that has a nonlinear voltage-current characteristic, lines connecting the load to the source, first means connected to said lines for producing a relatively small change in the current in said source and said lines, second means connected to said lines for sensing the source DC current and said change in current, third means connected across said source and sensing said source DC voltage and the change in voltage caused by said change in current, and fourth means connected to said second and third means and connected to said adjustable load to vary said load to maintain the relation V/I=-.DELTA.V/.DELTA.I, where V and I are the direct current voltage and current of the source, and .DELTA.V and .DELTA.I are the changes in the voltage and current. 17. A method of operating a power system at the peak power transfer point, the system including a DC power source having a nonlinear voltage-current characteristic, an adjustable load, and lines connecting the load to the source, said method comprising the steps of sensing the DC voltage and current of the source, inducing a relatively low voltage incremental signal in said source, sensing the incremental voltage and current resulting from said signal in said source, taking the ratio of the incremental voltage and incremental current, said ratio being equivalent to the incremental resistance of the source, taking the ratio of the DC voltage and current of the source, and adjusting the load value to hold said ratios in a predetermined relation where said system operates at the peak power transfer point. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein said predetermined relation is V/I=-.DELTA.V/.DELTA.I, where V and I are the DC voltage and current of the source and .DELTA.V and .DELTA.I are the incremental voltage and current of the source. 19. Apparatus for operating a system at the maximum power point, the system including a DC power source that has a nonlinear voltage-current characteristic, and a variable speed motor, said apparatus comprising first circuit means adapted to be connected across said source and to supply a variable power voltage to the motor, said first circuit means comprising a DC-DC buck converter and adjustment means for varying the voltage to the motor, second circuit means adapted to be connected to said lines and to sense the source DC voltage and current, third circuit means connected to said converter and modulating the duty cycle and therefore the voltage ratio of said converter, said modulation of said converter inducing a relatively small AC current and voltage in said source, fourth circuit means adapted to be connected to said lines and to sense said AC current and voltage, fifth circuit means connected to receive the DC and AC currents from said second and fourth circuit means and connected to said third circuit means for controlling said modulation to maintain the DC current in a predetermined relation to the AC current, and said adjustment means being connected to receive the DC and AC voltages from said second and fourth circuit means and connected to said first circuit means for adjusting said power voltage to maintain the DC voltage in a predetermined relation to the AC voltage. 20. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the load includes a variable speed motor, and said fourth means comprises circuit means for varying the motor voltage to control the motor speed. 