A solar desalination system in which fresh water is derived from sea water by focussing solar ray energy from a collecting reflector onto an evaporator tube located at substantially the focal apex of the reflector. The reflector/evaporator tube assembly is mounted on a horizontal open grid platform which may support a plurality of parallel reflector/evaporator tube assemblies. The reflectors may serve as pontoons to support the desalination system unit on a body of sea water. The solar heat generated vapor is condensed in condenser tubes immersed in the sea water. Intermittently sea water concentrate is withdrawn from the evaporator tubes. Velocity of the vapor passing from the evaporator tubes to the condensers may be utilized for generating power.
Claims I claim as my invention: 1. In a solar desalination system in which fresh water is derived from sea water: an elongate solar ray collecting reflector, which is adapted for focussing solar ray energy for heating a respective evaporator tube located at substantially the focal apex of the reflector; means for delivering sea water to said evaporator tube; means for controlling said means for delivering sea water and adapted for maintaining a predetermined level of the sea water to be evaporated within said evaporator tube so as to provide for vapor chamber space above the water in the tube; passage means for withdrawing vapor generated in said evaporator tube; means for receiving vapor from said evaporator tube and for condensing the vapor into fresh water, and as an incident to the condensing developing at least some vacuum suction in said passage means toward said receiving and condensing means; means for withdrawing the fresh water condensate from said receiving means; means for intermittently withdrawing sea water concentrate from said evaporator tube; and a water density responsive means in contact with the sea water in said evaporator tube and responsive to the density of such sea water for controlling said means for intermittently withdrawing sea water concentrate. 2. A system according to claim 1, wherein said passage means has a booster blower fan for accelerated withdrawal of vapor from said evaporator tube and delivery of the vapor to the receiving and condensing means. 3. A system according to claim 1, including a rotary vane power unit in said passage means and adapted for operation by the velocity of vapor traveling through the passage means, said power unit comprising a rotary device having an output shaft adapted to be connected with means to be operated by said power unit. 4. A system according to claim 1, including a horizontal frame mounting said reflector and evaporator tube as an assembly, and said reflector being rotatably adjustable about the axis of the evaporator tube. 5. A system according to claim 4, wherein said frame provides an open grid of walkways defining a plurality of parallel openings, a reflector/evaporator tube assembly mounted at each of said openings. 6. A system according to claim 1, including a horizontal frame to which said reflector and evaporator tube are mounted as an assembly, said reflector comprising a closed end trough and being adapted to serve as a pontoon for floatingly supporting said frame and assembly on a body of sea water. 7. A system according to claim 1, wherein said reflector is in the form of an upwardly facing closed end trough, and means for withdrawing water that may collect in the trough. 8. A system according to claim 1, wherein said means for withdrawing sea water concentrate from said evaporator tube comprises a pump at one end of said evapoator tube, and said water density responsive means is connected to said pump and comprises a sea water concentrate density responsive float riding on the sea water in said tube adjacent to said pump. 9. A system according to claim 1, including means for maintaining said reflector above a body of sea water, and said means for receiving and condensing vapor comprising an elongated condenser tube located longitudinally below said reflector for heat transfer immersion in the body of sea water, said passage means being connected to one end portion of said condenser tube, and said means for withdrawing the fresh water condensate being connected to the opposite end portion of said condenser tube and comprising a pipe extending upwardly to an accumulator adjacent to said reflector. 10. A method of solar desalination for obtaining fresh water from sea water, and comprising: focussing solar ray energy from an elongate reflector onto, and thereby heating, a respective evaporator tube located at substantially the focal apex of the reflector; delivering sea water to the evaporator tube; maintaining a predetermined level of the sea water to be evaporated within said evaporator tube and thereby providing a vapor chamber space above the water in the tube; withdrawing vapor generated in the evaporator tube and condensing the vapor into fresh water in a receiving and condensing means; as an incident to the condensing developing at least some vacuum suction for assisting in withdrawing the vapor generated in the evaporator tube; withdrawing the fresh water from the receiving and condensing means; and responsive to a water density responsive means in contact with the sea water in said tube, determining increases in density of such sea water and intermittently withdrawing sea water concentrate from the evaporator tube. 11. A method according to claim 10, comprising applying vacuum suction to the evaporator tube in addition to the vacuum suction effected by the condensing of the vapor. 12. A method according to claim 10, which comprises effecting vapor velocity in passage means extending from said evaporator tube to said receiving and condensing means, and in said passage means driving a rotary vane power unit responsive to the vapor velocity and thereby operating an output shaft connected to means for utilizing the power thus developed. 13. A method according to claim 10, comprising providing a horizontal frame in the form of an open grid of walkways defining a plurality of parallel openings, and mounting one of said reflector and evaporator tube at least in part below said walkways at each of said openings. 14. A method according to claim 10, which comprises mounting said reflector and evaporator tube as an assembly to a horizontal frame, and utilizing said reflector as a pontoon and thereby floatingly supporting said frame and assembly on a body of sea water. 15. A method according to claim 10, which comprises providing said reflector in the form of an upwardly facing closed end trough, and withdrawing water that may collect in the trough. 16. A method according to claim 10, wherein said withdrawing of sea water concentrate is effected through a pump at one end of said tube, and controlling operation of said pump by means of said water density responsive means riding on said sea water in said tube and responsive to sea water concentrate density in said evaporator tube. 17. A method according to claim 10, comprising mounting said reflector and associated evaporator tube above a body of sea water, effecting said condensing in a condenser tube located below said reflector and immersed in the body of sea water, delivering vapor from said evaporator tube into one end of said condenser tube, withdrawing the fresh water from the opposite end of the condenser tube, and delivering the withdrawn fresh water to an accumulator adjacent to said reflector. 18. In a solar desalination system in which fresh water is derived from sea water: a supporting frame; an elongated evaporator tube mounted horizontally on said frame; means for delivering sea water to be evaporated into one end of said tube and including means for controlling the depth of sea water in the tube to a limited depth so as to maintain a substantial vapor chamber space above the water in the tube; a solar ray collecting reflector of substantially the same length as said tube and located below the tube and adapted for focusing solar ray energy at the focal apex of the reflector onto the bottom of the tube for heating the sea water in the tube for generating vapor in said vapor chamber space; means for withdrawing vapor from said vapor chamber space and for condensing the vapor into fresh water, and as an incident to the condensing developing at least some vacuum suction in said passage means toward said receiving and condensing means; means at the opposite end of said tube for intermittently withdrawing sea water concentrate from the body of water in said tube; and means for withdrawing the fresh water from said receiving and condensing means. 19. A system according to claim 18, wherein said frame comprises a platform providing walkways for access to said tube and reflector, and pontoons on a lower portion of said frame for supporting the frame on a body of sea water. 20. A system according to claim 19, wherein said platform is of a size to accommodate a plurality of said evaporator tubes and associated reflectors, means mounting said evaporator tubes and associated reflectors in spaced parallel relation on said platform, and said platform comprising walkways along the ends of said tubes and associated reflectors, and connecting walkways between said end walkways and located alongside said tubes and associated reflectors and leaving space above said tubes and associated reflectors free for reception of solar rays. 21. A system according to claim 19, including a breakwater extending about said pontoon equipped frame and of a size to accommodate said frame floatingly in a protected lagoon within the breakwater, and means for anchoring the frame in spaced relation to the breakwater. 22. A system according to claim 21, wherein said breakwater has screened flow holes therethrough for permitting sea water surrounding the breakwater to enter said protected lagoon. 