A method for locating and evaluating surface and subsurface anomalies. Solar wind results in a multi-frequency, high energy ionic impingement at the terrestrial poles of the earth. Monitoring the activity of the solar wind allows the determination as to when the activity produces a vertical alternating current leakage (solar alternating current) due to the ionic impingement. When the vertical current leakage is in a proper range which can be measured and which reflects and represents surface and subterranean anomalies, a predetermined region of the earth to be prospected is traversed. Local variations which occur in the amplitude, frequency and frequency modulation of the vertical alternating current leakage due to the ionic impingement of solar winds at the terrestrial poles (solar alternating current) is measured. The measurements are recorded in correlation with the spatial relation to the points of measurement to determine significant measurements indicative of surface and subterranean anomalies.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of geophysical prospecting for locating and evaluating surface or subsurface anomalies of the earth comprising the steps of: (a) traversing, by at least one pass, generally horizontal with earth's surface, a predetermined region of the earth to be prospected; (b) measuring, during step (a), local variations which occur in an alternating component of a vertical current having a frequency characteristic which emanates from the earth's surface in said predetermined region; (c) recording the measurements; and (d) correlating said measurements as a function of a spatial relationship between the variations measured in step (b) and points in said predetermined region being prospected to provide an indication of said surface and subterranean anomalies. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of monitoring local variations which occur in a frequency of said vertical current emanating from the earth. 3. The method of claim 2 further comprising the step of measuring local variations which occur in an amplitude of said vertical current emanating from the earth. 4. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of measuring local variations which occur in an amplitude of said vertical current emanating from the earth. 5. The method of claim 4 further comprising the step of measuring local variations which occur in a frequency modulation of said vertical current emanating from the earth. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of measuring local variations which occur in a frequency modulation of said vertical current emanating from the earth. 7. The method of claim 6 further comprising the step of measuring local variations which occur in said frequency characteristic of said vertical current emanating from the earth. 8. The method of claim 7 further comprising the step of measuring local variations which occur in an amplitude of said vertical current emanating from the earth. 9. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of monitoring solar activity and performing the step of traversing when the solar activity is above a predetermined level. 10. The method of claim 8 further comprising the step of monitoring the solar activity and performing the step of traversing when the solar activity is found to be above a predetermined level. 11. A method of detecting surface or subsurface anomalies of the earth comprising the steps of: (a) traversing, in a direction generally parallel to the surface, a predetermined region of the surface of the earth; (b) detecting, during step (b), any variations which occur in an alternating component of a vertical current, having a frequency characteristic, which flows through a space above said predetermined region; (c) correlating said detected variations, as a function of a spatial relation between the variations detected and points in said predetermined region, to provide an indication of any surface or subsurface anomalies. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein said step of correlating provides an indication of a location in said region of said anomalies. 