A locking mechanism for holding reflector elements of a solar collector array in a position protected from high wind and storm damage including locking bar means mounted between and rotating with pairs of reflectors, latching means mounted on support pylons between said reflectors and positioned to engage and hold said locking bar means thereby retaining the reflectors in the protected position, and a plurality of linked release means for simultaneous release of all said latching means.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a maneuverable solar collector array wherein a plurality of concave trough-like reflectors are rotatably supported between support pylon structures by rotation axle means, a latching system for holding said reflectors in a protected position, said latching system having at least one latching device comprising: mounting plate means affixed to each reflector of an adjacent pair of reflectors and extending generally toward the lines of focus of said reflectors, locking bar means mounted between said mounting plate means positioned intermediate said lines of focus and said rotation axles, said mounting plate means and said locking bar means rotating with said reflectors, latching means mounted on said support pylon positioned to engage and hold said locking bar means when said reflectors are rotated to a protected position, said latching means comprising lever means mounted for limited pivotal movement, spring bias means maintaining said lever means at one limit of its pivotal movement, said lever means having a cam surface edge and a notch edge positioned such that when contacted by said locking bar said lever is moved away from said one limit allowing said locking bar to pass by said cam edge and to be received and held in said notch under influence of said spring bias means thereby locking each reflector in a protected position. 2. A latching system as defined in claim 1 including within said array a plurality of said latching devices. 3. A latching system as defined in claim 2 wherein each reflector of said array is connected to at least one of said plurality of latching devices. 4. A latching system as defined in claim 1 wherein said mounting plate means are affixed to edges of said reflectors adjacent the rotation axles. 5. A latching system as defined in claim 1 having a release mechanism linked to said lever means and operative to move said lever means from its latched position when activated and to allow pivotal movement of said lever means without movement of said release mechanism. 6. A latching system as defined in claim 5 wherein said release mechanism includes a pullrod connected to said lever means by pin and slot means. 7. A latching system as defined in claim 6 wherein said release mechanism is operated by a solenoid. 8. A latching system as defined in claim 7 having a plurality of said latching devices and associated release mechanisms and wherein said release mechanisms are linkage connected to operate simultaneously. 9. A latching system as defined in claim 8 wherein said solenoid is electrically interlocked with the reflector motive system of said array whereby said release system is automatically operated upon energization of said motor system to move said array reflectors from said protected position. 10. In a maneuverable solar collector array wherein a plurality of concave trough-like reflectors are rotatably supported between support pylon structures by rotation axle means, a latching system for holding said reflectors in a protected position comprising: a plurality of latching devices each having mounting plate means affixed to the reflectors of an adjacent pair of reflectors and extending generally toward the lines of focus of said reflectors, locking bar means mounted between said mounting plate means on adjacent reflectors and positioned intermediate said lines of focus and said rotation axles, said mounting plate means and said locking bar means rotating with said reflectors, latching means mounted on said support pylon and positioned to engage and hold said locking bar means when said reflectors are rotated to a protected position, said latching means comprising lever means mounted for limited pivotal movement, spring bias means maintaining said lever means at one limit of its pivotal movement, said lever means having a cam surface edge and a notch edge positioned such that when contacted by said locking bar said lever is moved away from said one limit allowing said locking bar to pass by said cam edge and to be received and held in said notch under influence of said spring bias means thereby locking said reflector in a protected position, and release system comprising pull rods connected to each of said levers by pin and slot structure and operative to move said less arms from latched positions when said pull rods are activated and to allow pivotal movement of said lever arms without movement of said release system and solenoid operated system for activating all of said pull rods simultaneously. 11. A latching system as defined in claim 8 wherein said solenoid is electrically interlocked with the reflector motive system of said array whereby said release system is automatically operated upon energization of said motor system to move said reflectors from said protected position. 12. In a maneuverable solar collector having a concave trough-like reflector rotatably supported between support pylon structures by rotation axle means, a latching system for holding said element in a protected position, said latching system having at least one latching device comprising: mounting plate means affixed to said reflector extending generally toward the line of focus of said reflector, locking bar means mounted on said mounting plate means positioned intermediate said line of focus and said rotation axles, said mounting plate means and said locking bar means rotating with said reflectors, latching means mounted on said support pylon positioned to engage and hold said locking bar means when said reflector is rotated to a protected position, said latching means comprising lever means mounted for limited pivotal movement, spring bias means maintaining said lever means at one limit of its pivotal movement, said lever means having a cam surface edge and a notch edge positioned such that when contacted by said locking bar said lever is moved away from said one limit allowing said locking bar to pass by said cam edge and to be received and held in said notch under influence of said spring bias means thereby locking said reflector in a protected position. 