A portable thermal collector and storage apparatus is disclosed as comprising a container for receiving a phase change material for selectively absorbing and emitting thermal energy, a base for supporting the phase change container with respect to a floor surface, and a set of wheels or rollers mounted on the base for facilitating the movement of the base and the phase change container from a first, thermal absorbing location to a second, thermal emitting location. In a further aspect of this invention, the thermal collector and storage apparatus includes a tabletop for receiving and supporting the phase change container. The tabletop includes a plate for presenting a table surface, and is made of a material transmissive to solar radiation, whereby solar radiation may be directed through the plate and onto the phase change container.
Claims I claim: 1. Dual functioning apparatus for collecting and storing thermal energy and for serving as a table, said apparatus adapted to be readily moved along a floor surface from a first, thermal absorbing location to a second, thermal emitting location, said apparatus comprising: (a) phase change means for selectively absorbing and emitting thermal energy; (b) base means for supporting said phase change means; (c) transport means mounted on said base means for facilitating the movement of said base means and said phase change means from the first to the second locations; (d) a tabletop for receiving and supporting said phase change means and including a plate for presenting a table surface, said plate comprised of a material transmissive to solar radiation, whereby solar radiation may be directed through said plate and onto said phase change means; and (e) means for adjustably mounting said table top with respect to said base means, whereby said table top may be disposed from a first orientation with respect to the floor surface to a second orientation with respect to the floor surface. 2. The dual functioning apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said mounting means includes a hinge for permitting the rotation of said phase change means with respect to said base means, and lock means for fixably disposing said phase change means in said second orientation. 3. The dual functioning apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said tabletop supports said phase change means at a distance from said plate to ensure said plate is thermally insulated from said phase change means. 4. The dual functioning apparatus as claimed in claim 3, wherein said tabletop includes a frame forming a space therein and said plate mounted upon said frame to provide said table surface, and said phase change means comprises a container for receiving a phase change material disposed within said frame in a position to receive radiation directed through said plate. 5. The dual functioning apparatus as claimed in claim 4, wherein said container is made of a thermal conducting material and said phase change material comprises salt pellets. 6. The dual functioning apparatus as claimed in claim 5, wherein there is included convection drive means associated with said tabletop for directing air from the ambient environment past said container thereby absorbing thermal energy to be redirected into the ambient environment. 7. The dual functioning apparatus as claimed in claim 6, wherein there is included a bottom member comprising an input port and an output port, said convection drive means disposed to direct air through said input port past said container to be exited through said output port. 