An assembly for the merchandizing of products utilizing a solar cell mounted directly onto an incandescent or florescent light bulb so that the cell receives the light directly from the light bulb. A d.c. motor is electrically and physically connected to the solar cell, the motor shaft extending downwardly. A substantially planar sign member having word indicia formed thereon is operatively interconnected to the motor shaft so that it rotates in response to motor shaft rotation. The interconnection preferably is provided by a piece of metal foil extending vertically and attached to the motor shaft, and a slip swivel connector between the metal foil and the sign member which allows some slippage between the foil and the sign member so that the sign member rotates more slowly than the foil--slow enough for appropriate normal recognition of the word indicia thereon. A plurality of flexible clips may be provided for mounting the solar cell directly to the light bulb, or globe for the light bulb. Alternatively, a fan blade may be mounted to the motor shaft.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An assembly comprising: a solar cell; means for mounting said solar cell directly onto a light bulb so that said cell receives light directly from the light bulb; a d.c. motor electrically connected to said solar cell and physically attached to said cell and extending from the opposite side thereof as said means for mounting said means for mounting said cell to the light bulb, said motor having a shaft; a substantially planar sign member having word indicia thereon; and means for operatively interconnecting said sign member to said motor shaft to rotate in response to motor shaft rotation, said means including a slip swivel connector. 2. An assembly comprising: a solar cell; means for mounting said solar cell directly onto a light bulb so that said cell receives light directly from the light bulb; a d.c. motor electrically connected to said solar cell and physically attached to said cell and extending from the opposite side thereof as said means for mounting said means for mounting said cell to the light bulb, said motor having a shaft; a substantially planar sign member having word indicia thereon; and means for operative interconnecting said sign member to said motor shaft to rotate in response to motor shaft rotation, comprising: a piece of metal foil; means for attaching said metal foil to said motor shaft; and means for connecting said metal foil to said sign member so that some slippage is provided between said metal foil and said sign member as said sign member rotates in response to rotation of said metal foil so that said sign member rotates at a slower speed than said metal foil; and wherein said d.c. motor normally rotates its shaft at a speed too fast for normal recognition of the word indicia on said sign member; and wherein the area of said sign member is chosen and said means for interconnecting said sign member to said motor shaft is constructed so that said sign member rotates at a speed, slower than the motor shaft, appropriate for normal recognition of the word indicia on said sign member. 3. An assembly as recited in claim 2 wherein said means for connecting said metal foil to said sign member includes a slip swivel connector. 4. An assembly as recited in claim 3 wherein said means for connecting said metal foil to said sign member further includes a tension clip connecting said metal foil to said slip swivel connector, and a tension clip connecting said sign member to said slip swivel connector. 5. An assembly as recited in claims 2 or 1 wherein said means for mounting said solar cell directly on a light bulb comprises a plurality of flexible clips operatively attached to spaced portions of said solar cell and dimensioned to receive at least one florescent bulb therebetween. 6. An assembly as recited in claim 5 wherein said solar cell includes a base, and wherein said base includes a holding means for said d.c. motor formed thereon extending oppositely from said clips. 7. An assembly as recited in claim 5 wherein said solar cell is substantially quadrate in plan. 8. An assembly as recited in claims 2 or 1 wherein said means for mounting said solar cell directly on a light bulb comprises a plurality of flexible clips operatively attached to spaced portions of said solar cell and dimensioned to receive an incandescent light bulb therebetween. 9. An assembly as recited in claim 8 wherein said solar cell includes a base, and wherein said base includes a holding means for said d.c. motor formed thereon extending oppositely from said clips. 10. An assembly as recited in claim 8 wherein said solar cell is substantially circular in plan. 11. An assembly as recited in claim 2 wherein said solar cell includes a light pickup lens disposed thereon between it and said light bulb. 12. An assembly as recited in claim 2 or 1 combination with a light bulb, said solar cell mounting means attached to said light bulb so that said motor shaft points substantially downwardly and said metal foil extends substantially vertically. 13. An assembly as recited in claims 2 or 1 wherein said d.c. motor includes an armature and front motor bushing, and a Teflon washer disposed between the motor armature and front motor bushing, said shaft passing through said washer and bushing. 14. An assembly comprising a base; a d.c. motor mounted in said base and surrounded thereby, said motor having a shaft; a solar cell; means for operatively connecting the solar cell to the base while providing electrical interconnection between the cell and the motor; a sign member having a substantially planar surface with word indicia formed thereon; an elongated shaft-like member operatively connected to the sign member and elongated in a plane substantially coincident with or parallel to the sign member planar surface; means for interconnecting the sign member shaft-like member and the motor shaft so that the motor shaft rotates the sign member with respect to the base when incident radiation of sufficient intensity strikes the solar cell; said d.c. motor normally rotating its shaft at a speed too fast for normal recognition of the word indicia on said sign member; and the area of said sign member being chosen and said means for interconnecting said sign member shaft-like member and said motor shaft means so constructed that said sign member rotates at a speed, slower than the motor shaft, appropriate for normal recognition of the word indicia on said sign member; wherein the improvement comprises: said shaft-like member operatively connected to said sign member including a slip swivel connector, and a piece of metal foil, said piece of metal foil and said slip swivel connector operatively disposed between and connected to said motor shaft and said sign member. 15. An assembly; including a d.c. motor and a solar cell module, said module including a base; a solar cell disposed on said base; means for stationarly mounting said base directly onto a light bulb so that said cell receives light directly from the light bulb and said mounting means extends from one side of said base; and means for mounting said d.c. motor to said base so that said motor shaft extends away from said base and oppositely of said base mounting means. 16. An assembly as recited in claim 15 wherein said d.c. motor includes an armature and front motor bushing, and a Teflon washer disposed between the motor armature and front motor bushing, said shaft passing through said washer and bushing. 17. An assembly as recited in claim 16 wherein said means for mounting said base directly on a light bulb comprises a plurality of flexible clips attached to spaced portions of said base and dimensioned to receive an incandescent light bulb therebetween. 