A semiconductor device, for example a solar battery cell with a semiconductor element and a composite lead wire attached to the semiconductor element in which the lead wire includes a core and a cover overlying the core. The core has a lower thermal expansion coefficient than that of the semiconductor element, and the cover has a higher thermal expansion coefficient than that of the element and a higher electrical conductivity than that of the core. The lead wire therefore has substantially the same thermal expansion coefficient as that of the semiconductor element.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A semiconductor device comprising: a semiconductor element of silicon; and conducting means attached to said semiconductor element including a first element having a lower thermal expansion coefficient than that of said semiconductor element and a second element overlapping said first element, and having a higher thermal expansion coefficient than that of said semiconductor element and having a higher electrical conductivity than that of said first element, said first element being made of one material selected from the group consisting of an alloy of about 36% Ni-Fe, an alloy of abut 39% Ni-Fe, an alloy of about 32% Ni - and about 4% Co-Fe, and an alloy of 81 to 85% Fe - about 5% Si - and about 10% Cr-B made by rapid quenching. 2. A semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein said conducting means has substantially the same thermal expansion coefficient as that of said semiconductor element. 3. A semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein said second element is made of a material selected from the group consisting of Au, Ag, Cu and Al. 4. A semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein said conducting means further comprises a third element made of the same material as said second element, with said first element sandwiched between said second and third elements. 5. A semicnductor device according to claim 1, wherein said conducting means further comprises a third element made of the same material as said first element, and said second element is sandwiched between said first and third elements. 6. A semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein said conducting means comprises a core and a cover covering said core, said first element comprising said core and said second element comprising said cover. 7. A semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein said conducting means comprises a core and a cover covering said core, said second element comprising said core and said first element comprising said cover. 8. A semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein said semicoductor element comprises a photovoltaic element. 9. A semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein said semiconductor element comprises a semiconductor chip and said conducting means is a mounting electrode mounting said chip. 10. A semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein said semiconductor device further comprises a stem, and said conducting means is an electrode interposed between said stem and said semiconductor element. 11. A semiconductor device comprising: a semiconductor element of silicon having first and second surfaces and having a p-n junction for photovoltaic generation; a grid provided on said first surfae of said semiconductor element, which grid includes a plurality of fine electrodes; a lead wire electrically connected to said grid, which lead wires comprises a first element and a second element overlapped on said first element, said first element having a lower thermal expansion coefficient than that of said semiconductor element, said second element having a higher thermal expansion coefficient than that of said semiconductor element and having higher electrical conductivity than that of said first element, said first element being made of one material selected from the group consisting of an alloy of about 36% Ni-Fe, an alloy of about 39% Ni-Fe, an alloy of about 32% Ni - and about 4% Co-Fe, and an alloy of 81 to 85% Fe - about 5% Si - and about 10% Cr-B made by rapid quenching; and a back electrode provided on said second surface of said semiconductor element. 12. A semiconductor device according to claim 11, wherein said semiconductor device further comprises bonding pads provided on said first surface of said semiconductor element and electrically connected to said grid, with said lead wire connected to said bonding pads. 13. A semiconductor device according to claim 11, wherein said semiconductor device further comprises a bus line provided on said first surface of said semiconductor element and electrically connected to said grid, with said lead wire connected to said bus line. 14. A semiconductor device according to claim 13, wherein said grid and said bus line are made of the same material. 15. A semiconductor device according to claim 14, wherein said semiconductor device further comprises a solder between said bus line and said lead wire so that and said solder bonds said lead wire to said bus line. 16. A semiconductor device according to claim 11, wherein said lead wire has substantially the same thermal expansion coefficient as that of said semiconductor element. 17. A semicnductor device according to claim 11, wherein said lead wire comprises a core and a cover covering said core, said first element comprising said core and said second element comprising said cover. 18. A semiconductor device according to claim 11, wherein said second element is made of one material selected from the group consisting of Au, Ag, Cu and Al. 