The invention relates to a solar energy system comprising a collector consisting of a sloping space exposed to solar light for a heat transporting medium performing a primary circulation, which is thermally coupled by the downward run with a working medium circuit. An object of the invention is to design a solar energy system in a manner such that in contrast to the conventional system no control or safety apparatus is required, since solely natural, physical mechanisms are used so that a self-controlling operation is obtained, as a result of which the risk of disturbances and standstill is considerably reduced and the intrinsic safety is enhanced. The above-mentioned purposes are, in general, achieved by means of a system set forth in the preamble, the primary circulation of which takes place in a vessel partly filled with fluid and partly with the vapor thereof and operating as a heat pipe. The invention further provides a solar heat collector, the active surface of which is divided into cells bounded by upright ribs. Owing to the provision of such cells the dissipation of heat by convection due to wind brushing past can be reduced to negligible proportions.
Claims I claim: 1. In a solar energy system, a dished housing formed of insulating material and defining a generally rectangular recess adapted to be disposed in a generally upright position and a solar panel filling said recess, said panel including closed loop recirculating means for vaporizing and then condensing a working liquid in recirculating, closed loop fashion, said recirculating means comprising a vaporizing leg lying at the opening of said recess and presenting a surface area thereat which is adapted to be impinged upon by solar energy, said vaporizing leg extending generally vertically so that vapor rises therein, said recirculating means also including a condensing leg lying within said recess in spaced relation to said vaporizing leg and extending generally vertically so that condensate flows downwardly therein ultimately to return to said vaporizing leg, insulating means lying behind and in contact with said vaporizing leg so as to concentrate heat input into said vaporizing leg, a heat collecting chamber in heat exchange contact with said condensing leg, and means for circulating liquid through said collecting chamber so as to condense vapor within said condensing leg and thereby maintain the recirculation of the working liquid in said closed loop recirculating means. 2. In a solar energy system as defined in claim 1 wherein said housing provides a mounting surface in circumscribing relation to said recess, and an open gridwork secured in sealing contact with said mounting surface, said gridwork comprising upstanding ribs subdividing said surface area of said vaporizing leg into a series of substantially equal regions. 3. In a solar energy system as defined in claim 2 wherein the height of each rib is about equal to one-tenth of its length. 4. In a solar energy system as defined in claim 3 wherein the height of each rib is about one-tenth of the square root of said surface area of the vaporizing leg. 5. In a solar energy system as defined in claim 1 wherein said condensing leg defines a wall portion of said heat collecting chamber. 6. In a solar energy system as defined in claim 5 wherein said condensing leg is provided with heat transfer ribs projecting into and generally bottomed within said heat collecting chamber. 7. In a solar energy system as defined in claim 5 wherein said heat collecting chamber is disposed between said condensing leg and said insulating means. 8. In a solar energy system as defined in claim 5 wherein said heat collecting chamber is bottomed within said recess. 9. In a solar energy system as defined in claim 5 wherein said insulating means fills the space between said vaporizing leg and said condensing leg. 10. In a solar energy system as defined in claim 1 including means located in said condensing leg adjacent its juncture with said vaporizing leg for maintaining unidirectional circulation of vapor in said closed loop. 11. A solar panel for solar energy systems, comprising a generally rectangular housing formed of heat insulating material and defining a recess in one face thereof, solar heat exchange structure seated within said recess and a protective grid structure secured to said housing and serving to sandwich and maintain said heat exchange structure in bottomed position within said housing while reducing heat loss due to ambient wind conditions, said structure comprising closed loop recirculating means for abstracting solar energy and including a vaporizing leg defining a solar energy heat absorbing surface area at the opening of said recess and upon which said grid structure bears to sandwich and maintain the structure in bottomed position within said housing. 12. A solar panel as defined in claim 11 wherein said heat exchange structure is a unitary layered structure, said vaporizing leg defining the outer layer, the second layer comprising a slab of heat insulating material in contact with the inner side of said vaporizing leg, a further layer being a condensing leg connected in closed loop with said vaporizing leg, and a still further layer being in the form of a heat collecting chamber in heat exchange contact with said condensing leg. 13. A solar panel as defined in claim 12 wherein said slab is sandwiched between said vaporizing and condensing legs. 14. A solar panel as defined in claim 13 including a pan-like structure joined peripherally with said condensing leg to define said heat collecting chamber. 15. A solar panel as defined in claim 14 wherein said vaporizing leg is defined between a first pair of plates and said condensing leg is defined between a second pair of plates. 16. A solar panel as defined in claim 14 wherein said vaporizing leg is defined within a series of side-by-side tubes and said condensing leg is defined within a second series of side-by-side tubes. 17. A solar panel as defined in claim 11 wherein said grid structure comprises upstanding ribs subdividing said surface area into a series of substantially equal regions. 18. A solar panel as defined in claim 17 wherein the height of each rib is about one-tenth of the square root of said surface area of the vaporizing leg. 19. A solar panel as defined in claim 18 including means located in said condensing leg adjacent its juncture with said vaporizing leg for maintaining unidirectional circulation of vapor in said closed loop. 