A highly effective modular passive solar energy heating unit for heating an enclosed space employs phase change heat storage material, which is optically transparent to visible light when in high-stored-energy liquid state enabling a viewer to see through clearly and which is translucent milky white when in low-stored-energy solid state for providing pleasant illumination to the enclosed space when first illuminated by sunlight in the morning. This phase change material, in a sealed container having two opposite surface areas transparent to sunlight, is polyethylene glycol having a heat of fusion of about 33 to 37 cal./gm. (4,170 to 4,670 Btu's per cubic ft.), a melting point of about 13.degree. to 25.degree. C. (55.degree. F. to 77.degree. F.), a specific gravity of about 1,125 at 20.degree. C., and desirable isotropic freezing and melting characteristics with only very modest volume change during phase change. A dye soluble therein may be included for increasing solar-energy-absorptivity when translucent and for decreasing glare and direct penetration of sunlight into the space when transparent. The unit additionally contains at least one clearly optically transparent glazing layer facing the sunlight, preferably including an insulation layer to transmit short wavelength solar radiation while blocking longer heat rays for retaining thermal energy within the enclosed space. In preferred embodiments, there are two layers of closely spaced parallel transparent glazing near the sealed container, these layers being between incident solar radiation and the container.
Claims We claim: 1. A modular passive solar energy heating and outdoors viewing unit adapted to absorb and store solar energy and subsequently release said solar energy as thermal energy in an enclosed space comprising: a fluid-tight rigid container member having two opposite surface areas clearly optically transparent and adapted to receive solar energy, solar energy heat storage phase change material disposed in said container, said phase change material being polyethylene glycol characterized by a heat of fusion of about 33 to 37 ca./gm (4,170 to 4,670 Btu's per cubic ft.), a melting point of from about 13.degree. to 25.degree. C. (55.degree. to 77.degree. F.) and a specific gravity of approximately 1.125 at 20.degree. C., said phase change material in said fluid-tight container member being translucent milky white when in its low-stored-energy solid state and being clearly optically transparent to visible light when in its high-stored-energy liquid state for enabling a viewer to look through said container member, clearly optically transparent glazing in sheet form having an inner and an outer side, said transparent glazing being separated from said fluid-tight container member, and being positioned so as to permit solar radiation to pass through the glazing to a transparent surface area of the fluid-tight container member, the outer side of said glazing being disposed to face incoming solar radiation, said inner side of said glazing facing toward said transparent surface area of the fluid-tight container member, said inner side of the glazing being separated from said transparent surface area of the fluid-tight container member by a gas space, said glazing transmitting short wavelength solar and visible light rays while preventing longer wavelength heat rays from radiating through the glazing, said glazing being positioned on the opposite side of said fluid-tight container member from said enclosed space, whereby when said phase change material is in its low-stored-energy solid state said fluid-tight container member presents a back-illuminated milky white appearance to a viewer in said enclosed space, and whereby when said phase change material is in its high-stored-energy liquid state a viewer can see through said fluid-tight container and through said glazing. 2. A modular passive solar energy heating unit as claimed in claim 1, in which: said glazing prevents longer wavelength heat rays from radiating through itself by having a reflective insulation layer which reflects the longer wavelength heat rays, said reflective insulation layer being clearly optically transparent. 3. A modular passive solar energy heating and outdoors viewing unit as claimed in claim 1, in which: the inner surface area of said container facing toward said enclosed space is tinted. 4. A window unit for a wall or roof of an enclosed space wherein: said window unit comprises within a window viewing framing structure a central, multiple glazed, transparent viewing surface, and in planar relationship thereto and on at least one side of said central viewing surface, a modular passive solar energy heating unit of claim 1. 5. The window unit of claim 4, wherein: said central, multiple glazed, viewing surface comprises an inner glazing surface adapted to face an enclosed area to be heated, an outer glazing surface adapted to face incoming solar radiation and an intermediate glazing surface between said inner and outer glazing surfaces, said intermediate glazing surface having disposed thereon in a manner coextensive therewith a transparent insulation means which transmits short wavelength solar rays while reflecting longer wavelength heat rays for preventing them from radiating through said intermediate glazing surface. 6. The modular passive solar energy heating unit of claim 1, wherein: there are a plurality of fluid-tight container members placed and adapted to absorb solar energy passing through the transparent glazing in sheet form. 7. The modular passive solar energy heating unit of claim 6, wherein: the plurality of fluid-tight container members are mounted in an exterior wall of an enclosed space to be heated and said transparent glazing in sheet form is mounted in an exterior wall of said enclosed space to be heated. 8. A modular passive solar energy heating unit of claim 6, wherein: said each of said fluid-tight container members is a vacuum formed panel of clearly optically transparent material. 9. The modular passive solar energy heating unit of claim 1, wherein: said fluid-tight container member is mounted in an interior wall of an enclosed space to be heated, and said transparent glazing in sheet form is mounted in an exterior wall of an enclosed space to be heated. 10. For mounting in a wall or roof of a building containing an enclosed space for living or working within the building near such wall or roof and for being in a solar-radiation-receiving position, a passive solar energy heating window unit, comprising: a frame adapted to be mounted in such a wall or roof in such a position, at least one flat fluid-tight container mounted within said frame and having opposite parallel, flat, rigid, surface areas of clearly optically transparent material, the inner of said surface areas facing inwardly toward such an enclosed space when said frame is mounted in such wall or roof in such position, and the outer of said surface areas facing outwardly toward the exterior of the building when said frame is so mounted in such position, solar energy heat storage phase change material disposed in said container, said phase change material being polyethylene glycol characterized by a heat of fusion of about 33 to 37 ca./gm (4,170 to 4,670 Btu's per cubic ft.), a melting point of from about 13.degree. to 25.degree. C. (55.degree. to 77.degree. F.) and a specific gravity of approximately 1.125 to 20.degree. C., said phase change material in said fluid-tight container being translucent milky white when in its low-stored-energy solid state and being clearly optically transparent to visible light when in its high-stored-energy liquid state for enabling a viewer to look through said fluid-tight container when said phase change material is liquid, at least one clearly optically transparent glazing in flat sheet form mounted in said frame, said transparent glazing being spaced from the outer surface area of said fluid-tight container and being arranged in said frame on the opposite side of said fluid-tight container from said enclosed space when said frame is so mounted in such position for permitting solar radiation to pass through said glazing sheet and to impinge upon said outer transparent surface area of said fluid-tight container when said frame is so mounted in such position, the outer side of said glazing sheet being disposed to face the incoming solar radiation, said inner side of said glazing sheet facing toward said outer transparent surface area of the fluid-tight container, gas being included between said inner side of the glazing sheet and said outer surface area of the container, said glazing sheet transmitting short wavelength solar and visible light rays while preventing longer wavelength heat rays from radiating through the glazing sheet, whereby when said phase change material is in its low-stored-energy solid state said fluid-tight container member presents a back-illuminated milky white appearance to a viewer in said enclosed space, whereby when said phase change material is in its high-stored-energy liquid state a viewer in said enclosed space can see through said fluid-tight container and through said glazing, and whereby said phase change material releases its heat of fusion as it changes back into a solid state for maintaining the enclosed space at a comfortable temperature. 11. For mounting in a wall or roof of a building in a solar-radiation-receiving position, a passive solar energy heating window unit, as claimed in claim 10, in which: said two spaced parallel planar glazing sheets of said fluid-tight containing are spaced approximately one centimeter apart from each other, and said polyethylene glycol is in a planar layer approximately one centimeter thick. 12. For mounting in a wall or roof of a building in a solar-radiation-receiving position, a passive solar energy heating window unit, as claimed in claim 10, in which: said inner and outer surface areas of said fluid-tight container are a pair of spaced parallel planar glazing sheet with said phase change material substantially filling the region between said pair of planar glazing sheets. 13. A passive solar energy heating window unit as claimed in claim 10, in which: a dye soluble in said phase change material is added to said material in said container for aesthetic effect, for increasing absorbtivity when said material is in its low-stored-energy translucent state and for decreasing penetration of sunlight directly into said enclosed state when said material is in its optically transparent high-stored-energy liquid state. 14. For mounting in a wall or roof of a building in a solar-radiation-receiving position, a passive solar energy heating window unit, as claimed in claim 10, in which said glazing sheet has a reflective insulation layer covering it, said reflective layer being clearly optically transparent for visible light rays and being reflective of longer wavelength heat rays. 15. For mounting in a wall or roof of a building in a solar-radiation-receiving position, a passive solar energy heating window unit, as claimed in claim 10, in which: at least one of said fluid-tight containers is mounted in said frame in one end of the frame and at least one of said fluid-tight containers is mounted in said frame in the other end of the frame and a window is mounted in said frame between said containers, said window having at least double glazing, and at least one clearly optically transparent glazing sheet mounted in said frame outside of each of said fluid-tight containers and being spaced from the outside surface area of the container. 16. For mounting in a wall or roof of a building in a solar-radiation-receiving position, a passive solar energy heating window unit, as claimed in claim 15, in which: a double-glazed window is mounted in said frame outside of each of said fluid-tight containers and being spaced from the outside surface area of the container. 17. A passive solar energy window heating unit for installation in a wall or roof of an enclosed space comprising: a peripheral frame adapted to be mounted in the wall or roof in a position for receiving solar radiation, at least one flat rigid fluid-tight container mounted within said frame and having two opposite parallel flat surface areas of clearly optically transparent rigid glazing material, the inner of said flat surface areas facing inwardly toward such an enclosed space when said frame is mounted in the wall or roof in such position, and the outer of said flat surface areas facing outwardly toward the exterior of the building when said frame is mounted in such position, solar energy heat storage phase change material filling container, said phase change material being polyethylene glycol characterized by a heat of fusion of about 33 to 37 ca./gm. (4,170 to 4,670 Btu's per cubic ft.), a melting point of from about 13.degree. C. to 25.degree. C. (55.degree. F. to 77.degree. F.) and a specific gravity of approximately 1.125 at 20.degree. C., said phase change material in said fluid-tight container being translucent milky white when in its low-stored-energy solid state and being clearly optically transparent to visible light when in its high-stored-energy liquid state for enabling a viewer in the enclosed space to look outdoors through said fluid-tight container and through said two parallel flat transparent glazing surface areas when said phase change material is liquid, at least one clearly optically transparent glazing in flat sheet form mounted in said frame, said transparent glazing being spaced from and parallel to the outer flat surface area of said fluid-tight container and being arranged in said frame on the opposite side of said fluid-tight container from said enclosed space when said frame is mounted in such position for permitting solar radiation to pass through said glazing sheet and to impinge upon said outer transparent surface area of said fluid-tight container when said frame is mounted in such position, the outer side of said glazing sheet facing the incoming solar radiation, the inner side of said glazing sheet facing toward said outer flat transparent surface area of the fluid-tight container, said glazing sheet being transparent with respect to visible light rays while being opaque with respect to longer wavelength heat rays for transmitting visible light rays while preventing longer wavelength heat rays from radiating through the glazing sheet, said phase change material in its low-stored-energy solid stage in said fluid-tight container member presenting a back-illuminted milky white appearance to a viewer in said enclosed space and thereby provides a diffuse pleasant daylight illumination in said enclosed space, said phase change material in its high-stored-energy liquid state being clearly transparent for enabling a viewer in said enclosed space to see through said fluid-tight container and through said glazing sheet, and said phase change materal releasing its heat of fusion as it changes back into a solid state in said temperature range of 13.degree. C. to 25.degree. C. (55.degree. F. to 77.degree. F.) for maintaining the enclosed space at a comfortable temperature in said range. 18. A passive solar energy window heating unit as claimed in claim 17, in which: two clearly optically transparent planar glazing sheets of glass are mounted in said frame in spaced parallel relationship forming a double-glazed window, said double-glazed window being spaced from and parallel to the outer glass surface area of said flat fluid-tight container, and said double-glazed glass window transmits visible light rays while preventing longer wavelength heat rays from radiating through them. 19. A passive solar energy window heating unit as claimed in claim 18, in which: the inner surface of the outer glass glazing sheet of said double-glazed window is covered by a reflective insulation layer, said reflective layer being clearly optically transparent for visible light rays and being reflective of longer wavelength heat rays, and dry gas between said two glazing sheets inert to said reflective insulation layer. 20. A passive solar energy window heating unit as claimed in claim 17, in which: said two opposite parallel flat surface areas of said flat fluid-tight container of clearly optically transparent glazing material are glass, and said clearly optically transparent glazing in flat sheet form mounted in said frame parallel to said flat container is also glass. 21. A passive solar energy window heating unit as claimed in claim 20, in which: the inner of said flat glass surface areas facing inwardly toward the enclosed space is tinted. 22. A passive solar energy window heating unit as claimed in claim 20, in which: said glass sheet mounted parallel to said flat container is coated with a reflective insulation layer which is clearly optically transparent for visible light rays but is reflective of longer wavelength heat rays. 23. A modular passive solar energy window heating unit adapted to absorb and store solar energy and subsequently to release the stored energy as thermal energy in an enclosed space such as living space or office space, said unit being adapted to be installed into existing window openings on a retrofit basis comprising: outer and inner clearly optically transparent flat glass glazing sheets, a frame encircling said two glass glazing sheets holding them in spaced parallel relationship and sealing the region between said two glazing sheets for forming a fluid-tight container of generally overall planar configuration, solar energy heat storage phase change material essentially filling said planar container, said phase change material being polyethylene glycol characterized by a heat of fusion of about 33 to 37 ca./gm. (4,170 to 4,670 Btu's per cubic ft.), a melting point of from about 13.degree. C. to 25.degree. C. (55.degree. F. to 77.degree. F.) and a specific gravity of approximately 1.125 at 20.degree. C., said phase change material in said planar fluid-tight container being translucent milky white when in its low-stored-energy solid state for providing attractive illumination into the enclosed space from the window in which said retrofit unit is installed, and being clearly optically transparent to visible light when in its high-stored-energy liquid state for enabling a viewer in the enclosed space to look through said retrofit unit and out through the window, and said phase change material during phase change exhibits a change in volume of less than two percent during phase change for enabling the glass glazing sheets to accommodate such modest change in volume. 24. A modular passive solar energy window heating unit as claimed in claim 23, in which: a plurality of said glass-glazed fluid-tight containers are positioned one above another adjacent one to another in aligned vertical orientation for providing a relatively tall window unit, and each of said containers has a vertical height not exceeding 2.5 feet for keeping the hydrostatic pressure moderate in the phase change material contained between the outer and inner glass glazing sheets of each container. 25. A modular passive solar energy window heating unit as claimed in claim 23, in which: said glass glazing sheets are spaced apart approximately one centimeter (approximately 0.4 of an inch), and said polyethylene glycol is in a planar layer approximately one centimeter thick between said sheets. 26. A modular passive solar energy heating unit as claimed in claim 23, in which: a dye soluble in said phase change material in said container is added to said material for aesthetic effect, for increasing absorbtivity when said material is in its low-stored-energy translucent state and for decreasing penetration of sunlight directly into said enclosed state when said material is in its optically transparent high-stored-energy liquid state. 27. A modular passive solar energy window heating unit as claimed in claim 26, in which: the inner planar glass glazing sheet is tinted. 