A valve body is provided having axially spaced annular valve seats defining fluid outlets for the body. The body includes an inlet opening into the interior thereof between the seats and a disc valve is supported within the body for axial shifting between the seats. A drive mechanism for the valve disc is drivingly connected thereto and is operative to slowly shift the valve disc from one seat toward engagement with the other seat. The drive mechanism includes a reversible electric motor, a timer, a storage battery and a solar panel for recharging the storage battery. The timer alternately operates the motor in opposite directions whereby the valve disc is shifted back and forth between seated engagement with the axially spaced valve seats.
Claims What is claimed as new is as follows: 1. An irrigation surge valve including a hollow tubular body defining opposing axially spaced annular outlet seats, said body including an inlet opening into said body intermediate said seats, an elongated support mounted in said body for guided recilinear movement between first and second predetermined positions, a valve disc slidably mounted on said support for shifting therealong between relatively axially displaced limit positions, means operatively connected between said disc and support yieldingly biasing said disc toward an intermediate position on said support between said limit positions, said disc being alternately sealingly engageable with said seats upon alternate shifting of said support between said predetermined positions, reversible motor means operatively connected to said support for shifting said support between said first and second predetermined positions, said body including upper and lower sides and said lower side defining an internal upwardly opening sump communicated with the interior of said body between said seats and disposed below the path of movement of said disc between aid seats, said body further including a third outlet of smaller cross-sectional area than the effective flow cross-sectional area of said outlet seats, said third outlet opening into said body intermediate said seats and generally opposite from said inlet opening, said third outlet being disposed above the level of said sump. 2. The valve of claim 1 wherein said third outlet includes a water pervious bag-type cover filter secured thereover externally of said body. 3. The valve of claim 1 wherein said motor means comprises a reversible electric motor, a control mechanism operatively connected to said motor for controlled operation thereof, said control mechanism including means operative to reversibly operate said motor at variable timed intervals. 4. The valve of claim 3 wherein said control mechanism also includes a storage battery and a solar panel for recharging said battery, said battery being electrically connected to said motor through a timing and switching mechanism. 5. The valve of claim 1 wherein said support includes one end portion thereof provided with rack gear teeth, said motor means being disposed externally of said body and including a rotary output shaft projecting into said body and having a pinion gear mounted thereon method with said rack gear. 6. An irrigation surge valve including a hollow tubular body including longitudinally spaced opposing annular outlet seats, said body including an inlet opening into said body intermediate said seats, a valve disc, mounting means mounting said disc in said body for axial shifting therealong between relatively axially spaced limit positions sealingly engaged with said seats, drive means operatively connected to said disc for shifting said disc between said limit positions, said body including upper and lower sides, said lower side defining an internal upwardly opening sump within said body, between said seats and disposed below the path of movement of said disc between said seats, said mounting means including an elongated support upon which said disc is generally coaxially mounted for limited sliding therealong, first and second support means in said body spaced longitudinally therealong on remote sides of said seats guidingly engaging first and second end portions, respectively, of said elongated support member for guided reciprocation of the latter longitudinally of said tubular body, longitudinally spaced abutment means on said elongated support spaced on opposite sides of said disc, and coiled compression springs disposed on said elongated support member on opposite sides of said disc and between the latter and said abutment means with said springs partially compressed when said disc is centered between said abutment means, said first end portion of said elongated support member including rack gear means extending longitudinally therealong, said drive means including a reversible motor driven pinion gear journalled from said first support means and meshed with said rack gear means. 7. An irrigation surge valve including a hollow tubular body including longitudinally spaced opposing annular annular outlet seats, said body including an inlet opening into said body intermediate said seats, a valve disc, mounting means mounting said disc in said body for axial shifting therealong between relatively axially spaced limit positions sealingly engaged with said seats, drive means operatively connected to said disc for shifting said disc between said limit positions, said body including upper and lower sides, said lower side defining an internal upwardly opening sump within said body, between said seats and disposed below the path of movement of said disc between said seats, said body including a third outlet of smaller cross-sectional area than the effective flow cross-sectional area of said outlet seats, said third outlet opening into said body intermediate said seats and generally opposite from said inlet opening, said third outlet being disposed above the level of said sump. 8. The valve of claim 7 wherein said third outlet includes a water pervious bag-type cover filter secured thereover externally of said body. 