An improvement in a system and method of controlling a body to maximize the amount of solar energy received by a collector by moving the body in azimuth and elevation by respective DC motors having connected therewith ring magnets and Hall Effect Devices for signalling the degrees, or steps of rotation. The at least one body may be a collector, per se, or a plurality of heliostats in an array reflecting onto a central collector. A central computer calculates a commanded position for particular time of particular day for the particular location of the body. A microprocessor incorporating respective software and hardware then calculates the position for the heliostat to be in terms of the number of signals from the Hall Effect Device, compares the number of signals from the Hall Effect Device once the motors are energized in, respectively, azimuth and elevation and runs to the commanded position. The software and hardware incorporate means for appropriately starting and stopping the motors at a desired point, such as the zero position of a cycle of alternating current to minimize noise; incorporates means for determining when there is a power failure and shutting down the system to prevent damage upon reapplication of power or the like. By this technique, the body is kept correctly oriented throughout the day using only the time of the day without requiring the usual sensors and feedback apparatus.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a control system for a solar system for maximizing solar energy received by a collector and including at least one body that is employed to maximize the solar energy received by the collector responsive to movement about two axes by respective azimuth and elevation motors, the at least one body comprising a collector, per se, or a plurality of heliostats reflecting solar energy onto a central collector; said at least one body including a support stand, support structure, means including the azimuth and elevation motors for moving said at least one body in azimuth and elevation with respect to said support stand, the improvement comprising a central computer handling external data processing, communication and control, and the plurality of said bodies and the plurality respective microprocessors, one at each said body, each being connected to said central computer and handling for its respective body internal data processing, communication and direct control of its respective azimuth and elevation motor of element b, hereinafter; said central computer and each respective microprocessor at each said body including respective routines and software that effect communicating and co-action such that there are provided the following system elements: a. monitor means for monitoring a current position of said respective azimuth and elevation motors for each of said at least one body; b. a controller for receiving input data including a commanded position in terms of angles of azimuth and elevation for each said body and including for each said body a microprocessor and program and software having accumulating means for determining commanded number of steps for the respective motors to move in azimuth and elevation to reach a commanded position; respective azimuth and elevation motors being direct current motors having Hall Effect Devices for monitoring the number of positions through which the motors have rotated and do rotate; energizer means for energizing the respective said motors in azimuth and elevation; counter means for counting the number of pulses from said Hall Effect Devices on respective said motors; comparison means for comparing the counted steps of said motors and comparing it with the predetermined number of steps to said commanded position; said comparison means being connected with said other elements so as to enable energizing and deenergizing respective said motors in attaining said commanded position in azimuth and elevation for each respective at least one body. 2. The control system of claim 1 wherein said DC motors have respective solid state relays on both the run cycle and on the brake cycle so as to enable said motors to be stopped rapidly. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said microprocessor and said software includes means for determining the direction of the rotation of the respective motors in, respectively, elevation and azimuth in order to send the proper polarity to the motor to get the proper degree of rotation. 4. The control system of claim 1 wherein said controller and central computer includes a program for computing a commanded position for a plurality of respective said bodies to be at at a particular time of day and wherein there are a plurality of said bodies controlled by said central computer and each said body has its said microprocessor and program for attaining respective positions commanded by said central computer throughout each day. 5. In a method of controlling at least one body to maximize solar energy received by a collector including moving the at least one body in both azimuth and elevation by respective azimuth and elevation direct current motors, the improvement comprising employing a central computer and a plurality of said bodies and a plurality of respective microprocessors, one at each said body, communicating sequentially and respectively with respective routines and software such that there is carried out for each said body the following steps: a. calculating a commanded position for the at least one body to be at at a particular time of day in terms of numbers of counts for respective Hall Effect Devices connected with respective direct current electric motors serving as the respective elevation and azimuth motors; b. initializing and powering up at a predetermined position and monitoring the position by counting means thereafter; c. accumulating the number of steps in azimuth and elevation by each said Hall Effect Device on each said motor to get to said commanded position from said predetermined position each time said body is to be moved; energizing respective said azimuth and elevation direct current motors whenever movement in azimuth and elevation are desired; counting the number of signals from said Hall Effect Devices connected respectively with said azimuth and elevation motors and comparing number of positions moved with the numbers to be moved to achieve respective commanded positions and doing this repetitively throughout the chronology of a day. 6. The method of claim 5 wherein said respective DC motors and Hall Effect Devices are moved to the command position by counting and where solid state relays are employed to power said DC motors and wherein solid state relays are employed to brake said motor by applying a low resistance across the windings of said motors. 7. The method of claim 5 wherein said method incorporates a means for determining when power fails and enables a safety shutdown mode in the event of a power failure. 8. In a method of positioning the body so so as to achieve a particular orientation by movement about two axes, the improvement comprising: a. calculating a commanded position for the body to be at a particular time of day in terms of numbers of counts for respective Hall Effect Devices connected with respective direct current electric motors serving as the respective elevation and azimuth motors; b. initializing and powering up at a predetermined position and monitoring the position by counting means thereafter; c. accumulating the number of steps in azimuth and elevation by respective Hall Effect Devices on said motors to get to said commanded position from said predetermined position each time said body is to be moved; energizing respective said azimuth and elevation direct current motors where any movement in azimuth and elevation are desired; counting the number of signals from respective said Hall Effect Devices connected with respective said azimuth and elevation motors and comparing number of positions moved with the numbers to be moved to achieve respective commanded positions and doing this repetitively throughout the chronology of a day. 