A water heating system comprises a low temperature stage with a stratified tank, connected by a line system to a high temperature stage and a distribution stage. Between the high temperature stage and the distribution stage there can be an oppositely flowing line system. Lines carry circulating or mixed water from the distribution stage to a consumption stage. A programmable switching unit is provided for monitoring and controlling the hydraulic network.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for providing heated service water, comprising the steps of: heating a quantity of service water to a lower temperature range in a lower temperature stage; heating a quantity of service water to a higher temperature range in a higher temperature stage; conveying service water between the lower and higher temperature stages through a first line means; conveying service water directly and separately from each of the higher and lower temperature stages to a distribution stage through second line means; mixing and circulating service water in the distribution stage; conveying service water, from the distribution stage to a consumption stage draw-off point through a third line means, of one of the temperature ranges for a shorter time period than of the other temperature range, and conveying lower temperature stage service water directly to the distribution stage and then to the consumption stage without being mixed with service water of the higher temperature stage; controlling flow of service water through the line means by valve means; and monitoring operation of the method and regulating operation of the valve means with programmable control means. 2. A method according to claim 1 wherein service water of the higher temperature range is supplied in predetermined time periods, and service water of the lower temperature range is supplied in intermediate time periods to the draw-off point. 3. A method according to claim 2 wherein the service water of the higher temperature range is supplied by service water of the lower temperature range heated by additional heating. 4. A method according to claim 3 wherein the service water of the higher temperature range is produced by mixing water at a temperature above the mixing temperature with water preheated to the same or a lower temperature than the mixing temperature. 5. A method according to claim 4 wherein the service water of the lower temperature range is heated by low temperature thermal energy from at least one of solar cells and heat pumps, and the service water of the higher temperature range is produced by admixing water heated by at least one of electric and oil firing energy. 6. A method according to claim 3 wherein the service water of the lower temperature range is heated by waste heat, and the service water of the higher temperature range is produced by admixing water heated by at least one of solar energy, coal energy, fermentation gas energy, electric energy and oil energy. 7. A method according to claim 4 wherein the service water of the lower temperature range is heated by supplying energy at different temperature stages and is introduced into a hot water tank to form a temperature gradient. 8. A method according to claim 7 wherein service water of the lower temperature is not recirculated with other tanks. 9. An apparatus for providing heated service water, comprising: a lower temperature stage having means for heating service water to a lower temperature range; a higher temperature stage having means for heating service water to a higher temperature range; first line means for coupling said lower temperature stage and said higher temperature stage in fluid communication; a distribution stage having means for mixing and circulating service water; second line means for coupling said higher temperature stage to said distribution stage in fluid communication; third line means for conveying service water from said distribution stage to a consumption stage; fourth line means for directly coupling said lower temperature stage to said distribution stage in fluid communication; valve means for controlling the flow of service water through said line means; and programmable control means for monitoring operation of the apparatus and regulating operation of said valve means such that service water of one of the temperature ranges is conveyed to said consumption stage for a shorter time period than service water of the other temperature range, and such that lower temperature stage water is conveyed directly to said distribution stage and then said consumption stage without being mixed with service water of said higher temperature stage. 10. An apparatus according to claim 9 wherein said lower temperature stage, higher temperature stage, said distribution stage and said consumption stage are coupled to a central programmable control means. 11. An apparatus according to claim 10 wherein a plurality of programmable switching means are interconnected with said stages for shifting thermal energy within the apparatus. 12. An apparatus according to claim 9 wherein said lower temperature stage comprises a heating tank with heat exchangers arranged at different gravitation levels. 13. An apparatus according to claim 12 wherein said lower temperature stage comprises a cold water inlet located at the lowest possible level of said heating tank. 14. An apparatus according to claim 13 wherein said lower temperature stage comprises at least two heat exchangers operated at different temperatures. 15. An apparatus according to claim 14 wherein said exchangers are operated by at least one of solar heat and heat pump heat. 16. An apparatus according to claim 14 wherein said heat exchangers are operated by at least one of waste heat and solar heat. 17. An apparatus according to claim 14 wherein said exchangers are operated by at least one of fermentation gas heat and heat pump heat. 18. An apparatus according to claim 14 wherein said heat exchangers operated by at least one of electric heat and heat pump heat. 19. An apparatus according to claim 14 wherein said heat exchangers are operated by at least one of electric heat and solar heat. 20. An apparatus according to claim 14 wherein said lower temperature stage comprises an additional heat exchanger with means for receiving waste heat from such devices as tumble dryers, ironing machines and cooling systems. 21. An apparatus according to claim 9 wherein said higher temperature stage comprises a boiler having an additional heat exchanger with means for receiving solar energy. 22. An apparatus according to claim 21 wherein said additional heat exchanger is operated in connection with a heating means employing another form of high temperature energy. 