A solar ray collecting device is comprised of a supporting base plate on which a large number of hexagonal recesses are provided and a large number of optical systems are arranged on each of said recesses. Each of said optical systems is made up of a hexagonal focusing lens of a dimension that is approximately the same as the hexagonal recesses and of a head-cut hexagonal pyramid which extends downward from the light collecting lens as an upper surface of said recess. An optical conductor which is a light-receiving surface is provided on the focus of said light collecting lens. Furthermore, the upper internal circumferential surface of the side wall forming said recess is so formed that it may be able to move freely on the surface of said hexagonal pyramid.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar ray collecting device comprising a supporting member, a plurality of recess means in said member, a pyramid means disposed in each of said recess means, said pyramid means having a bottom wall and side walls extending from said bottom wall, said side walls of said pyramid means generally slope outwardly form said bottom wall and having end portions defining a pyramid opening, a focusing lens disposed in said pyramid opening, an optical conductor extending through said bottom wall and having a light-receiving surface within said pyramid means, said light-receiving surface being disposed at the focus of said lens such that solar rays focused by said lens are guided into said optical conductor, and mounting means on said side walls of said pyramid means and on said lens for mounting said lens on said pyramid opening to provide for relative movement between said lens and said pyramid means while maintaining the focus of said lens on said light-receiving surface, whereby the solar ray device effectively collects solar rays under conditions where the lens moves relative to the pyramid means due to temperature changes. 2. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1, wherein said recess means is a hexagonal recess. 3. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 2, wherein said lens is a hexagonal lens having dimensions approximately the same as the dimensions of said hexagonal recess. 4. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1, wherein said side walls of said pyramid means are disposed to have a generally hexagonal configuration. 5. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1, wherein said pyramid means has a generally central axis, said side walls sloping outwardly further away from said central axis as said pyramid opening is approached. 6. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 5, wherein said mounting means comprises an outer engaging surface at the outer extremity of said lens and an inner engaging surface on the inner surface of said end portions of said side walls, said outer and inner engaging surfaces being disposed at a fixed angle relative to said central axis such that said lens is movable along said second engaging surface as the lens expands and contracts due to temperature changes. 7. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 6, wherein said outer and inner engaging surfaces are disposed at a common angle relative to a longitudinal axis passing through the focus of said lens on said light-receiving surface such that imaginary linear extensions of said outer and inner engaging surfaces intersect the focus of said lens on said light-receiving surface. 8. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1, wherein said recess means comprises recess walls which define a recess in which said pyramid means is received, said recess walls having recess wall end portions defining a recess opening, said recess wall end portions having an inner engaging recess surface, said pyramid means having an outer engaging surface on said end portions of said pyramid side walls, said outer engaging pyramid surface engaging said inner engaging recess surface such that said pyramid means is movable along said inner engaging recess surface as said pyramid means expands and contracts due to temperature changes. 9. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 8, wherein said inner engaging recess surface and said outer engaging pyramid surface are disposed at a common angle relative to a longitudinal axis passing through the focus of said lens on said light-receiving surface such that imaginary linear extensions of said inner engaging recess surface and imaginary linear extensions of said outer engaging pyramid surface intersect said longitudinal axis at a common intersection. 10. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1 further comprising protection bar means disposed on said end portions of said side walls of said pyramid means. 11. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1 wherein said pyramid means comprise a transparent, acrylic material. 12. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1 further comprising a light-reflecting film formed by aluminum evaporation on at least portions of the external surface of said pyramid means. 13. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1 further comprising a fluorescent substance mixed in with said pyramid means. 14. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1 further comprising a solar battery mounted on said bottom wall of said pyramid means. 15. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1 further comprising an inductive material on the outer surface of said bottom wall of said pyramid means, said inductive material storing light energy generated by an optical reaction. 16. A solar ray collecting device a-cording to claim 1 further comprising a light-reflecting film formed by aluminum evaporation on at least portions of the internal surface of said pyramid means. 