A solar energy collecting system for a building structure having a south facing wall and a roof structure including upper and lower solar panels of rectangular configuration having top, bottom and side edges disposed one over another. The lower of the solar panels are mounted with their bottom edges parallel to the ground line of the south facing wall with the major axes thereof extending east and west and the minor axes positioned at an angle of about 70.degree. to the horizontal. The upper panel is also mounted with the major axis extending in an east and west direction and the minor axis positioned at an angle of about 50.degree. to the horizontal. With this arrangement of the panels, maximum effective winter sunlight reaches the panels as the plane of their collector surface is substantially perpendicular to the line of the sun's rays whereas, in the summer time, the uppermost panel receives much less heat than if it were perpendicular to the sun's rays. The bottom panels act more as an insulator for the wall of the building than a collector, having only a 15 to 90 ratio of effectiveness and the sun's rays, at those seasons when the lower panels are not fully shielded, coming in at a slant and are much more reflective in pattern.
Claims Having described my invention, what is claimed is: 1. Solar energy collecting system employing a multiplicity of specially positioned collector panels for a south facing wall and roof of a building structure comprising first and second solar panels, said first and second panel being connected to each other for fluid flow therethrough to form part of said system; each of the first and second solar panels being rectangular and having top, bottom and side edges; means mounting the first solar panel with the bottom edge paralleling the ground line of the south facing wall with the major axis of the panel extending east and west; the minor axis of said first panel being positioned at an angle of from about 60.degree. to about 80.degree. to the horizontal; said second solar panel mounted above said first solar panel with the bottom edge thereof spaced above the top edge of the said first solar panel; the major axis of said second solar panel extending east and west and the minor axis positioned at an angle of from about 40.degree. to about 60.degree. to the horizontal; whereby said first and second solar panels receive maximum effective winter sunlight and in summer said panels intercept substantially less solar rays; said solar energy collecting system further characterized in that the upper second solar panel projects outwardly of said first solar panel to thereby shade said first solar panel at high summer angles of the sun. 2. The solar energy collecting system as defined in claim 1 wherein the south facing wall of the building structure includes at least one window or line of windows running laterally between the upper edge of the first panel and the lower edge of the second panel. 3. The solar energy collecting system as defined in claim 1 wherein the first solar panel comprises a pair of panels separated by a door. 4. The solar collecting system as defined in claim 1 wherein the referenced panel tiers may be used in a multistory building to achieve the same objective. 5. The solar energy collecting system as defined in claim 1 wherein the first solar panel is mounted at an angle of 70.degree. to the horizontal and said second solar panel is mounted at an angle of 50.degree. to the horizontal. 