A structure (47) is rotatable 360.degree. about a vertical azimuth axis and 90.degree. or more about an orthogonal elevation axis. The structure (47) is mounted upon a rotating turret (6) in the general shape of an inverted pyramid, with a vertical generally cylindrical torque tube (11) protruding from the bottom of the turret (6). A drive wheel (12) is attached to the bottom of the tube (11) and provides a mechanical advantage for azimuthal rotation because it is larger than the wheel (25, 26, 30) connecting the top of the tube (11) with the bottom of the turret (6). The turret (6) rotatably turns about tripod base (46) by means of wheels (29) mounted beneath the rim (30) of said upper wheel (25, 26, 30). Elevational motion is provided by means of a lead screw (16) connecting rotating turret (6) with structure (47), which can be a modular mass-producible solar radiation reflector consisting of many identical reflective panels (1), each having the shape of a portion of the surface of a sphere.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Method for mass producing a solar radiation reflector comprising the steps of: mass producing many identical reflective facets each having the contour of a portion of a sphere; mounting a row of said facets between two horizontal parallel beams such that each facet can partially rotate about a vertical axis and can partially rotate about a horizontal axis; assembling at least one module comprising at least two horizontal beams fixedly positioned with respect to each other; mounting the modules onto a test fixture; aligning all of the facets so that they focus radiation from a distant point upon an aperture a distance from each facet equal to one half the radius of curvature of each facet; removing the modules from the test fixture; transporting the modules to the site where the concentrator is located; and affixing the modules onto a reflector support structure so as to make a prefocused solar radiation reflector. 2. A method for constructing an aligned point focusing solar radiation concertrator at a remote location, comprising the steps of: mass producing many reflective panels each having uniform size and shape, and each having a reflective surface area which is a portion of a sphere; combining sets of the reflective panels into modules, wherein each module comprises at least two identical piecewise-straight parallel beams and several panels, each panel being mounted within a pair of beams each panel can partially rotate about a vertical axis and can partially rotate about a horizontal axis; attaching at least one module onto a brace to form a reflector having a small focal aperture substantially R/2 away from each panel, where R is the radius of curvature of each panel; aligning the panels to maximize the degree to which they reflect solar radiation onto the focal aperture; removing the modules from the brace whilst preserving the alignment accomplished by the preceding step; moving the aligned modules and brace to the remote location; and reassembling the aligned modules onto the brace at the remote location. 