A touch-sensitive overlay (20) for cooperative, optically proximate engagement with a visual display (22) of luminous character information (38) latently occupying one or more of a plurality of character locations (26) defined with a position-multiplexed coordinate array one from another, is comprised of a mask (44) of a photoreactive transducer (52) having at least one photoelectric parameter which varies as a function of incident light from the display of character information striking the transducer, and a signal circuit element (92) responsive to a variation in the photoelectric parameter in communication with the mask for developing a characteristic logic pulse indicative of the position of one or more character locations within the array upon a touch thereof and the coincident presence of character information thereat (48). In a highly preferred implementation, the visual display is a CRT display where the raster scan (24) and associated driving circuitry (96) provides the position-multiplexing of character locations and selective illumination thereof, while the photoreactive transducer is an open photovoltaic cell for developing a localized electric potential at luminous character locations, completed upon a manual touch by the operator at a selected location to develop an output voltage pulse indicative of the position(s) touched, which pulse is then employed to interrogate registers (98) associated with the raster scan circuitry in order to provide spatial determination of the location(s) corresponding to the coincident presence of a touch and luminous character information thereat.
Claims I claim: 1. A touch-sensitive overlay for placement on a visual display including a system for illuminating areas at a plurality of locations in said display and responsive to an electrical signal to provide an indication of an illuminated area location in said display, comprising: a substantially transparent sheet having a plurality of discrete photoreactive transducer means distributed thereon and placeable over said illuminated area location, the photoreactive transducer means having at least one photoelectric characteristic which varies as a function of incident light from said illuminated area location in said display impinging said transducer means, and circuit means for obtaining from said transducer means said electrical signal in response to a variation of said photoelectric characteristic due to incident light from said illuminated area in said display at said transducer means coincident with an external touch of said overlay to identify the location of said touch relative to said display. 2. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 1, wherein said circuit means includes an optically transparent conductor in contact with said transducer means. 3. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 1, wherein said sheet includes a plurality of discrete, open, photovoltaic cells disposed in a cell array over said display. 4. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 3, wherein said cell array conforms substantially to the geometric conformation of said plurality of said locations. 5. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 4, wherein each of said photovoltaic cells is an optically non-transparent cell. 6. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 4, further comprising a flexible cell electrode disposed in electrically spaced relationship from said open photovoltaic cell for contact therewith upon a touch thereof. 7. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 6, wherein said flexible cell electrode is comprised of a thin film of an optically transparent, electrically conductive composition borne on a flexibly resilient, optically transparent polymeric substrate. 8. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 7, wherein said thin film is selected from the group consisting of tin oxide, indium-tin oxide and gold films. 9. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 4, further comprising a flexible cell electrode disposed in electrically spaced relationship from said open photovoltaic cell for contact therewith upon a touch thereof. 10. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 9, wherein said flexible cell electrode is comprised of a thin film of an optically transparent, electrically conductive composition borne on a flexibly resilient, optically transparent polymeric substrate. 11. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 10, wherein said thin film is selected from the group consisting of tin oxide, indium-tin oxide and gold films. 12. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 1, wherein said transducer means comprises a plurality of discrete, open, optically transparent photovoltaic cells. 13. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 12, wherein each said cell is supported on a substrate comprising an optically transparent, electrically conductive film. 14. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 13, wherein each said photovoltaic cell is comprised of a photovoltaic semiconductor mask having a light-responsive junction. 15. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 14, wherein each said photovoltaic cell is comprised of a cadmium sulfide/cuprous sulfide semiconductor. 16. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 15, wherein said semiconductor is deposited upon a thin film selected from the group consisting of tin oxide, indium-tin oxide and gold films. 17. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 14, further comprising a flexible cell electrode disposed in electrically spaced relationship from said open photovoltaic cells for contact therewith upon a touch thereof. 18. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 17, wherein said flexible cell electrode is comprised of a thin film of an optically transparent, electrically conductive composition borne on a flexibly resilient, optically transparent polymeric substrate. 19. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 18, wherein said thin film is selected from the group consisting of tin oxide, indium-tin oxide and gold films. 20. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 1 or 2, wherein said visual display includes a CRT display and said illuminated area is created by the raster scan thereof. 21. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 20, wherein said CRT display includes raster scan counter means for controlling and monitoring the raster scan of said display, and further wherein said signal means comprises pulse developing means generating said characteristic logic pulse for interrogation of said scan counter means to identify raster location at the time of said touch. 22. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 1 or 2, wherein said visual display is comprised of a back-lit display of physically defined character locations. 23. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 22, wherein said back-lit display includes illumination means for creating luminous character information at said character locations on a time-multiplexed basis. 24. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 1 or 2, wherein said display is a time-multiplexed array of discrete character locations selectively illuminated to yield said luminous character information. 25. The touch-sensitive overlay of claim 24, wherein said display includes time-multiplexing circuit means for controlling and monitoring the illumination of said discrete locations, and further wherein said signal means comprises pulse developing means generating said characteristic logic pulse for interrogation of said time-multiplexing circuit means to identify the character location(s) illuminated at the time of said touch. 26. A touch sensitive overlay for placement over a visible light emitting display, comprising: a transducer including a photoreactive member responsive to incident light from a raster source in said display to generate an electrical signal at a location on said transducer subject to said incident light, said transducer further including an ungrounded conductive member in conductive engagement with said photoreactive member for disposition between said display and said photoreactive member; timing circuit means connected to a ground for controlling said raster source to scan the light emitting display and for determining the instantaneous location of light on the transducer produced by the display; and signal means conductively connected to said ungrounded conductive member and said circuit means for establishing a signal path between said photoreactive member and said ground; said signal means responsive to capacitive coupling to ground by an external touch at said location on said transducer subject to said incident light to complete an electrical connection to ground; said timing circuit means including means for determining a location of said light emission in said display coincident with said touch. 27. The touch sensitive overlay of claim 26 including a transparent nonconductive overcoating disposed on said transducer opposite said conductive member. 28. The touch sensitive overlay of claim 27 wherein said photoreactive means includes at least one photovoltaic cell overlying said visible light emitting display and said photovoltaic cell comprises a photovoltaic semiconductor mask having a light responsive junction. 29. The touch sensitive overlay of claim 28 wherein said visible light emitting display comprises a cathode ray tube and wherein said timing circuit means includes raster scan counter means for controlling and monitoring the raster scan in said display, said raster scan counter means responsive to said electrical signal to output said raster location. 30. The touch sensitive overlay of claim 29 wherein said signal means includes a grounded resistance connected to said conductive member and an operational amplifier having one input connected to said conductive member and a second input grounded, said operational amplifier having an output connected to said raster scan counter means. 31. The touch sensitive overlay of claim 30 wherein said raster scan counter means controls the raster scan to provide a plurality of trace scans in one direction and a plurality of retrace scans in the opposite direction, and said signal means includes gating means connected to said operational amplifier to gate said electrical signal to said circuit means only during said trace scans. 32. A touch sensitive overlay for placement over a visible light emitting display, comprising: a transducer including a photoreactive member responsive to incident light from a raster source in said display to generate an electrical signal at a location on said transducer subject to said incident light, said transducer further including a grounded conductive member in conductive engagement with said photoreactive member for disposition between said display and said photoreactive member; timing circuit means connected to ground and responsive to the raster for determining the instantaneous location of the light incident on the photoreactive member; a flexible, ungrounded conductive member spaced from said photoreactive member of said transducer and disposed outwardly of said transducer whereby said transducer is disposed between said visible light emitting display and said ungrounded conductive member, said ungrounded conductive member responsive to an external touch at a location thereon to flex into conductive engagement with said photoreactive member; and signal means conductively connected to said conductive member and said timing circuit means, said signal means responsive to conductive engagement of said ungrounded conductive member and a location on said transducer coincident with said incident light on said transducer to complete an electrical connection and provide said electrical signal between said photoreactive member and said timing circuit means; said timing circuit means including means for determining a location of said light emission in said display coincident with said touch. 33. The touch sensitive overlay of claim 32 wherein said photoreactive means includes at least one photovoltaic cell overlying said visible light emitting display and said photovoltaic cell comprises a photovoltaic semiconductor mask having a light responsive junction. 34. The touch sensitive overlay of claim 33 wherein said signal means includes a resistance connected between said ungrounded conductive member and said grounded conductive member, and said signal means includes a comparator having a first input connected to said conductive member and an output connected to said circuit means, and a reference voltage source connected to a second input of said comparator, a reference resistor connecting said second input of said comparator to said grounded conductive member. 