An aroma generator that is automatically activated when one turns on an electric light bulb in the room in which the generator is installed, the generator then functioning to discharge an air current into the room conveying an aromatic vapor which modifies the prevailing atmosphere. Included in the generator is a motor-driven fan that forces air through an air permeable cartridge containing an aroma supply, the motor being powered by a solar cell assembly mounted adjacent the bulb. The arrangement is such that when the bulb is switched on, the resultant cell output is sufficient to power the motor and activate the generator, the cell output, in response to ambient light being insufficient for this purpose, whereby the operation of the generator is coordinated with that of the bulb without any wire connection therebetween.
Claims I claim: 1. In combination with a switch-controlled electric light bulb having a threaded plug and a threaded socket disposed in a room which is also subject to natural ambient light, a switchless aroma generator installed in the room which is automatically activated only when the electric light bulb is switched on, the activated generator functioning to discharge an air current into the room which conveys an aromatic vapor to modify the atmosphere prevailing therein, said generator comprising: A an air-permeable cartridge containing an aroma supply which is exuded into the atmosphere at a relatively rapid rate as an air current is forced through the cartridge; B a fan driven by a low-voltage, direct-current motor having predetermined power requirements, the fan being arranged to force an air current through said cartridge; C a housing incorporating said cartridge and said motor-driven fan, said housing comprising means for mounting it on a wall in said room; and D a solar cell assembly producing a direct-current output placed in close proximity to said bulb in said room and irradiated thereby when the bulb is switched on, said assembly being connected to said motor to supply power thereto, the electrical relationship of said assembly to said motor being such that the cell output is sufficient to power said motor only when the bulb is switched on to irradiate the assembly, and is insufficient when the bulb is switched off and the cell output then depends on ambient light in the room, whereby the operation of the generator is coordinated with that of the bulb despite the absence of a wired connection therebetween and an aroma is generated only when the bulb is switched on. 2. The combination as set forth in claim 1, wherein said aroma supply is constituted by fragrance beads. 3. The combination as set forth in claim 1, wherein said housing is constituted by a cylindrical main body having a tubular socket supported coaxially therein by a spider, said motor being in cylindrical form and being received in said socket, said cartridge being in a toroidal form having a hollow core and being seated on said spider within said body, the tubular socket extending through the hollow core of the cartridge, said motor having a shaft extending beyond said spider and having said fan attached thereto which rotates within said body. 4. The combination as set forth in claim 1, wherein said assembly is attached to the exterior of said housing. 5. The combination as set forth in claim 1, wherein said solar cell assembly is constituted by an insulating card having a hole therein, through which is insertable, the threaded plug of the bulb, so that as the plug is screwed into its socket the card is then locked in place; and a baffle supported at an upright position on the card for carrying at least one solar cell at a position in close proximity to the bulb. 6. The combination as set forth in claim 5, wherein said baffle is provided with a pair of oppositely-inclined wings to carry a pair of solar cells on opposite sides of the bulb. 