An apparatus and method for providing a universal electronic locking system (UELS) which controls an actuating device for a lock is disclosed. The system is composed of two elements, a signal-transmitting unit and a signal-receiving unit. The signal-transmitting unit is envisioned, in one embodiment, as contained within a watch and powered by the power source of the watch so as to transmit an optical signal to the signal-receiving unit. The integrated circuit chip of the watch is expanded to include a programmable memory unit such that various codes may be entered in the watch and the codes may be changed at any interval desired by the operator. The digital display of the watch serves a dual purpose for displaying time and for entering key codes. The signal-receiving unit comprises a photodetector for receiving an optical signal from the signal-transmitting unit and contains a programmable memory unit which is responsive to each and all codes contained in the signal-transmitting unit. Upon changing the code signal in the signal-transmitting unit, the memory unit of the signal-receiving unit may be reprogrammed so as to be responsive to the newly encoded signal and allow the latching mechanism of the lock system to be operated. The UELS is contemplated for applications in the home, business, industry, recreation, defense and wherever locks and codes are used.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electronically actuated locking system comprising a signal transmitting unit contained within a watch and energized by the power source of said watch so as to transmit an encoded optical signal to a signal receiving unit; said signal transmitting unit comprising light emitting means, a first controller which actuates said light emitting means so as to trasmit said encoded signal through an optical port of said watch to said signal receiving unit, said first controller including a first programmable memory unit for storing data corresponding to a plurality of different encoded signals, and means for entering said data into said first memory unit, and said signal receiving unit comprising a photodetector for receiving said encoded signal, a processor which compares said received encoded signal to one or more of a plurality of different codes contained in a second programmable memory unit and means for deactivating a lock mechanism when said received encoded signal matches one of said codes contained in said second memory unit. 2. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein each of said plurality of different encoded signals can be transmitted to said signal receiving unit. 3. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein the data corresponding to each of said encoded signals stored in said first memory unit can be reset so as to provide different encoded signals for transmitting to said signal receiving unit. 4. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein said watch includes a digital time display which may be activated by said first controller so as to display the entry of a new code into said first memory unit. 5. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein said second memory unit is programmed to store a received signal only when a second controller is actuated. 6. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein said means for deactivating a lock mechanism is actuated only when a second controller is actuated. 7. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein said means for entering data corresponding to different encoded signals into said first memory unit comprises first and second control keys. 8. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 7, wherein said first memory unit is actuated to transmit data corresponding to an encoded signal stored therein, only when said second control key is actuated. 9. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein an optical filter is located in said signal receiving unit upstream of said photodetector so as to reject substantially all light except light in the emission band of said light emitting means. 10. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 9, further comprising an optical fiber link for transmitting said encoded signals from said signal transmitting unit to said signal receiving unit. 11. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein said light emitting means is made from crystalline aluminum gallium arsenide and is a solid state light emitting diode, a laser diode, or a super radiant diode. 12. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 11, wherein said aluminum gallium arsenide comprises a compound having the formula Al.sub.x Ga.sub.1-x As wherein x is from 0.0 to 0.4. 13. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein said photodetector is a silicon photodiode. 14. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein said light emitting means in said signal transmitting unit is protected by a lens so as to partially collimate said encoded optical signal. 15. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 14, wherein said light emitting means and said lens are positioned at the top end face of a wrist-worn watch. 16. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 7, wherein said first and second control keys are positioned on the front lower edge of a wrist-worn watch. 17. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein the photodetector is substantially recessed downstream of an optical window within mounting means in said signal receiving unit and the walls of said mounting means are covered with an optically absorbing material so as to exclude substantially all light except light in the emission band of the light emitting means. 18. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein said processor includes a time delay which is actuated after a predetermined number of received signals fail to match one of said codes contained in said second memory unit. 19. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein said lock mechanism is an electro-mechanical lock mechanism which is powered by a primary electrical system and a secondary, self-contained electrical system in case of failure of said primary system. 20. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein said lock mechanism can be actuated by both said encoded optical signal and a key. 21. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein said signal receiving unit is powered by a low voltage AC power supply. 22. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein said signal receiving unit is powered by a low voltage DC power supply. 23. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein said signal receiving unit is positioned in a door frame. 24. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein said lock mechanism is positioned in a movable door. 25. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 19, wherein said secondary electrical system is connected to an actuating means which energizes said secondary electrical system to deactivate said lock mechanism when said actuating means is activated. 26. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 25, wherein said actuating means is activated for a predetermined time period and is automatically deactivated thereafter. 27. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 25, wherein said actuating means is a door handle. 28. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 1, wherein said lock mechanism is powered by solar cells. 29. An electronically actuated locking system as defined in claim 28, wherein capacitive storage means is provided in said signal receiving unit so that said actuating means is operable in low light conditions. 30. A method of operating an electronic locking system including a signal-transmitting unit contained within a watch and energized by a power source of said watch so as to transmit an encoded optical signal to a signal-receiving unit, comprising the steps of: (a) entering and storing data corresponding to a plurality of encoded signals in a programmable memory unit of a signal-transmitting unit that is contained within a watch and energized by a power source of said watch; (b) emitting a light beam modulated with an encoded optical signal from said signal-transmitting unit in response to actuating a controller contained within said watch and energized by a power source of said watch; (c) receiving said encoded optical signal in said signal-receiving unit; (d) comparing said received encoded signal to one or more of a plurality of codes contained in a memory unit of said signal-receiving unit; and, (e) unlocking latching means when said received encoded signal matches one of said codes contained in said memory of said signal-receiving unit. 31. The method of claim 30, including converting said encoded signal into a digital bit stream and transmitting said encoded signal in a Frequency Shift Key format. 32. The method of claim 30, including programming said signal transmitting unit so that a plurality of different encoded signals can be transmitted by said signal-transmitting unit. 33. The method of claim 30, including programming said memory unit of said signal-receiving unit with a plurality of different codes which correspond to said plurality of different encoded signals. 34. The method of claim 30, including positioning an optical filter in said signal-receiving unit and thereby rejecting substantially all light except light of the encoded optical signal. 35. The method of claim 30, including providing a time delay means in said signal-receiving unit; and, actuating said time delay means after a predetermined number of received signals fail to match one of said plurality of different codes contained in a memory unit of said signal-receiving means. 36. The method of claim 30, including operating said latching means by an electromechanical device; providing a primary power supply for actuation of said electromechanical device; providing a secondary power supply for actuation of said electromechanical device; and, actuating said secondary power supply upon failure of said primary power supply. 