Disclosed is a pumping system utilizing pressurized air injected into a lift assembly submerged in oil fluids for lifting of these oil fluids from a well. The system includes a volume expansion chamber with a self-cleaning check valving assembly. The lift assembly being suspended in the well by highly efficient, corrosion resistant, production and air supply tubing. Pressurized lift air is supplied to the lift assembly through a photovoltaic solar powered programmable control device by a pressure regulated air compressor. The entire lift system being constructed of such light weight chemically resistant materials as to allow hand installation and retrieval thereby greatly improving low production well economics. The system process efficiency is such that one air supply compressor will provide lifting capacity for multiple producing wells also providing another advantage in shallow oil well economics.
Claims Having described my invention, I now claim: 1. A system for air lifting oil fluids from an oil producing formation which communicates with a well bore and a casing in said well bore, said system comprising: an inlet foot check valve and strainer assembly at the lower end of said of said system, said assembly permitting one way inflow and filtering of said oil fluids from said well bore and casing; an air lift check valve located directly above and in series communication with said assembly, said air lift check valve including a valve housing, a poppet, and a valve seat; a volume expansion chamber for receiving and holding said oil fluids to be air lifted, said expansion chamber having lower and upper ends, the lower end of said expansion chamber being in direct series communication with said air lift check valve; production tubing extending from a surface location to the upper end of said expansion chamber; said expansion chamber having a greater diameter than said check valves and said production tubing; an air lift supply line extending from surface equipment, for supplying pressurized lift air, to an inlet nozzle located in said air lift valve housing at a location above said poppet. 2. A system for lifting said oil fluids as defined in claim 1 wherein said nozzle performing contaminant cleaning of said air lift check valve poppet and seat. 3. A system for lifting said oil fluids as defined in claim 1 wherein said air lift supply line and said production tubing are of flexible lightweight, corrosion resistant, oxidation resistant and high flow efficient materials. 4. A system for lifting said oil fluids as defined in claim 1 wherein said expansion chamber is made of polyvinylchloride; further polyvinylchloride fittings connect said expansion chamber with said air lift valve, and said production tubing. 5. A system for lifting said oil fluids as defined in claim 1 wherein said airlift check valve and inlet foot check valve are comprised of corrosion resistant Navy Brass with stainless steel poppet and seat. 6. A system for lifting said oil fluids as defined in claim 1 whereby pressurized air is injected through said airlift supply line and inlet nozzle utilizing kinetic expansion of pressurized air and decrease of oil fluid specific gravity and hydrostatic fluid level as the lifting principle. 7. A system for lifting said oil fluids as defined in claim 1 whereby inflow of said fluids to said volume expansion chamber is accomplished by hydrostatic recharge. 8. A system for lifting said oil fluids as defined in claim 1 whereby said pressurized lift air is supplied through a self-contained, photovoltaic, solar powered, programmable control device. 9. A system for lifting said oil fluids as defined in claim 8 whereby said control device operates a low energy consumption pulse action valve. 10. A system for lifting said oil fluids as defined in claim 8 whereby said control device is further defined as containing a monitoring gage assembly for determining well production inflow and proper controller rate programming. 11. A system for lifting said oil fluids as defined in claim 8 whereby said control device contains a reserve battery power source with voltage level maintained in a fully charged state by a photovoltaic solar panel. 12. A system for lifting said oil fluids as defined in claim 8 whereby said control device is supplied with motive lift air by a pressure regulated air compressor. 13. A system for lifting said oil fluids as defined in claim 12 whereby said pressure regulated air compressor is capable of supplying multiple well operation due to the efficiency of said lift system and low air consumption rate. 