An electrical heating system for buildings is described in which the output voltage to a resistance heater is varied in accordance with outside temperature. The disclosure includes system means for compensating for solar radiation and wind effects. Also, night setback and morning start up are provided. The heat present on the interior of the building is provided in accordance with the building characteristics and without regard to interior temperatures.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electric heating control system for a building having a determined heat loss characteristic and a heating system including an electrical heater means for supplying variable amounts of heat to said building in accordance with predetermined power supplied to the electrical means, said control system comprising, in combination: first environmental condition sensing means for sensing the outdoor ambient temperature; first power control means, for controlling the operating power in response to the monitored first environmental condition; said first power control means having a calibrated response to maintain the output heat from said heater means constant during substantially constant environmental conditions outside said building; at least one second environmental condition sensing means for sensing a parameter selected from wind effect, solar radiation effect, other boundary layer disturbances or the combined effect of two or more thereof; second power control means including said outdoor temperature sensing element and connected to said first power control means for resetting said first power control means from one balanced level to another in response to changes in the outside environmental conditions as sensed by first and said second environmental condition sensing means variable power means coupled to said heater means and responding to changes from the balanced level of said first and second power control means to proportionally vary said heater means operating power and correspondingly the heat output of said heater means; voltage monitoring means responding to said changes in input voltage to said heater means for rebalancing to operate at another voltage level; and said heating system precalibrated in accordance with building heat loss characteristics and without using internal building temperature as a control parameter. 2. An electric heating control system as described in claim 1, wherein said first power control means is responsive to a first derived control signal. 3. An electric heating control system as described in claim 2, further comprising, in combination: a plurality of multifunction sensors arrayed on various sides of said building each having a signal output variable with the combined effect of outside temperature, wind, solar radiation and air leakage; first signal processor means for comparing, averaging, summing, and differentiating said signal outputs to derive said first power control means; and, second signal processor means for comparing, averaging, summing, and differentiating said signal outputs to derive said second power control means. 4. An electric heating control system as described in claim 2, wherein said first derived control signal is proportionate to the calculated building heat loss characteristic. 5. An electric heating control system as described in claim 1, wherein said second power control means is responsive to a second derived control signal. 6. An electric heating control system as described in claim 5, wherein said second derived control signal is in part a signal proportionate to the calculated building heat loss characteristic. 