A system for evaluating and measuring the performance of lithographic structures, and more particularly for monitoring the optical parameters of a projection lithography system which uses the instant electrical readout from an array of photosensitive detectors fabricated on a silicon wafer in combination with a computer for real-time characterization of lithographic devices and the evaluation of optical E-beam, ion-beam and X-ray parameters. The system includes a source radiation, such as a source of ultraviolet light, a projection mask which masks the illumination from the source. The illumination is then directed through a projection lens onto a semiconductor wafer mounted on an x-y stepping table. A standard digital data processor is provided to control the x-y drive mechanism for the stepping table. The computer also controls a Z drive mechanism for movement in a vertical direction. The semiconductor wafer contains a plurality of radiation detectors which are responsive to the radiation from the source. These detectors use a conventional power supply controlled by the computer, and employ an output signal means which obtains the radiation produced output signals from the detectors and applies them to the computer. The use of a unique mask with the radiation-sensitive detectors is employed in combination with compiling means for the purposes of evaluating image projection from a lithographic system, including the properties of intensity, modulation transfer function (MTF), focus and alignment.
Claims Having thus described our invention, what we claim as new, and desire to secure by Letters Patent is: 1. A system for real-time monitoring the characteristics of lithographic structures comprising lithographic projection means including a radiation source and radiation focussing means for projecting focussed radiation onto a desired plane, a plurality of radiation sensitive detectors arranged in a matrix on a silicon wafer disposed in said desired plane, said detector producing an electrical output signal in response to radiation thereon, means for sequentially changing the relative position between said silicon wafer and said radiation source and said focussing means in a direction parallel to said plane such that each one of said plurality of radiation sensitive detectors is separately disposed in sequence in the same location in the field of said projected radiation, and, means connected to each of said plurality of radiation sensitive detectors for recording the detected output signals produced by said radiation for each of said detectors when located at said same location in said radiation field for calibrating said radiation sensitive detectors. 2. A system according to claim 1 wherein said radiation is light, said lithographic projection means is a photolithographic means including a light source and light focussing means, and wherein said radiation sensitive detectors are photosensitive detectors. 3. A system according to claim 2 wherein said photosensitive detectors on said silicon wafer are ion implanted photovoltaic diodes sensitive to ultraviolet light. 4. A system according to claim 2 wherein each of said photosensitive detectors on said silicon wafer is a photovoltaic diode including ion implanted first conductivity type regions in said other conductivity type wafer to form a diode, a first layer of insulation over a said ion implanted region having openings therein to said implanted region, first and second layers of metal, said second layer of metal being disposed on said oxide and through said holes therein into contact with said ion implanted region, a second layer of insulation over said second layer of metal, and said first layer of metal being disposed over said second layer of oxide to provide a shield for said second conductivity type wafer. 5. A system according to claim 2 wherein said photosensitive detectors are films of photoconductive polysilicon deposited on said silicon wafer and responsive to ultraviolet light. 6. A system according to claim 2 wherein each of said photosensitive detectors on said silicon wafer is a photoconductor including a layer of insulation over said wafer, a layer of photoconductive polysilicon disposed on said layer of insulation, and at least one layer of metal disposed over the ends of said layer of photoconductive polysilicon and in contact with said layer of insulation. 7. A system according to claim 2 including means for recording the output signals of all of said photosensitive detectors in said focussed light radiation field at the same time for providing the intensity distribution of said light in said radiation field covering said detectors. 8. A system according to claim 7 further including a masking means disposed in the path of said focussed light radiation between said light radiation source and said matrix of photosensitive detectors on said silicon wafer, said masking means having linear apertures therein for allowing said light radiation to fall on only a selected portion of each of said photosensitive detectors as a line image, means for simultaneously recording the output signals from each of said detectors produced by said masked light radiation, means for sequentially changing the relative position of one of said wafer means and masking means with respect to said focussing means in a direction parallel to said desired plane for correspondingly displacing said line images across said detectors, said recording means recording the output signals of each of said detectors as a function of the relative displacement of said line images relative to said detectors, and, means for determining the intensity profile of said line image from said recorded light radiation signals. 9. A system according to claim 8 wherein said means for sequentially changing the relative position of one of said wafer means and masking means further includes means for changing the relative position of one of said masking means, said focussing means and said wafer means with respect to the other two of said means in a direction orthogonal to said desired plane and parallel to said light radiation, and wherein said recording means records the output signals of each of said detectors as a function of the change of relative position between said masking means focussing means and said detectors in said orthogonal direction, and, means for determining the characteristics of said lithographic projection light focussing means from said output signals from said detectors recorded for said displacements in said first and second directions. 10. A system according to claim 9 wherein said wafer means is translated in the x-y plane and wherein said focussing means is subsequently moved in the Z direction orthogonal to said x-y plane. 