A well pumping unit for use in association with an oil well, water well or the like having a downhole pump operated by a reciprocating pump rod with the pumping unit including a pair of large diameter rotatable wheels independently supported from upstanding supports on a deck, platform or skid with the wheels being interconnected by a pin to which a cable for operating the pump rod is attached. The cable is entrained over a series of pulleys and anchored to a supporting structure with one of the pulleys being a traveling pulley having a cable attached thereto extending over a head pulley and connected with the pump rod for reciprocating the pump rod when the wheels are rotated. The pin interconnecting the wheels is received in one of a plurality of radially spaced pairs of openings to enable the stroke of the pump to be varied by varying the radial position of the pin in relation to the rotational axis of the wheels. The wheels are driven by an electric motor with small pulleys and drive belts engaged with the large diameter wheels. A photovoltaic cell assembly may be used to charge batteries for storing electrical energy to drive the electric motor for powering the well pumping unit.
Claims What is claimed as new is as follows: 1. A pump operating unit for reciprocating a pump component operably connected to an output member of the pump operating unit which moves in a reciprocating manner, said pump operating unit comprising a large diameter wheel, a power unit having a small diameter output pulley, a belt encircling the small diameter pulley and large diameter wheel for driving the wheel at a slow rotational speed as compared to the rotational speed of the pulley, an actuating cable, means attaching one end of the cable eccentrically to the large diameter wheel, the other end of the cable being anchored and the intermediate portion of the cable passing over a plurality of pulleys, support means for the wheel, cable pulleys and anchor point for the cable, a traveling pulley engaging a portion of the cable, second cable means forming the output member connected to the traveling pulley and a head pulley supporting the second cable means. 2. The structure as defined in claim 1 wherein radially adjustable means interconnects the wheel and cable to vary the linear movement of the cable during rotation of the wheel. 3. The structure as defined in claim 1 together with a platform rotatably supporting the wheel in vertical position for rotation about a horizontal axis, upstanding support members forming supports for the cable pulleys and cable anchor point. 4. The structure as defined in claim 3 wherein said support members extend upwardly and laterally into overlying relation to a well with the cable means engaged by the traveling pulley extending over said head pulley and being aligned with the well and connected to a pump rod of a downhole pump. 5. The structure defined in claim 4 together with a second wheel of the same diameter as the first-mentioned wheel and supported in parallel facing relation thereto with the space between the wheels being unobstructed except for a transverse pin forming a connection between the two wheels with the end of the cable being attached to the pin. 6. The structure as defined in claim 5 wherein each of said wheels includes a radial spoke having a plurality of radially spaced apertures therein in which the pin may be mounted for varying the linear movement of the cable for each revolution of the wheels thereby varying the pump stroke. 7. The structure as defined in claim 6 wherein said power unit is in the form of an electric motor connected to batteries, and a solar powered photovoltaic cell assembly connected to the batteries for recharging the same. 8. The structure as defined in claim 7 wherein said support members include a depending tube rigid therewith, said pump rod including an adjustable sleeve telescoped over the depending sleeve, and a spring interposed between the sleeves to bias the pump rod downwardly on its return stroke. 9. The structure as defined in claim 8 wherein said wheels include a pin receiving aperture spaced diametrically from the point of attachment with the cable whereby the cable may be wound onto the diametrically opposed pins on the wheels to facilitate pulling of the pump rod and downhole pump. 10. A well pumping unit in which the well includes a downhole pump operated by a reciprocating rod extending above ground, said pumping unit including a supporting structure for positioning adjacent the well, a pair of spaced, grooved, large diameter wheels journaled from the supporting structure for rotation about a horizontal axis, a motor having an output shaft extending transversely of the periphery of the wheels with the shaft including pulleys thereon of smaller diameter than the wheels and disposed in alignment with the wheels, drive belts encircling the pulleys on the motor shaft and the grooved wheels for rotating the grooved wheels, an elongated cable having one end positioned between the wheels, a pin interconnecting the wheels and having one end of the cable connected thereto, said wheels including a plurality of radially spaced apertures for mounting the pin at different positions with respect to the axis of rotation of the wheels for varying the length of movement of the cable during rotation of the wheels, said pin constituting the only structure extending between the wheels to enable the cable to pass across the axis of rotation of the wheels during rotation thereof, said supporting structure including upstanding support members supporting a plurality of vertically and horizontally spaced pulleys over which the cable is entrained with the other end of the cable being anchored to the support members, a traveling pulley engaging the cable between its anchor point and one of the pulleys supported by the support members to maintain the cable taut during rotation of the wheels, a lift cable attached to the traveling pulley and being entrained over a head pulley in alignment with the pump rod and depending therefrom for connection with the pump rod with the positioning of the pulleys, anchor point, point of connection between the cable and wheels and the traveling pulley and head pulley enabling variation of the stroke and power transmitted to the pump rod. 11. The structure as defined in claim 10 whrein the plurality of vertically and horizontally spaced pulleys includes a first pulley oriented at an elevation generally in alignment with the lowermost periphery of the wheels, the portion of the cable engaging the traveling pulley extending from the traveling pulley in generally parallel relation with the lift cable extending in an opposite direction from the portions of the cable engaging the traveling pulley. 12. The structure as defined in claim 11 wherein each of said wheels includes a counterbalancing weight disposed diametrically opposite to the pin interconnecting the wheels. 13. The structure as defined in claim 12 wherein said support members include a depending tube rigid therewith receiving the lift cable, the pump rod including an adjustable sleeve telescoped over the depending sleeve, and a spring interposed between the sleeve and tube to bias the pump rod downwardly during its return stroke. 14. The structure as defined in claim 13 wherein said wheels include apertures oriented diametrically from the pin for receiving a second transverse pin on the opposite side of the axis of rotation to enable the cable to be wound onto the pins between the wheels for lifting the pump rod. 