A solar collector comprising a substantially hemispherical reflector a collecting arrangement supported above the reflector be pivotable about the center of curvature of the reflector, one end of said collecting arrangement being slidably supported on a part circular support pivotally mounted at one point to the reflector below the center of curvature of the reflector and slidably supported by said reflector at a second point spaced from said one point to be movable along a circular horizontally disposed path around said reflector, a first drive means provided to maintain the collecting arrangement at a declination corresponding to the declination of the sun and second drive means to cause rotation of said part circular support to maintain the inclination of the collecting arrangement in correspondence to the inclination of the sun.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar collector comprising a substantially hemispherical reflective concave surface, the diametric axis of said surface being inclined at an angle from the horizontal substantially equal to the angle of latitude of the location of the solar collector, said surface comprising a fixed lower portion and a rotatable upper portion, a drive for said upper portion for maintaining said surface substantially constantly directed towards the sun during its movement; a caustical conical concentrator located at the focus of said hemispherical reflective concave surface and having a concentrated second focus for radiation reflected onto its surface from said hemispherical reflective concave surface, a collector located at the second focus, said custical conical concentrator being mounted to rotate about a substantially North-South axis passing through said second focus and being driven by said drive for movement of said caustical conical concentrator around said lower portion in response to movement of said upper portion and for relative upward movement over said reflective concave surface with movement of the sun for deflection of incident solar radiation at said second focus. 2. A solar collector as claimed at claim 1 wherein the second focus is located at the centre of curvature of the reflective concave surface. 3. A solar collector as claimed at claim 1 wherein said caustical conical concentrator is rotatable about an East-West axis and further including a second drive for maintaining said caustical conical concentrator at said first focus as the sun varies its declination. 4. A solar collector as claimed at claim 1, wherein the caustical conical concentrator is associated with a concentrator positioned on the side of the second focus in opposed relation with the caustical conical concentrator and having as its focus the second focus. 5. A solar collector comprising a substantially hemispherical reflector, a collecting arrangement for receiving direct and reflected solar energy, supporting means supporting said collecting arrangement above said reflector for pivotal movement about the centre of curvature of said reflector, said supporting means including a semi-circular support, one end of said collecting arrangement being slidably supported on said semi-circular support, means for pivotably mounting said semi-circular support at one point below the centre of curvature of the reflector and for slidable movement upon said reflector at a second point spaced from said one point for movement along a circular, horizontally disposed path around said reflector, a first drive means for maintaining said collecting arrangement at a declination corresponding to the declination of the sun and second drive means for effecting rotation of said semi-circular support to maintain the inclination of the collecting arrangement in correspondence to the inclination of the sun. 6. A solar collector as claimed at claim 5 wherein said collecting arrangement comprises a linear collector located at the linear focus of said reflector. 7. A solar collector as claimed at claim 5 wherein said reflector comprises a fixed bowl having a horizontal upper edge and a shell defining a continuation of the surface of the bowl, means supporting said shell for rotation around the edge of the bowl about the centre of curvature of said bowl to permit variation in the direction faced by the open face of said reflector, said semi-circular support being fixed centrally to said shell and movable therewith, said shell being driven by said second drive. 8. A solar collector as claimed at claim 3 wherein latching means are provided between said semi-circular support and said shell for retaining said semi-circular support in a preset position relative to said shell, said latching means being disengageable from the shell to allow relative movement therebetween. 9. A solar collector as claimed at claim 5 wherein the collecting arrangement comprises a reflective caustical correction cone located at the focus of the hemisphere, said reflective caustical correction cone having a second focus located at the centre of curvature of said hemisphere and a collector located at the centre of curvature, said caustical correction cone being supported at said centre of curvature by a support structure. 10. A solar collector as claimed at claim 9 wherein said support structure supports a concentrator located to the side of the centre of curvature of the reflector in opposed relation to the caustical correction cone and has its focus located at the centre of curvature of said reflector and dimensioned to shadow said caustical correction cone from direct solar radiation. 11. A solar collector as claimed at claim 5 wherein the second drive comprises a two speed drive means capable of driving said semi-circular support in both directions in a slow controlled manner and capable of driving said semi-circular support rapidly in either direction. 12. A solar collector as claimed at claim 6 wherein said reflector comprises a fixed bowl having a horizontal upper edge and a shell defining a continuation of the surface of the bowl, means supporting said shell for rotation around the edge of the bowl about the centre of curvature of said bowl to permit variation in the direction faced by the open face of said reflector, said semi-circular support being fixed centrally to said shell and movable therewith, said shell being driven by said second drive. 13. A solar collector as claimed at claim 1 wherein latching means are provided between said semi-circular support and said shell for retaining said semi-circular support in a present position relative to said shell, said latching means being disengageable from the shell to allow relative movement therebetween. 14. A solar collector as claimed at claim 2 wherein latching means are provided between said semi-circular support and said shell for retaining said semi-circular support in a preset position relative to said shell, said latching means being disengageable from the shell to allow relative movement therebetween. 15. A solar collector as claimed at claim 14 wherein latching means are provided between said semi-circular support and said shell for retaining said semi-circular support in a preset position relative to said shell, said latching means being disengageable from the shell to allow relative movement therebetween. 16. A solar collector as claimed at claim 6 wherein the collecting arrangement comprises a reflective caustical correction cone located at the focus of the hemisphere, said reflective caustical correction cone having a second focus located at the centre of curvature and a collector located at the centre of curvature, said caustical correction cone being supported at said centre of curvature by a support structure. 17. A solar collector as claimed at claim 7 wherein the collecting arrangement comprises a reflective caustical correction cone located at the focus of the hemisphere, said reflective caustical correction cone having a second focus located at the centre of curvature and a collector located at the centre of curvature, said caustical correction cone being supported at said centre of curvature by a support structure. 18. A solar collector as claimed at claim 8 wherein the collecting arrangement comprises a reflective caustical correction cone located at the focus of the hemisphere, said reflective caustical correction cone having a second focus located at the centre of curvature and a collector located at the centre of curvature, said caustical correction cone being supported at said centre of curvature by a support structure. 19. A solar collector as claimed at claim 8 wherein the collecting arrangement comprises a reflective caustical correction cone located at the focus of the hemisphere, said reflective caustical correction cone having a second focus located at the centre of curvature and a collector located at the centre of curvature, said caustical correction cone being supported at said centre of curvature by a support structure. 