A controller for a tracking system which tracks the sun. The controller has a rotatable disc with a light transmitting portion and an opaque portion. The solar radiation, transmitted through the disc when rotating, falls on optically sensitive sensor detecting the light intensity. Two optical emitter/receiver pairs which are oriented with respect to two coordinate axes at the periphery of the disc detect the position of the light spot on it. The solar radiation is directed by the rotating disc to generate two signals which are related to the two coordinate axes and the tracking error of the tracking system. The signals energize motors in the tracking system whereby the sun is tracked.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A light sensitive device having a control apparatus for orienting said light sensitive device in relation to a source of light, said light sensitive device having an optical axis, said control apparatus being for directionally controlling said light sensitive device with respect to at least two coordinate axes, said at least two coordinate axes being disposed at an angle with respect to said optical axis, and in operation in relation to said light source, said control apparatus comprising: a rotatable disc having a first and a second side; means for rotating said disc about a portion of said disc, said rotating means being operatively connected to said disc; said portion about which said disc is rotatable being aligned with said optical axis of said device; means for providing an image of said light source, said image providing means being disposed to provide said image on said first side of said disc, said image providing means for providing in operation said image at a predetermined size on said disc; said disc being larger than said image provided in operation on said first side by said image providing means; said disc having a first substantially opaque portion about said portion about which said disc is rotatable; said disc having a light modifying portion extending at least partially outwardly on said disc from said first opaque portion; a second substantially opaque portion of said disc also at least partially extending outwardly from said first opaque portion of said disc; light sensitive means for generating an electrical signal when impinged upon by light; means for dividing said signal from said light sensitive means, when said disc is rotating, into coordinate displacement signals relating to displacement of said image from said optical axis with respect to said at least two coordinate axes; said light sensitive means being disposed to generate said signal from light related to light acting upon said light modifying portion of said disc; motive means for orienting said light sensitive device and said optical axis with respect to said at least two coordinate axes; and said signal dividing means being connected to said motive means to drive said device to dispose said image from said image providing means, in operation, onto said first opaque portion of said disc and substantially to orient said image about a predetermined portion of said first opaque portion of said disc including said portion about which said disc is rotatable. 2. The control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said light modifying portion of said disc comprises a light permeable slit in said disc extending radially from said first opaque portion of said disc. 3. The control apparatus according to claim 2 wherein said slit extends outwardly a predetermined amount to form said slit which has a predetermined length, said predetermined length being proportional to a predetermined angle of displacement, in operation, of said image from said portion of said disc about which said disc is rotatable. 4. The control apparatus according to claim 3 wherein said predetermined size of said image on said disc is a diameter of said image and wherein said predetermined length of said slit being substantially equal to said diameter of said image on said disc. 5. The control apparatus according to claim 1 including light diffusing means disposed adjacent to said second side of said disc, said light sensitive means also being disposed at said second side of said disc, said light diffusing means being disposed between said disc and said light sensitive means. 6. The control apparatus according to claim 3 wherein said coordinate dividing means has means for dividing said signal from said light sensitive means into a signal for controlling substantially vertical movement of said light sensitive device and for dividing said signal from said light sensitive means into a signal for controlling substantially horizontal movement of said light sensitive device. 7. The control apparatus according to claim 6 wherein said horizontal-vertical signal dividing means has means for dividing said signal from said light sensitive means into two signals which are displaced by 90.degree. one from the other. 8. The control apparatus according to claim 4 wherein said disc has a diameter being at least three times as great as said predetermined diameter of said image. 9. The control apparatus according to claim 7 wherein said signal dividing means includes two azimuthal slits disposed on said disc concentrically about said portion about which said disc is rotatable, said signal dividing means including optical signal generating means, said azimuthal slits being disposed to activate said optical signal generating means to generate signals for dividing said signals from said light sensitive means into said 90.degree. displaced signals. 10. The control apparatus according to claim 7 wherein said signal dividing means includes integrator means for integrating each of said two signals having components originating from said light sensitive means whereby said two signals are integrated over a plurality of cycles of said means for dividing said signal into two signals and thereby providing substantially noise free signals to said motive means. 11. The control apparatus according to claim 10 wherein said integrator means includes means for integrating said integrator means over a predetermining number of said cycles of said means for dividing said signal from said light sensitive means into said two signals which are displaced 90.degree.. 12. The control apparatus according to claim 1 wherein motive means comprises tracking motors, said signal dividing means comprises circuits having amplifiers and invertors which amplify and invert the signal from said light sensitive means and further said signal divides means comprises integrators for the two directions of the two-coordinate control according to the position of the image on the rotating disc; two sample and hold means, one means for each of said two coordinates; a comparator circuit for comparing signals corresponding to said two coordinates with reference signals; means for initializing said integrator means to accept a following signal cycle, sample and hold means being connected such that signals therefrom are compared in said comparator circuit, which comparator circuit determines the response threshold of the tracking motors and their directions of rotation; and said motive means including speed control means. 13. The control apparatus according to claim 12 wherein said light modifying portion of said disc comprises a light permeable slit in said disc extending radially from said first opaque portion of said disc. 14. The control apparatus according to claim 12 wherein said slit extends outwardly a predetermined amount to form said slit which has a predetermined length, said predetermined length being proportional to a predetermined angle of displacement, in operation, of said image from said portion of said disc about which said disc is rotatable. 15. The control apparatus according to claim 14 wherein said predetermined size of said image on said disc is a diameter of said image and wherein said predetermined length of said slit being substantially equal to said diameter of said image on said disc. 16. The control apparatus according to claim 12 including light diffusing means disposed adjacent to said second side of said disc, said light sensitive means also being disposed at said second side of said disc, said light diffusing means being disposed between said disc and said light sensitive means. 17. The control apparatus according to claim 14 wherein said coordinate dividing means has means for dividing said signal from said light sensitive means into a signal for controlling substantially vertical movement of said light sensitive device and for dividing said signal from said light sensitive means into a signal for controlling substantially horizontal movement of said light sensitive device. 18. The control apparatus according to claim 17 wherein said horizontal-vertical signal dividing means has means for dividing said signal from said light sensitive means into two signals which are displaced by 90.degree. one from the other. 19. A control apparatus for determining the orientation of a solar radiation receiver device for tracking a source of light which device can be directionally-controlled in at least two coordinate axes in relation to said light source moving relative to said receiver device and controlled in fixed spatial correspondence to the tracking device, said receiver device having an optical axis, the combination of: sensor means oriented to receive light from said source and including optical means for providing an image of the light source; a rotating control disc larger than the provided image of said light source which disc rotates about an axis, including a light-permeable admitting slit positioned on said disc and extending radially outward to a predetermined image excursion of said image of said light source on said disc and radially inward at least to the periphery of the image of the light source on said disc when the light source is centered on said disc; said sensor means having light sensitive means positioned said disc on a side of said disc opposite said image and responsive to light which penetrates said radial slit; said disc also including two concentric semi-circular light-permeable slits, each having a different radius; a pair of light transmitter/receivers respectively operative with the light through a different one of two said azimuthal slits for tracking said axes of said receiver device, said pairs of light transmitter/receivers being positioned such that one light transmitter/receiver pair is in the center one corresponding azimuthal slit when the second light transmitter/receiver pair is at the beginning of its corresponding azimuthal slit during operation; said fixed transmitter/receiver pairs, being initially adjusted by rotating their mounting around said optical axis such that the radial slit points in the direction of one of the coordinate axes when the first azimuthal transmitter/receiver pair is at the beginning of the corresponding azimuthal slit; and motor means, said motor means be operatively connected to said device for determining the speed and direction of rotation of said device according to the light variation sensed in terms of magnitude by said radial light sensitive means behind said radial slit, and in terms of direction of said coordinate axes of said transmitter/receiver pairs. 20. A control apparatus for tracking a device in relationship to a source of light which device can be directionally controlled in two coordinate axes in relation to said light source moving relative to said device and said control apparatus being in fixed spatial correspondence to said device and having its optical axis directed to said light source, said control apparatus comprising the combination of: (a) sensor means oriented to receive light from said source and including optical means for providing a centered image of the light source (b) onto an opaque rotating control disc perpendicular to said axis and being larger than the provided image of said light source and which disc rotates about its axis, including a light-permeable admitting slit extending radially outward to a predetermined maximum image excursion of said image of said light source on said disc and radially inward at least to the periphery of the centered image of the light source on said disc; (c) said sensor means having light sensitive means positioned next to said disc on a side of said disc opposite to said image side and responsive to light which penetrates said radial slit; (d) said disc also including two concentric semi-circular light-permeable slits, each having a different radius; (e) two light emitter/receiver pairs each operative with a different one of said two semi-circular azimuthal slits, said light emitter/receiver pairs being disposed in such a relationship to one another, that one light emitter/receiver pair is in the center of one corresponding azimuthal slit when the second light emitter/receiver pair is at the beginning of its corresponding azimuthal slit during operation; (f) the case of said sensor means together with said two light emitter/receiver-pairs which are fixed in the case being stationary but rotatable for initial adjustment around said optical axis such that the radial slit points in the direction of one of the coordinate axes when the first azimuthal receiver is at the beginning of the corresponding azimuthal slit; (g) motor means for said disc; and (h) motor means, said motor means being operatively connected to said tracking device for determining the speed and direction of rotation by said sensor means according to the light variation sensed in terms of magnitude by said radial light sensitive means behind said radial slit, and in terms of direction of said coordinate axes by said emitter/receivers. 21. A device for evaluation of the relative movement of a light source characterized by the combination of the features (a) to (g) of claim 20 and an electrical circuit receiving the signals from the light sensitive means (c) and the emitter/receiver pairs (f) for signal processing. 