A solar heat collector arrangement including at least one straight-tubing type solar heat collector and first and second frame members for supporting the straight-tubing type solar heat collector. A reflector mirror is provided for directing sunrays into the heat collector. The first frame member includes a round mount opening for receiving one end of the heat collector and the second frame member includes a semi-circular groove for receiving the other end of the heat collector. Resilient annuluses are mounted on each end of the heat collector for protecting the heat collector. The heat collector, the resilient annuluses and the reflector mirror are fitted one upon another into the opening in the first frame member and on the groove in the second frame member. A retainer is provided for holding the resilient annulus and the reflector mirror from above, the retainer is mounted for detachably connecting the heat collector relative to the first and second frame members.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar heat collector arrangement comprising: at least one straight-tubing type solar heat collector having a first end and a second end; a substantially resilient annulus fitted over the first end of the heat collector for protecting the heat collector; a substantially resilient cap fitted over the second end of the heat collector for protecting the heat collector; a first frame having a round mount opening for receiving the first end of the heat collector with the substantially resilient annulus fitted thereover; a second frame having a generally semi-circular groove for receiving the second end of the heat collector with the substantially resilient cap fitted thereover; a reflector mirror for directing sunrays onto said heat collector, said mirror having a first end and a second end fixed to a first stay and a second stay, respectively, said first and second stays each having an arcuate insert extending therefrom, the arcuate inserts of the first and second stays being rotatably received between said round mount opening of the first frame and said substantially resilient annulus and between said semi-circular groove of said second frame and said substantially resilient cap, respectively, to support the first and second stays and said reflector mirror angularly adjustably relative to said first and second frames; and a strap-like retainer selectively unfastened and fastened to said second frame for initially permitting manual adjustment of said solar heat collector and said reflector mirror relative to the frames and subsequently holding said substantially resilient cap from above to releasably clamp the arcuate insert to said second stay between the substantially resilient cap of the heat collector and the semi-circular groove of the second frame for preventing rotation of the reflector mirror relative to the frames. 2. A solar heat collector according to claim 1, wherein said first and second frames include a plurality of substantially round openings and substantially semi-circular grooves for mounting a plurality of heat collectors in side-by-side relationship. 3. A solar heat collector according to claim 1, wherein each of said resilient annulus and cap includes a flange portion formed on an exterior portion thereof. 4. A solar heat collector according to claim 3, wherein said flange portion of the resilient annulus positioned adjacent to said first frame prevents longitudinal movement of said heat collector. 5. A solar heat collector according to claim 3, wherein said flange portion of the resilient cap positioned adjacent to said second frame provides an engagement member for positioning said retainer. 