A high efficiency solar heating system comprising a plurality of hollow modular units each for receiving a thermal storage mass, the units being arranged in stacked relation in the exterior frame of a building, each of the units including a port for filling the unit with the mass, a collector region and a storage region, each region having inner and outer walls, the outer wall of the collector region being oriented for exposure to sunlight for heating the thermal storage mass; the storage region having an opening therein and the collector region having a corresponding opening, the openings being joined for communicating the thermal storage mass between the storage and collector regions by thermosiphoning; the collector region being disposed substantially below and in parallel relation to the storage region in the modular unit; and the inner wall of the collector region of each successive modular unit in the stacked relation extending over the outer wall of the storage region of the next lower modular unit in the stacked relation for reducing heat loss from the system. Various modifications and alternatives are disclosed for both heating and cooling applications.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A high efficiency solar heating system comprising: a plurality of hollow modular units each for receiving a liquid thermal storage mass, said units being arranged in stacked relation in an exterior frame of a building, each of said units including port means for filling said unit with said mass, a collector region and a storage region, each said region having inner and outer walls, the outer wall of said collector region being oriented for exposure to sunlight for heating said thermal storage mass; means for establishing a bi-laminar flow pattern of said liquid thermal storage mass between said storage and collector regions by thermosiphoning for simultaneous liquid flow of said thermal storage mass between said collector and storage regions; said collector region being disposed substantially below and in parallel relation to said storage region in said modular unit; the inner wall of the collector region of each successive modular unit in said stacked relation extending over the outer wall of the storage region of the next lower modular unit in said stacked relation for reducing heat loss from said system. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the inner wall of said storage region is disposed for radiating heat from said thermal storage mass to the interior of said building. 3. The system of claim 2 also including insulation means mounted between each adjacent outer wall of a said storage region and inner wall of said collector region for further reducing heat loss from said system. 4. The system of claim 3 wherein said modular unit also includes glazing means attached to outer wall of collector region. 5. The system of claim 4 wherein said walls of said storage and collector regions having substantially equal widths and said flow establishing means includes corresponding openings in said collector and storage regions for forming an integral throat free of separate return lines, said throat having a width substantially equal to the width of said walls of said storage and collector regions. 6. The system of any one of claims 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 wherein said storage and said collector regions are integrally formed. 7. The system of any one of claims 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 wherein said modular unit is seamless. 8. A solar heating and cooling unit for mounting in an exterior frame of a building comprising: a hollow module for receiving a liquid thermal storage mass; and port means into said module for filling said unit with said mass; said module including a collector region and a storage region, each said region having inner and outer walls, the outer wall of said collector region being oriented for exposure to sunlight for heating said thermal storage mass; and means for establishing a bi-laminar flow pattern of said liquid thermal storage mass between said storage and collector regions by thermosiphoning for simultaneous liquid flow of said thermal storage mass between said collector and storage regions. 9. The unit of claim 8 wherein the inner wall of said storage region is disposed for radiating heat from said thermal storage mass to the interior of said building. 10. The unit of claim 9 also including insulation means for reducing heat loss from the outer wall of said storage region. 11. The unit of claim 10 wherein said insulation means is a light transmitting material. 12. The unit of claim 11 wherein said unit is formed of a light transmitting material. 13. The unit of claim 12 wherein said light transmitting material is thermoplastic. 14. The unit of claim 8 wherein said unit is integrally molded. 15. The unit of claim 14 wherein said unit is seamless. 16. The unit of claim 8 wherein said flow establishing means includes an opening in the outer wall of said storage region, and a corresponding opening in the inner wall of said collector region, said openings being free of separate return lines and being joined for communicating said thermal storage mass between said storage and collector regions. 17. The unit of claim 8 wherein said walls of said storage and collector regions have substantially equal widths and the corresponding openings in said collector and storage regions form an integral throat having a width substantially equal to the width of said walls of said storage and collector regions. 18. The unit of claim 17 wherein said throat has a thickness substantially equal to the average thickness of said collector region. 19. The unit of claim 17 wherein said throat is thinner than the average thickness of said collector region. 20. The unit of claim 8 also including tensile means between the inner and outer walls of said collector region for maintaining the rigidity of said walls when said collector region is filled with said thermal storage mass. 21. The unit of claim 8 also including tensile means between the inner and outer walls of said storage region for maintaining the rigidity of said walls when said storage region is filled with said thermal storage mass. 22. The unit of claim 8 also including a fluid-tight chamber within said storage region for receiving a second thermal storage mass, said second thermal storage mass for absorbing heat from said thermal storage mass. 23. The unit of claim 22 wherein said chamber includes a plurality of separate horizontal tubes integrally formed in said storage region, each said tube including port means for filling said tube with said second thermal storage mass. 24. The unit of claim 23 wherein said second thermal storage mass is a phase change material. 25. The unit of claim 8 also including flange means for attaching the module to the frame of a building. 26. The unit of claim 8 also including glazing means attached to the outer wall of the collector region. 27. The unit of claim 26 wherein said glazing means includes a glazing panel and said outer wall of said collector region includes a raised edge on the perimeter thereof for supporting said glazing panel and for forming an air space between said outer wall and said glazing panel. 28. The unit of claim 8 wherein the inner wall of said storage region includes a decorative pattern integrally molded thereon. 29. The unit of claim 8 also including a conduit integrally formed through said storage region for transmitting water through said storage region and heating said water. 30. The unit of claim 27 also including insulation means for reducing heat loss from said outer wall of said storage region, and a cover member for protecting said insulation means, said cover being integral with said glazing panel. 31. The unit of claim 30 wherein said glazing panel includes a drain curb integrally molded therewith. 32. The unit of claim 31 wherein said glazing panel also includes a flashing edge integrally molded to said drain curb. 33. The unit of claim 32 wherein at least one of the outer wall and inner walls of said collector region is tinted for increasing the solar absorption by said collector region. 34. The unit of claims 32 or 33 wherein said thermal storage mass is water, and said mass includes a quantity of copper sulfate for increasing the solar absorption of said collector region. 35. The unit of claim 32 also including an intermediate tinted plastic transparent film layer disposed between said glazing panel and said outer wall of said collector region for increasing solar absorption of said collector region. 36. The unit of claim 35 wherein said thermal storage mass is tinted for enhancing solar absorption by said mass. 37. The unit of claim 34 also including a pair of transparent film layers disposed between said glazing panel and said outer wall of said collector region for reducing heat loss from said collector region. 38. The unit of claim 37 wherein said film layers include a plurality of convection suppression barriers disposed between said transparent film layers. 39. The unit of claim 38 wherein said film layers include an anti-reflective coating. 40. The unit of claim 39 wherein said film layers include a low-emissivity coating. 41. A modular cooling device for a building comprising: a thermal collection and storage tank mounted in the upper region within said building, said tank for receiving a liquid thermal storage mass, and being exposed to the interior of said building for collection and storage of heat from said interior; a heat dissipator joined to said tank, said dissipator being oriented above said tank and outside said building for receiving heated thermal storage mass from said tank by thermosiphoning, and for dissipating heat collected by said collection and storage tank into the atmosphere by radiation, said building including an insulation envelope, and said device including means for establishing a bi-laminar flow pattern of said liquid thermal storage mass between said tank and said dissipator, including an integral throat extending through said insulation envelope to said dissipator said throat being free of separate return lines. 42. The device of claim 41 wherein said tank, said throat and said dissipator are integral. 43. The device of claim 42 wherein said tank, said throat and said dissipator are seamless. 44. The unit of claim 8 also including pivot means for mounting said unit in said building frame for movement of said unit through a 180 degree angle between a first position wherein said outer wall of said collector region faces the exterior of said building and a second position wherein said outer wall of said collector region faces the interior of said building for seasonally reversing the direction of heat flow in said unit. 