A modular ventilation system powered by solar energy is disclosed for installation in trailers or other vehicles that have large storage compartments. The system essentially comprises a sectionalized cabinet that contains and supports fan motors, solar batteries, a voltage regulator and microprocessor; an air plenum having a lower air intake and an upper opening adapted for fluid connection with those sections of the cabinet that house fan motors; and a solar panel array that mounts in the horizontal top panel or roof of a trailer-vehicle.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A modular ventilation system for installation and use in conjunction with transporting goods susceptible to heat or moisture damage during transit, and comprising: (a) a horizontally sectionalized cabinet containing and supporting at least one fan motor, at least one solar battery and a voltage regulator; (b) an air plenum having a lower air intake and an upper opening adapted for fluid connection with sections of said cabinet which house each fan motor; and (c) a solar panel array adapted for mounting in the horizontal top panel of a storage compartment. 2. The modular ventilation system of claim 1, said cabinet containing and supporting a pair of fan motors spaced horizontally apart, said solar battery and voltage regulator being located intermediate said pair of fan motors. 3. The modular ventilation system of claim 1, said cabinet being divided into three sections, one section being horizontally intermediate the other two sections, said one section containing said solar battery and voltage regulator, each of said other two sections housing a fan motor and having an opening for fluid communication with the upper opening of said air plenum. 4. The modular ventilation system of claim 1, and a tray for supporting said solar panel array in the top panel of a storage compartment, said tray having a peripheral upper rim for supporting said panel array within a space directly below the upper plane of the top panel. 5. The modular ventilation system of claim 1, and a transparent protective panel overlying said solar panel array. 6. A wheeled vehicle or trailer for transporting goods susceptible to heat or moisture damage during transit and having an elongated storage compartment defined by a bed and front, side, rear and top panels; a sectionalized cabinet mounted to said front panel within said storage compartment; at least one fan motor mounted within one section of said cabinet; an air plenum mounted to the exterior surface of said front panel and having a lower air intake and an upper opening in fluid communication with said one section of said cabinet; and a solar panel array horizontally mounted in said top panel. 7. The wheeled vehicle or trailer of claim 6, louvered openings being formed in said rear panel for venting air from said storage compartment. 8. The wheeled vehicle or trailer of claim 7, louvered openings being formed in said side panels for venting air from said storage compartment. 9. The wheeled vehicle or trailer of claim 7 or 8, said louvered openings being adjustable to regulate airflow. 10. The wheeled vehicle or trailer of claim 8 or 9, the openings formed in said rear panel being below openings formed in said side panels. 11. The wheeled vehicle or trailer of claim 6, the lower air intake of said air plenum being located a substantial distance below the top panel of said vehicle to prevent the intake of exhaust fumes or other gases passing over the vehicle. 12. The wheeled vehicle or trailer of claim 6, and a tray supporting said solar panel array within a space directly below the upper plane of the top panel. 13. The wheeled vehicle or trailer of claim 6, and further comprising means for controlling fan motor operation including a thermostat and a pair of humidistat monitors for sensing dew point levels inside the storage compartment and ambient conditions outside said vehicle. 14. The wheeled vehicle or trailer of claim 6, said cabinet being divided into three sections, one section being horizontally intermediate the other two sections, said one section containing said solar battery and voltage regulator, each of said other two sections housing a fan motor and having an opening for fluid communication with the upper opening of said air plenum. 