A solar ray collecting device suitable for being loaded and employed in a spacecraft. The device is made of a cylindrical cover, a plurality of round solar ray collecting portions, the light-receiving surface of which is equal in size to said cylindrical cover in square measure, supporting arms for rotatably supporting said solar ray collecting portions respectively, and supporting poles supporting said supporting arms respectively at the tip end portion thereof and capable of rotating and moving up and down. The solar ray collecting portions being taken out from the upper portion of said cylindrical cover at the time of being employed and accommodated in said cylindrical cover at the time of not being employed.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar ray collecting device loaded and employed in a spacecraft comprising a cylindrical container, a plurality of round solar ray collecting portions each having a light-receiving surface, each of said light-receiving surfaces having a surface area substantially equal to the circular cross-sectional area of the cylindrical container, supporting arms for rotatably supporting each of said solar ray collecting portions, and supporting poles supporting each of said supporting arms, said supporting poles being rotatable to thereby rotate said supporting arms and the solar ray collecting portion supported on the respective supporting arm about the axis of the respective supporting pole, said supporting poles being longitudinally moveable to longitudinally extend and withdraw said supporting arms and the solar ray collecting portions supported on the respective supporting arm, whereby said solar ray collecting portions are movable into a non-deployed position in which the solar ray collecting portions are accommodated within said cylindrical container and a deployed position in which said solar ray collecting portions are disposed outside of said cylindrical container for collecting solar rays. 2. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1, wherein there are five of said solar ray collecting portions. 3. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1, wherein a lid means for opening and shutting said cylindrical container is provided on the upper end portion of said cylindrical container. 4. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 3, wherein said lid means comprises a plurality of lid members pivotably mounted on said cylindrical container. 5. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1, wherein said supporting arms each have a generally C-shaped configuration having two terminating end sections and a central section, and means on said end sections for rotatably supporting said round solar ray collecting portions for rotation about a diametrical axis. 6. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 5, further comprising means for mounting said supporting poles on the respective central section of said supporting arms. 7. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1, whereby all of said round solar ray collecting portions are disposed in overlying and aligned relationship when in said non-deployed position in said cylindrical container. 8. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1, wherein motor means are provided on each of said supporting arms for rotating the respective round solar ray collecting portions about an axis coinciding with a diametrical line passing through the center of the respective round solar ray collecting portions. 9. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1, wherein motor means are provided for each of said supporting poles for longitudinally extending and withdrawing the respective supporting pole. 10. A solar ray collecting device according to claim 1, wherein motor means are provided for each of said supporting poles for rotating each of said supporting poles about the axis of each respective supporting pole. 11. A solar ray collecting device loaded and employed in a spacecraft comprising a cylindrical container means, a plurality of round solar ray collecting portions each having a light-receiving surface, each of said light-receiving surfaces having a surface area substantially equal to the circular cross-sectional area of the cylindrical container means, supporting arms for rotatably supporting each of said solar ray collecting portions, said supporting arms each having a generally C-shaped configuration having two terminating end sections and a central section, rotatable support means on said end sections for rotatably supporting said round solar ray collecting portions for rotation about a diametrical axis, first motor means on said supporting arm for rotating said round solar ray collecting portions about said diametrical axis, supporting poles supporting each of said supporting arms, second motor means provided for each of said supporting poles for rotating each of said supporting poles about the axis of each respective supporting pole, said rotatable supporting poles thereby rotating said supporting arms and the solar ray collecting portion supported on the respective supporting arm about the axis of the respective supporting pole, third motor means provided for each of said supporting poles for longitudinally extending and withdrawing the respective supporting pole, said supporting poles being thereby longitudinally movable to longitudinally extend and withdraw said supporting arms and the solar ray collecting portions supported on the respective supporting arm, whereby said solar ray collecting portions are movable into a non-deployed position in which the solar ray collecting portions are accommodated within said cylindrical container means and a deployed position in which said solar ray collecting portions are disposed outside of said cylindrical container for collecting solar rays, said round solar ray collecting portions being disposed in overlying and aligned relationship when in said non-deployed position in said cylindrical container means, and lid means comprising a plurality of lid members pivotably mounted on said cylinder container means for opening said cylinder container means to provide for moving said solar ray portions into said deployed position and for closing said container means when said solar ray collecting portions have been moved into said non-deployed position within said cylindrical container means. 