An optical device for displaying a large, two dimensional image is shown which utilizes a beam splitter having four faces upon which are mounted photosensor arrays. The photosensor arrays are mounted in a mosaic-like pattern upon each face with the pattern on one face differing from the pattern on the remaining three faces. Through this arranngement, standard photosensor arrays may be used to build a device that is capable of displaying a large image with no limitation on image side due to limitations on photosensor size.
Claims We claim: 1. An optical device for displaying a two dimensional image, comprising: beam splitter means for receiving said image having at least four display surfaces for displaying said image upon each of said four surfaces; a plurality of photosensor means mounted in at least four mosaiclike patterns, in juxtaposition with said at least four surfaces; and each mosaiclike pattern juxtaposed with each surface having a different pattern from said remaining mosaiclike patterns. 2. An optical device, as claimed in claim 1, wherein said image upon each of said four surfaces is substantially identical. 3. An optical device, as claimed in claim 1, wherein said photosensor means are mounted directly upon said at least four surfaces. 4. An optical device, as claimed in claim 1, wherein said each mosaiclike pattern juxtaposed with each surface comprise a plurality of photosensor means mounted with the edge of each photosensor means separated from the edge of the next photosensor means and the corner of each photosensor means separated from the corner of the next photosensor means. 5. An optical device, as claimed in claim 1, wherein each of said plurality of photosensor means comprises a plurality of individual light sensor elements mounted within a surrounding housing mounting package with said individual light sensor elements closely spaced to one another, wherein said surrounding housing is prevented from interfering with said image by said separation of said photosensor means in each mosaiclike pattern. 6. An optical device, as claimed in claim 5, additionally comprising: said individual light sensor elements are charged coupled devices; said photosensor means are arrays of charged coupled devices; processing means; and means connecting said individual light sensor elements to said processing means. 7. An optical device, as claimed in claim 5, wherein said individual light sensor elements are charge injection devices. 8. An optical device, as claimed in claim 5, wherein said individual light sensor elements are photoconductive cells. 9. An optical device, as claimed in claim 5, wherein said individual light sensor elements are photovoltaic cells. 10. An optical device, as claimed in claim 5, wherein said surrounding housings that mount said individual light sensor elements mount said elements in a configuration having four or more flat sides. 11. An optical device, as claimed in claim 10, wherein said four or more flat sides form a square of light sensor elements and each square of light sensor elements is separated from the next square by a distance equal to length of one of said sides. 12. A device for displaying a two dimensional image, comprising: beam splitter means for receiving said image having a plurality of and at least four image display planes; a plurality of photosensor means mounted upon each of said plurality of image display planes; said plurality of photosensor means mounted upon each individual image display plane with each photosensor means forming a quadrilaterial mounted free of contact with the remaining quadrilaterally formed photosensor means mounted upon said same individual image display plane; and said quadrilaterally formed photosensor means mounted upon each image display plane having a different mosaiclike pattern from the other mosaiclike patterns on said other image display planes. 13. A device, as claimed in claim 12, wherein said plurality of photosensor means includes means for receiving a predetermined portion of said image and for producing a varied output signal dependent upon the intensity of said portion of said image received. 14. A device, as claimed in claim 12, wherein each of said plurality of photosensor means comprise a plurality of individual light sensor elements mounted within a surrounding housing with said individual light sensor element mounted in a closely spaced side-by-side and row-by-row configuration. 15. A device, as claimed in claim 14, wherein said individual light sensor elements are photovoltaic cells. 16. A device, as claimed in claim 14, wherein said individual light sensor elements are mounted in a square configuration. 17. A device, as claimed in claim 14, wherein said individual light sensor elements are charged coupled devices. 18. A device, as claimed in claim 14, wherein said individual light sensor elements are charge injection devices. 19. A device, as claimed in claim 14, wherein said individual light sensor elements are photoconductive cells. 20. A device, as claimed in claim 12, wherein said beam splitter comprises: a first block having a longitudinal length three times its height; a second block having a longitudinal length twice its height; a third block having a longitudinal length equal to its height; and each block having a partially reflective surface mounted at an angle to said longitudinal length to reflect said image toward at least four image display planes two of which are mounted in common upon one of said blocks. 21. A device, as claimed in claim 12, additionally comprising: processing means; means for connecting said plurality of photosensor means to said processing means; and display means connected to said processing means wherein said image received by said device and split to said plurality of image display planes is recombined by said processing means at said display means. 22. A device, as claimed in claim 12, wherein said plurality of photosensor means include means for receiving a predetermined portion of said image and for producing a high or low output signal depending upon the intensity of said portion or said image received. 23. A device, as claimed in claim 12, wherein said beam splitter comprises: a first block having a longitudinal length four times its height; a second block having a longitudinal length three times its height; a third block having a longitudinal length two times its length; a fourth block having a longitudinal length equal to its height; and each block having a reflective surface mounted at an angle to said longitudinal length to reflect said image toward four image display planes each formed upon one of said blocks. 24. A device, as claimed in claim 23, wherein said four image planes are all formed in parallel planes. 25. A device, as claimed in claim 23, additionally comprising; said image to be displayed is formed by radiological rays; a shield mounted upon said beam splitter to prevent said radiological rays from reaching said four image planes; and said four image planes formed in parallel to said radiological rays. 26. A device for displaying a large, two dimensional image, comprising: beam splitter means for receiving said image having a plurality of image display planes; a plurality of photosensor means mounted in juxtaposition with each of said plurality of image display planes; each of said plurality of photosensor means mounted in juxtaposition with an individual image display plane having active elements formed in a configuration of four equal sides; each photosensor means separately mounted from the other, in juxtaposition with said individual image plane, by a distance equal to one of said four sides. 