An integrated photoelectrolytic apparatus for catalyzing the photodecomposition of a liquid electrolyte, such as water, into its gaseous decomposition products includes a photovoltaic section bonded mechanically and electrically to one surface of a porous electronically conductive barrier section which is arranged to inhibit the evolution of decomposition products at its pore surfaces. A catalyst for the electrolytic evolution of a decomposition product is applied to the opposite surface of said barrier section so that when the bonded-together sections are wetted by an electrolyte and light is incident on the photovoltaic section, one decomposition product evolves at the exposed surface of the photovoltaic section while another decomposition product evolves at the catalytic surface of the barrier section.
Claims What is claimed as new and desired to be secured by Letters Patent of the United States is: 1. A photoelectrolysis method for decomposing a liquid electrolyte into a plurality of decomposition products, said method comprising the steps of A. forming a porous layer of an electronically conductive material having a relatively high over-potential for said decomposition products in an electrolytic cell; B. laminating a sheet-like porous photovoltaic unit having a total output voltage sufficient to electrolyze said electrolyte on one surface of said layer so that the two are connected together both mechanically and electrically as a panel; C. coating the opposite surface of said layer with a catalyst having a relatively low overpotential for one of said decomposition products in an electrolytic cell; D. immersing said panel in said liquid electrolyte; and E. illuminating said photovoltaic unit with light energy whereby said one of said decomposition products evolves at the coated surface of said layer and another decomposition product evolves at the illuminated surface of said photovoltaic unit, with the panel being a barrier that isolates said evolving products from one another. 2. The method defined in claim 1 and including the additional step of applying to the illuminated surface of said photovoltaic unit a thin transparent coat of a material that catalyzes said another decomposition product. 3. The method defined in claim 1 and including the additional steps of A. encapsulating said panel and electrolyte in an enclosure so that the panel divides the enclosure into two compartments, and B. conducting a said decomposition product from at least one of said compartments. 4. Integrated photoelectrolysis apparatus for catalyzing the photodecomposition of water into separate gas streams of hydrogen and oxygen, comprising: A. a porous electronically conductive barrier section having opposite surfaces; B. a plural layer photovoltaic section bonded mechanically and electrically to one surface of said barrier section; C. a catalyst on the opposite surface of said barrier section to promote the electrolytic evolution of one of said hydrogen and oxygen gases; D. an aqueous electrolyte permeating said barrier section; and E. inhibiting means in said barrier section for inhibiting the evolution and presence of said gases in the pores of said barrier section when said photovoltaic section is exposed to light, whereby said one of said gases evolves only at said opposite catalytic surface of said barrier section,and the other of said gases evolves only at the surface of said photovoltaic section. 5. The apparatus defined in claim 4 wherein said inhibiting means comprise insulating means on the surfaces of said barrier section pores for electrica11y insulating said barrier section from said electrolyte. 6. The apparatus defined in claim 4 wherein said inhibiting means comprise means for providing a higher over-potential for the evolution of said one of said gases at the interior surfaces of said barrier section pores than at said opposite catalytic surface of the barrier section. 7. The apparatus defined in claim 4 wherein said photovoltaic section is also porous and permeated with said electrolyte. 8. The apparatus defined in claim 4 wherein: A. said one of said gases is oxygen; and B. said catalyst comprises ruthenium oxide. 9. The apparatus defined in claim 4 wherein: A. said one of said gases is hydrogen; and B. said catalyst is selected from the group consisting of platinum, palladium, iridium, osmium, rhodium, ruthenium, and their alloys. 10. The apparatus defined in claim 4 and further including a transparent catalyst coating on the exposed surface of said photovoltaic layer to promote the electrolytic evolution of the other of said gases. 11. The apparatus defined in claim 10 wherein: A. said one of said gases is oxygen; and B. said transparent catalyst coating is selected from the group consisting of platinum, iridium, osmium, palladium, rhodium, ruthenium and their alloys. 12. The apparatus defined in claim 10 wherein: A. said one of said gases is hydrogen; and B. said transparent catalyst coating comprises ruthenium oxide. 13. The apparatus defined in claim 4 wherein said barrier section comprises a material selected from the group consisting of a valve metal and a nitride, carbide and boride of a valve metal. 14. The apparatus defined in claim 13 wherein said barrier section comprises titanium nitride. 15. The apparatus defined in claim 14 wherein said electrolyte comprises sulfuric acid or perchloric acid. 16. The apparatus defined in claim 4 and further including: A. a fluid-tight walled container for said sections, said container walls and said sections defining a first chamber in said container adjacent said photovoltaic section, and a second chamber in said container adjacent said barrier section; B. means for conducting fluid out of said first chamber; C. means for conducting fluid out of said second chamber; and D. means defining a light-transmitting area in the wall of said container opposite said photovoltaic section. 17. The apparatus defined in claim 16 wherein said sections and said container are flexible so that the apparatus can be rolled up into a compact package. 18. The apparatus defined in claim 17 wherein said barrier section comprises A. a sheet of fiberglass cloth; and B. a material selected from the group consisting of a valve metal and a nitride, carbide and boride of a valve metal coated on said cloth. 19. Photoelectrolysis apparatus for decomposing a liquid electrolyte into a plurality of separate streams of decomposition products comprising A. a generally fluid-tight enclosure; B. a sheet-like, porous, electronically conductive barrier layer having opposite surfaces; C. a sheet-like, porous, plural-layer photovoltaic section bonded mechanically and electrically to one surface of said barrier layer; D. a catalyst coating on the opposite surface of said barrier layer to promote the electrolytic evolution of one of said products at said opposite surface, said layer, section and coating forming a unitary laminated panel; E. means for mounting said panel in said enclosure so as to divide said enclosure into a first chamber contiguous to said photovoltaic section and a second chamber contiguous to said opposite coated surface of said barrier layer; F. means for introducing a liquid electrolyte into said enclosure so that it permeates said layer and section; G. means for preventing current flow from said barrier layer to the electrolyte in the pores of said barrier layer; and H. means for exposing said photovoltaic section to light whereby said one of said products evolves only in said second chamber, and the other of said products evolves only in said first chamber; and I. conduit means attached to said enclosure for conducting fluid from at least one of said chambers. 20. The apparatus defined in claim 19 wherein said preventing means comprise insulating means on the surfaces of said barrier section pores for electrically insulating said barrier section from said electrolyte. 21. The apparatus defined in claim 19 wherein said preventing means comprise means for providing a higher over-potential for the evolution of said one of said products at the surfaces of said barrier layer pores than at said opposite coated surface of the barrier layer. 22. The apparatus defined in claim 19 wherein said laminated structure and enclosure are flexible. 23. The apparatus defined in claim 19 and further including a second catalyst coating on the exposed surface of said photovoltaic section, said second coating being A. transparent, and B. promoting the evolution of said another decomposition product. 