A method and apparatus for controlling water temperature in a man-made pond includes means defining a closed loop raceway within the pond with at least a pump mounted to circulate the water in the raceway. At least a portion of the raceway is covered by a cover which will absorb heat and release a portion thereof into the water as it passes along the raceway below the cover. The pump is preferably arranged to draw cool water from the bottom of the raceway and eject it under the cover at the surface of the pond thereby assuring more uniform water temperature.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of controlling the temperature of water in a closed pond used for aquaculture/mariculture, said method comprising the steps of: defining a closed circuit raceway in a closed pond; mounting in said raceway at least one pump adapted to circulate water about the raceway; and placing a cover over at least a portion of said raceway creating a greenhouse effect to warm the water passing thereunder by solar heating. 2. A method according to claim 1 wherein said pump draws water from the bottom of the raceway and ejects it at its surface of the pond at the upstream end of said cover whereby the water passing under the cover will be heated to a substantially uniform temperature. 3. A method according to claim 1 further comprising the step of aerating said water. 4. An aquaculture/mariculture system comprising: means forming an impoundment for holding a volume of water; means disposed in said impoundment and defining a closed circuit raceway within said impoundment; means mounted in said impoundment to circulate water about said raceway; and means covering at least a portion of said raceway forming a greenhouse whereby solar heat is collected and transferred to said water passing thereunder to raise the temperature of the water to a controlled level. 5. A system according to claim 4 wherein said impoundment defines a regular geometric shape. 6. A system according to claim 4 wherein said means to circulate water comprises at least one air lift pump adapted to aerate the water as it is circulated. 7. A system according to claim 4 wherein said means to circulate water is adapted to draw cool water from the bottom of said raceway and eject it at the surface of the pool upstream of said cover whereby the water will be heated and circulated to a substantially uniform temperature in the pool. 8. An aquaculture/mariculture system comprising: means defining a closed pool of water with substantially uniform depth; means to circulate water in said pool; and cover means overlying not more than half the surface of the pool and being closely spaced from the surface of the water whereby solar heat is collected and transferred to said water by day and radiant heat loss is reduced at night to keep the water at a fairly uniform temperature. 9. The system according to claim 8 wherein said means defining a closed pool of water comprises a plurality of intersecting dikes defining a rectangular pool. 10. The system according to claim 8 further comprising impervious means lining said pool to prevent leakage of water from the pool and leaching of material from formations around the pool. 11. The system according to claim 8 wherein said pool is approximately four feet deep with a substantially flat bottom. 12. The system according to claim 8 wherein said means to circulate water further comprises means defining a closed loop raceway in said pool, said cover means overlying a portion of said raceway. 13. The system according to claim 8 wherein said means to circulate water includes means to aerate said water. 14. The system according to claim 8 wherein said means to circulate water is an air lift pump. 15. The system according to claim 8 wherein said means to circulate water circulates the water about said pool as well as from bottom to top of the water. 16. The system according to claim 8 wherein at least one means to circulate water is adjacent an entry end of said cover means whereby cool water is circulated to the surface of the water to be heated as it passes under the cover. 17. The system according to claim 8 wherein said cover means is cantilevered. 18. The system according to claim 8 further comprising means supporting said cover means. 