A thin film photovoltaic module has transparent electrodes on front and back surfaces of a semiconductive layer. In one embodiment, both transparent electrodes pass light to the semiconductive layer for photovoltaic purposes. In another embodiment, the back electrode passes light which enters through the front electrode and is not absorbed by the semiconductive layer, so that the module is selectively transparent to the unabsorbed light. The spectral makeup of the transmitted light is controlled by controlling the optical characteristics of the layers of the module. The index of refraction of the back electrode is a primary source of transmission control, along with the refractive index of the front electrode and the thickness of the semiconductive layer itself. Light transmitted by the module can be used for nonphotovoltaic purposes, such as illuminating the interior of a vehicle or dwelling, or may be directed back into the semiconductive layer by a reflective surface behind the back electrode.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic module comprising: a thin film semiconductive layer containing at least one photovoltaic region and having front and back oppositely directed major surfaces; a transparent front electrode which provides electrical connection to the front surface of the semiconductive layer and transmits incident solar radiation to the semiconductive layer over a preselected spectrum; and a transparent back electrode which provides electrical connection to the back surface of the semiconductive layer and optically couples the semiconductive layer to the atmosphere to permit transmission by the module of at least a portion of the incident radiation not absorbed by the semiconductive layer; the back electrode comprising zinc oxide. 2. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 which further comprises: means for causing solar radiation to impinge upon both of said electrodes. 3. The photovoltaic module of claim 2 which further comprises: means for mounting the module so that solar radiation impinges directly on one of said surfaces; and means for reflecting solar radiation onto the other of said surfaces. 4. The photovoltaic module of claim 3 wherein: the reflecting means is a reflective ground surface beneath the module. 5. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 wherein: the front electrode is fabricated to attenuate transmission of infrared radiation by the module. 6. The photovoltaic module of claim 5 wherein: the front electrode comprises a layer of indium tin oxide. 7. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 wherein: at least one of said electrodes comprises a layer of a transparent conductive oxide containing a preselected concentration of an additive to control the conductivity and index of refraction of the layer. 8. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 wherein: the back electrode is fabricated to maximize transmission of radiation. 9. The photovoltaic module of claim 8 wherein: the back electrode comprises a layer having an index of refraction of at least approximately 1.7 over the solar spectrum. 10. The photovoltaic module of claim 9 wherein: the back electrode comprises a layer having an extinction coefficient less than approximately 0.05 over the wavelength range of infrared radiation. 11. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 wherein: the front electrode, the semiconductive layer and the back electrode are fabricated to enhance transmission of radiation by the module. 12. The photovoltaic module of claim 11 wherein: the semiconductive layer is a thin film silicon-based layer between 1000 and 10,000 angstroms in thickness. 13. The photovoltaic module of claim 12 wherein: the semiconductive layer is approximately 3,500 angstroms thick. 14. The photovoltaic module of claim 12 wherein: the semiconductive layer comprises thin film regions of p-type and n-type conductivity on opposite sides of a substantially intrinsic photoconductive region; and both the p-type and the n-type regions are window layers fabricated to transmit radiation within a preselected spectrum to which the photovoltaic region is sensitive. 15. The photovoltaic module of claim 14 wherein: both the p-type and the n-type regions have band gaps of at least 1.85 electron volts. 16. A photovoltaic module comprising: a thin film semiconductive layer containing at least one photovoltaic region and having front and back oppositely directed major surfaces; a transparent front electrode which provides electrical connection to the front surface of the semiconductive layer and transmits incident solar radiation to the semiconductive layer over a preselected spectrum; and a transparent back electrode which provides electrical connection to the back surface of the semiconductive layer and optically couples the semiconductive layer to the atmosphere to permit transmission by the module of at least a portion of the incident radiation not absorbed by the semiconductive layer; at least one of said electrodes comprising a layer of a high reflectance metal and a layer of metal oxide, the high reflectance metal layer being directly adjacent to the semiconductive layer. 17. The photovoltaic module of claim 16 wherein: the metal layer is approximately 50 to 200 angstroms thick; and the metal oxide layer is approximately 400 to 1000 angstroms thick. 18. The photovoltaic module of claim 16 wherein: the metal oxide layer has an index of refraction less than 1.7 for infrared radiation. 19. The photovoltaic module of claim 16 wherein: the metal oxide layer has an index of refraction greater than 1.7 for infrared radiation. 20. The photovoltaic module of claim 16 wherein: said at least one electrode means comprises an even number of layers alternating between a high reflectance metal and a metal oxide, with one of the high reflectance metal layers being directly adjacent to the semiconductive layer. 21. A photovoltaic module comprising: a thin film semiconductive layer containing at least one photovoltaic region and having front and back oppositely directed major surfaces; a transparent front electrode which provides electrical connection to the front surface of the semiconductive layer and transmits incident solar radiation to the semiconductive layer over a preselected spectrum; and a transparent back electrode which provides electrical connection to the back surface of the semiconductive layer and optically couples the semiconductive layer to the atmosphere to permit transmission by the module of at least a portion of the incident radiation not absorbed by the semiconductive layer; at least one of said electrodes comprising a thin film composite layer having, in order: a first transparent conductive oxide layer in electrical contact with the semiconductive film; a first barrier layer no more than 100 angstroms thick; a central metallic layer; a second barrier layer no more than 100 angstroms thick; and a second transparent conductive layer. 22. The photovoltaic module of claim 21 wherein: the first and second transparent conductive oxide layers comprise ZnO; and the barrier layers comprise TiO.sub.2. 23. The photovoltaic module of claim 22 wherein: the ZnO layers are between 500 and 1500 angstroms thick; and the TiO.sub.2 layers are approximately 50 angstroms thick. 24. The photovoltaic module of claim 22 wherein: the metallic layer comprises Ag. 25. A photovoltaic module comprising: a thin film semiconductive layer containing at least one photovoltaic region and having front and back oppositely directed major surfaces; a transparent front electrode which provides electrical connection to the front surface of the semiconductive layer and transmits incident solar radiation to the semiconductive layer over a preselected spectrum; and a transparent back electrode which provides electrical connection to the back surface of the semiconductive layer and optically couples the semiconductive layer to the atmosphere to permit transmission by the module of at least a portion of the incident radiation not absorbed by the semiconductive layer; at least one of said electrodes including a stack of layers comprising, in order: a first transparent conductive oxide layer in electrical contact with the semiconductive film; a central layer of an oxide having a refractive index of at least 2.0; and a second transparent conductive layer. 26. The photovoltaic module of claim 25 wherein: the first and second transparent conductive oxide layers comprise ITO; and the central layer comprises TiO.sub.2. 27. Combined photovoltaic and solar thermal apparatus comprising: a photovoltaic module having: a thin film semiconductor layer containing at least one photovoltaic region and having front and back oppositely directed major surfaces; a transparent front electrode which provides electrical connection to the front surface of the semiconductive layer and transmits incident solar radiation to the semiconductive layer over a preselected spectrum; and a transparent back electrode which provides electrical connection to the back surface of the semiconductive layer and optically couples the semiconductive layer to the atmosphere to permit transmission by the module of at least a portion of the radiation not absorbed by the semiconductive layer; at least one of said electrodes comprising zinc oxide; and solar thermal apparatus positioned behind the photovoltaic module and spaced therefrom to absorb infrared radiation passed by the photovoltaic module. 28. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein: said at least one electrode has an index of refraction of at least approximately 1.7 over the solar spectrum. 29. The apparatus of claim 28 wherein: said at least one electrode has an extinction coefficient less than approximately 0.05 over the wavelength range of infrared radiation. 30. The apparatus of claim 29 wherein: both of said electrodes comprise zinc oxide. 31. A structure comprising: a plurality of walls defining an interior volume; at least one opening in said walls; and a photovoltaic module over the opening comprising: a thin film semiconductive layer containing at least one photovoltaic region and having front and back oppositely directed major surfaces; a transparent front electrode which provides electrical connection to the front surface of the semiconductive layer and transmits incident solar radiation to the semiconductive layer over a preselected spectrum; and a transparent back electrode which provides electrical connection to the back surface of the semiconductive layer and optically couples the semiconductive layer to the atmosphere to permit transmission by the module of at least a portion of the radiation not absorbed by the semiconductive layer; one of said electrodes comprising zinc oxide. 32. The structure of claim 31 wherein: the other of said electrodes is fabricated to attenuate transmission of infrared radiation by the module. 33. the structure of claim 32 wherein: the thin film semiconductive layer comprises an amorphous silicon-containing layer; said other electrode comprises tin oxide. 34. The structure of claim 32 wherein: the structure is an automobile having a sunroof; the opening in said walls is closed by the sunroof; and the photovoltaic module is disposed within the sunroof to convert incident radiation falling within a first portion of the solar spectrum to electricity and transmit visible light radiation falling within a second portion of the solar spectrum to the interior of the automobile. 35. The structure of claim 32 wherein: the structure is a vessel for navigation on water and has a hatch cover; the opening in said walls is closed by the hatch cover; and the photovoltaic module is disposed within the hatch cover to convert incident radiation falling within a first portion of the solar spectrum to electricity and transmit visible light radiation falling within a second portion of the solar spectrum to the interior of the vessel. 36. The structure of claim 32 wherein: the structure is a building; the opening in the walls is a window opening; and the photovoltaic module is disposed within the window opening to convert incident light falling within a first portion of the solar spectrum to electricity and act as a window to transmit radiation falling within a second portion of the solar spectrum to the interior of the building. 37. In the manufacture of photovoltaic modules having a thin film semiconductive layer containing at least one photovoltaic region and having front and back oppositely directed major surfaces; a transparent front electrode which provides electrical connection to the front surface of the semiconductive layer and transmits incident solar radiation to the semiconductive layer over a preselected spectrum; and a transparent back electrode which establishes electrical connection to the back surface of the semiconductive layer and optically couples the semiconductive layer to the atmosphere to permit transmission by the module of at least a portion of the radiation not absorbed by the semiconductive layer; the method of controlling the transmission of radiation by the module comprising the steps of: fabricating one of said electrodes of zinc oxide having an index of refraction greater than 1.7 for infrared radiation. 38. The method of claim 37 wherein: transmission of visible light radiation by the module is controlled by controlling the index of refraction, extinction coefficient, transparency and the thickness of the electrodes. 39. The method of claim 38 wherein: the transmission of visible light radiation is further controlled by including additives in the material of one of the electrodes to increase its conductivity and reduce its index of refraction. 40. A method of utilizing a thin film photovoltaic module to filter solar radiation entering a structure having a plurality of walls defining an interior volume, comprising the steps of: providing the photovoltaic module with a transparent front electrode at a radiation-incident side of the module and a transparent back electrode containing zinc oxide at an opposite side of the module; and positioning the module over an opening in said walls to convert radiation within a first portion of the spectrum of incident solar radiation into electricity and pass radiation within a second portion of said spectrum to the interior of the structure for nonphotovoltaic use. 