A solar generator in the shape of a dome segment is disclosed. The generator utilizes an inner dome-shaped support structure nested inside a slightly larger output dome-shaped space frame. The space frame is adapted for rotation at a fixed angular velocity about the inner support dome. The space frame carries a plurality of prewired identical solar cell panels mounted on flat support planes, which are positioned at three preferred angles relative to the horizon. These angles are 60.degree., 45.degree., and 30.degree. respectively from the lowest to the highest solar cell mounting locations on the space frame. The support frame is protected from "shadowing" in both vertical and horizontal planes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A dome shaped solar generator structure having flat solar cells generally facing upwardly toward the sun and extending radially upwardly and also radially around an inner dome, with said structure rotatable about the inner dome axis to follow the sun's movements, said shape and rotational velocity of said structure contributing to the possibility of horizontal and vertical shadowing on said solar cells, said generator structure comprising: a plurality of flat upwardly faced surfaces fixed at a plurality of predetermined angular amounts, with each angular amount selected to capture the sun's energy at different daily sun periods; and means offsetting the solar cell mounting locations on said surfaces in two directions to minimize horizontal and vertical shadowing between adjacent cell mounting locations. 2. A solar generator in accordance with claim 1 and further comprising: means for rotating said dome-shaped support structure at a constant angular velocity to essentially follow the sun's movement. 3. A solar generator in accordance with claim 1 and further comprising: means for ramping at least some radially upward and adjacent solar cell mounting locations in at least one of said surfaces at one of said predetermined angular amounts. 4. A solar generator in accordance with claim 1 and wherein said predetermined angular amounts further comprise: a first angular amount near said base of said dome selected at about sixty degrees relative to the horizon. 5. A solar generator in accordance with claim 4 and further wherein: a second angular amount is radially located above said first amount and is at an angle of about forty-five degrees relative to the horizon. 6. A solar generator in accordance with claim 5 and further wherein: a third angular amount is radially located above said second angular amount and is at an angle of about thirty degrees relative to the horizon. 7. A solar generator in accordance with claim 1 and wherein said plurality of predetermined angular amounts are further characterized in that: said angular amounts vary radially upwardly from about the base of the dome towards the apex thereof and comprise angular amounts varying from each other by a fixed amount of degrees. 8. A solar generator in accordance with claim 7 and further wherein: said angular amount of variation is about fifteen degrees and said plurality comprise three angular amounts of about sixty, forty-five, and thirty degrees measured respectively from the base location toward said apex location. 9. A solar generator in accordance with claim 1 and further comprising: flat solar panels having a standardized size and prewired with voltage generator circuitry; and said surfaces having dimensions adapted to receive integral numbers of said standardized solar cell panels. 10. A method of capturing solar energy from the sun, said method comprising the steps of: erecting an inner dome-shaped structure as a base around which an outer; dome-shaped segment shall rotate; facing a plurality of upwardly-directed solar cells on surfaces fixed at a plurality of predetermined angular amounts on said outer segment, with each angular amount selected to capture the sun's energy at different daily sun periods; and offsetting the solar cell locations on said surfaces in two directions to minimize horizontal and vertical shadowing between adjacent cell mounting locations. 11. A method in accordance with claim 10 and further comprising the step of: rotating said outer dome-shaped segment support structure at a constant angular velocity to essentially follow the sun's movement. 12. A method in accordance with claim 10 and further comprising the step of: ramping at least some radially upward and adjacent solar cell mounting locations in at least one of said surfaces at one of said predetermined angular amounts. 