A mounting means for a semiconductor integrated circuit, the mounting means comprising a semiconductor material having a mounting surface as one major surface thereof, a semiconductor integrated circuit mounted on the major surface of the semiconductor material, and means for electrically connecting the integrated circuit to the semiconductor material. The mounting means has a coefficient of thermal expansion similar to the semiconductor integrated circuit mounted thereon.
Claims I claim: 1. A mounting means for supporting a semiconductor integrated circuit comprising: a substrate of semiconductive material, having a surface for directly supporting a semiconductor integrated circuit, wherein the semiconductive material of the substrate and the semiconductor integrated circuit have substantially similar thermal expansion properties and may be processed in a substantially similar way to fabricate electrical elements therein, an electrical element in the substrate, which element is selected from the group of elements consisting of active elements and passive elements, a selected region in the substrate having an impurity concentration higher than the impurity concentration in the remainder of the substrate so that the selected region of higher impurity concentration is a portion of the electrical element, and means for electrically coupling the integrated circuit to the region of the substrate of higher impurity concentration. 2. A mounting means as set forth in claim 1 wherein the electrical element is a field effect transistor. 3. A mounting means as set forth in claim 1 wherein the integrated circuit and substrate are encapsulated in a package and the selected region of higher impurity concentration couples the integrated circuit to a conductive lead of the package. 4. A mounting means as set forth in claim 1 wherein the means for electrically coupling the integrated circuit to the region of the substrate of higher impurity concentration is selected from the group of coupling means consisting of wire bonding, "flip-chip" bump bonding and tape automated bonding (TAB). 5. A mounting means for an integrated circuit comprising a supporting surface of a semiconductor material substantially similar to the semiconductor material from which the integrated circuit is fabricated with respect to their thermal expansion properties and the processes that may be used to fabricate electrical elements therein, and upon which the integrated circuit is to be directly mounted, and wherein the surface has fabricated therein an electrical element by selective doping of the supporting surface material; and means for electrically coupling the integrated circuit to the mounting means. 6. A mounting means as set forth in claim 5 wherein the integrated circuit and the supporting surface are both fabricated from monocrystalline silicon. 7. A mounting means as set forth in claim 6 wherein the electrical element is a bipolar transistor. 8. A mounting means as set forth in claim 6 wherein the electrical element is a field-effect transistor. 9. A mounting means as set forth in claim 5 wherein the electrical element is a transistor. 10. A mounting means as set forth in claim 9 wherein the transistor is a bipolar transistor. 11. A mounting means as set forth in claim 9 wherein the transistor is a field effect transistor. 12. A mounting means as set forth in claim 5 wherein the electrical element is a solar collector and the solar collector provides voltage to the integrated circuit 13. A mounting means as set forth in claim 5 wherein the surface has fabricated therein an electrical circuit. 14. A mounting means as set forth in claim 13 wherein the electrical circuit provides an input to the integrated circuit. 15. A mounting means as set forth in claim 13 wherein the electrical circuit accepts an output signal from the integrated circuit. 16. A mounting means as set forth in claim 5 wherein the electrical element is selected from the group of electrical elements consisting of active and passive elements, and comprises a conductor. 17. A mounting means as set forth in claim 5 wherein the means for electrically coupling the integrated circuit to the electrical element fabricated by selective doping of the supporting surface material is selected from the group of coupling means consisting of wire bonding, "flip-chip" bump bonding and tape automated bonding (TAB). 18. A mounting means for supporting a semiconductor integrated circuit in a substantially planar orientration comprising: a substrate of semiconductive material, having a surface for directly supporting a semiconductor integrated circuit, wherein the semiconductive material of the substrate and the semiconductor integrated circuit have substantially similar thermal expansion properties and may be processed in a substantially similar way to fabricate electrical elements therein, a selected region in the substrate having an impurity concentration higher than the impurity concentration in the remainder of the substrate so that the selected region of higher impurity concentration is electrically conductive relative to the remainder of the substrate, said selective region of higher impurity concentration residing beyond the area of semiconductive substrate upon which the integrated circuit is to be mounted, and means for electrically coupling the integrated circuit to the region of the substrate of higher impurity concentration. 19. A mounting means for supporting a semiconductor integrated circuit comprising: a substrate of silicon, having a surface for directly supporting a silicon integrated circuit, wherein the silicon of the substrate and the silicon integrated circuit have substantially similar thermal expansion properties and may be processed in a substantially similar way to fabricate electrical elements therein, a selected region in the substrate having an impurity concentration higher than the impurity concentration in the remainder of the substrate so that the selected region of higher impurity concentration is electrically conductive relative to the remainder of the substrate, and a plurality of wire bond pads for electrically coupling the integrated circuit to the region of the substrate of higher impurity concentration. 20. An integrated circuit assembly comprising: a mounting surface for supporting a semiconductor integrated circuit comprising: a substrate of semiconductive material, having a support surface for directly supporting a semiconductor integrated circuit, wherein the semiconductive material of the substrate and the semiconductor integrated circuit have substantially similar thermal expansion properties and may be processed in a substantially similar way to fabricate electrical elements therein, an electrical element in the substrate, which element is selected from the group of elements consisting of active elements and passive elements, and a selected region in the substrate having an impurity concentration higher than the impurity concentration in the remainder of the substrate so that the selected region of higher impurity concentration is a portion of the electrical element, a plurality of semiconductor integrated circuits mounted on the region of the substrate of higher impurity concentration; and means for electrically coupling the integrated circuits to the region of the substrate of higher impurity concentration. 21. An integrated circuit assembly as set forth in claim 20 wherein the means for electrically coupling the plurality of integrated circuits to the region of the substrate of higher impurity concentration is selected from the group of coupling means consisting of wire bonding, "flip-chip" bump bonding and tape automated bonding (TAB). 