The present invention provides a completely self-contained intraoral larynx comprising a power source, tongue activated controls, power saving signal generation circuitry, acoustic and audio amplifiers, and an intra-oral speaker. These components are contained within an otherwise conventional denture or dental prosthesis. The device produces a high amplitude sound while minimizing current drain from the power source. Laryngectomized patients require only short term training by a speech pathologist to use this device. Intelligible speech is usual within an hour of such training, and facility rapidly improves. The psychological barriers, post-operative physical limitations, aesthetic concerns and limited gestural communication traditionally associated with the use of extra-oral larynges is eliminated by the present invention.
Claims We claim 1. An intraoral artifical larynx, comprising: (a) prosthetic means for mounting said larynx within the oral cavity; (b) a power source mounted on said prosthetic means; (c) signal generation means mounted on said prosthetic means for generating a preselected electrical signal; (d) speaker means mounted on said prosthetic means for converting said signal into acoustic energy; and (e) liquid barrier means for protecting said speaker means from flooding with saliva. 2. The larynx of claim 1 wherein said barrier means is a porous sheet which permits sound to pass but blocks saliva from passing therethrough. 3. The larynx of claim 2 wherein said barrier means comprises a mesh sheet. 4. The larynx of claim 2 wherein said barrier means comprises an acoustic horn connected to said speaker means. 5. The larynx of claim 4 wherein said barrier means comprises a sheet disposed over the end of said horn which is liquid sealed with respect to a circumferential outer surface of said horn. 6. The larynx of claim 5 wherein said sheet extends into a portion of the interior of said horn. 7. The larynx of claim 5 wherein said sheet is liquid sealed binding said sheet to said outer surface of said horn. 8. An intraoral artificial larynx, comprising: (a) prosthetic means for mounting said larynx within the oral cavity; (b) a power source mounted on said prosthetic means; (c) signal generation means mounted on said prosthetic means for generating a preselected electrical signal; (d) speaker means mounted on said prosthetic means for converting said signal into acoustic energy; and (e) a tongue activatable intraoral switch mounted on said prosthetic means; said switch comprising a contact for completing a ground path of said larynx through the tongue and comprising a disabling switch for momentarily disabling at least said speaker means. 9. The invention of claim 8 wherein said larynx further comprises a liquid barrier means for protecting said speaker means from flooding with saliva. 10. The invention of claim 8 wherein said disabling switch is located on an anterior surface of said prosthetic means. 11. An intraoral artificial larynx, comprising: (a) prosthetic means for mounting said larynx within the oral cavity; (b) a power source mounted on said prosthetic means; (c) signal generation means mounted on said prosthetic means for generating a preselected electrical signal; (d) speaker means mounted on said prosthetic means for converting said signal into acoustic energy; and (e) a tongue activatable intraoral switch mounted on said prosthetic means; said switch comprising a contact for completing a ground path of said larynx through the tongue and comprising an on/off switch for selectively enabling and disabling at least said speaker means. 12. The invention of claim 11 wherein said on-off switch is located on a posterior surface of said prosthetic means. 13. The invention of claim 8 wherein said power source comprises a battery and at least one solar cell mounted on said prosthesis for recharging said battery. 