An apparatus for mounting solar cells and the like on a supporting structure, the apparatus having a panel composed of an open textured, electrically non-conductive, non-woven web adapted to receive a solar cell, a plurality of mounting assemblies, each composed of a first element adapted to be affixed on the supporting structure and a second element releasably engageable therewith adapted to be attached to the panel, the mounting assemblies attached to and arranged on the supporting structure in spaced relation to each other and retaining the panel and the solar cell borne thereby in spaced relation to the supporting structure to define an air passage therebetween, and a frame secured on the marginal edges of the panel and incorporating channels for housing the electrical cables of the solar cell.
Claims Having described my invention, what I claim as new and desire to secure by Letters Patent is: 1. An apparatus for mounting solar cells on a supporting structure, the apparatus comprising a porous, electrically non-conductive panel constructed of a polyester fiber, open textured, non-woven web having a substantially flat upper surface adapted to receive in fixed relation thereon a solar cell and an opposite lower surface; and means engageable with said lower surface of the panel for mounting the panel on the supporting structure. 2. An apparatus for mounting solar cells on a supporting structure, the apparatus comprising a porous electrically non-conductive panel constructed of a polyester fiber, open textured, non-woven web, having a substantially flat upper surface adapted to receive in fixed relation thereon at least one solar cell, and an opposite lower surface; and an assembly composed of a first element adapted to be attached on said supporting structure within the area to be covered by said panel and a second element releasably engageable with the first element and having an upper surface bearing projections deployed to penetrate said lower surface of said panel in interlocking relation therewith. 3. An apparatus for mounting at least one solar cell on a supporting structure, said solar cell having predetermined opposite mounting and display surfaces, the apparatus comprising: a panel composed of a polyester fiber, open textured, non-woven web adapted to receive the mounting surface of said at least one solar cell thereof affixed in substantially facing engagement, thereby leaving the display surface thereof exposed; a plurality of mounting assemblies for supporting the panel, each having a first surface adapted to be mounted on the supporting structure and an opposite second surface, said mounting assemblies adapted to be mounted on the support structure within the area to be covered by the panel and in a preselected pattern relative to each other; and adhesive interposed between the panel and the second surfaces of the mounting assemblies for securing the panel on the mounting assemblies. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein each of said mounting assemblies is composed of a first element adapted to be mounted on said supporting structure; a second element having said second surface of the mounting assembly disposed in outwardly facing relation and including a plurality of material-engaging bristles extending outwardly from said second surface; and means for releasably interlocking the first and second elements of each mounting assembly so that when the first element thereof is mounted on said supporting structure, the second element is selectively releasable therefrom for removal of the panel and said at least one solar cell borne thereby. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 wherein said first element has said first surface of the mounting assemblies and said first surface is shaped to conform to said supporting structure. 6. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein each of said mounting assemblies has a height sufficient to retain the panel in spaced relation to said supporting structure to define an air space between the panel and said supporting structure. 7. The apparatus of claim 3 in which the said at least one solar cell adapted to be mounted on said apparatus includes at least one electrical cable for conducting electrical energy produced by the solar cell and wherein the apparatus has a substantially rigid frame secured on the panel bounding the periphery thereof and defining a channel for the extension of said electrical cable therethrough from the solar cell. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the frame is composed of I-shaped frame members adhesively mounted on the marginal edges of the panel. 9. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the apparatus has a plurality of said panels, each adapted to mount at least one a solar cell, bounded by a frame defining said channel and adapted to be mounted on the supporting surface by a plurality of the mounting assemblies thereby forming discrete solar modules and wherein the frames of the solar modules are interconnected by fastening means to form an array of said solar modules. 10. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein a cable is mounted on the frame extending beneath the panel in supporting relation thereto and a fastener is extended through the panel and secured on the cable to fasten the panel on the cable. 11. An apparatus for mounting at least one solar cell on a supporting structure, said at least one solar cell having predetermined opposite mounting and display surfaces, the apparatus comprising: a panel composed of a polyester fiber, open textured, non-woven web adapted to receive said mounting surface of said at least one solar cell thereon affixed in substantially facing engagement thereby leaving the display surface thereof exposed; and a plurality of mounting assemblies each having a first surface adapted to be mounted on the supporting structure and an opposite second surface, said mounting assemblies adapted to be mounted on the supporting structure within the area to be covered by the panel and in a preselected pattern relative to each other for supporting the panel and with adhesive interposed between the panel and the second surfaces of the mounting assemblies, said mounting assemblies further having a plurality of projections borne by the second surfaces of the mounting assemblies and adpated upon pressing the panel thereagainst to penetrate the material of said panel to retain the panel and said second surfaces in registry for setting of the adhesive. 