A protection shield, e.g., a welders mask, has an only slightly transparent screen such as a welder's glass movable in front of and away from an opening in the shield by a reversible electric motor, driving the screen directly. The screen is guided by rods in the shield, which it engages in only a few discrete points. Motor, screen and guides are easily removable from and insertable into the shield. This gives a simple and reliable structure with low energy requirement. There are provisions for charging a battery energizing the motor either by solar cells or by an external source. A hand operated switch is provided with means to be carried on a finger of the user, which switch operates the screen. A spatter glass is taken up in the shield in guides so as to be easily removable and replaceable and so that its thickness is not critical.
Claims I claim: 1. A shield for protecting eyes, comprising: a body having an opening; an eye-protecting screen, slidable between first and second positions in which the screen covers and uncovers the opening; a plurality of guide means in the shield for guiding the screen between the first and second positions, extending substantially parallel to the direction of screen movement; a reversible electric motor secured to the body, comprising a drive shaft and a toothed or friction pinion secured to the drive shaft, for moving said screen between the firsr and second positions, said screen comprising a toothed or friction rack in direct contact with the pinion; and means for activating the motor to move the screen between the first and second positions. 2. A shield according to claim 1, wherein the drive shaft is substantially perpendicular to the main plane of the screen. 3. A shield according to claim 2, further comprising a transparent spatter plate covering the opening in the body and a second guide means on the body for slidably accepting the spatter plate, comprising a resilient strip for urging the spatter plate into engagement with the second guide means and allowing the second guide means to accept spatter plates of varying thickness. 4. A shield according to claim 1, further comprising mounting guides on said body for accepting said motor, to allow the motor to be easily inserted into and removed from the shield. 5. A shield for protecting eyes, comprising: a body having an opening; an eye-protecting screen, slidable between first and second positions in which the screen covers and uncovers the opening; guide means in the shield for guiding the screen between the first and second positions, comprising: a plurality of rods secured to the body, extending substantially parallel to the direction of screen movement; and a plurality of discrete protruding parts secured to the screen for slidably engaging said rods, said protruding parts having a dimension in the direction of screen movement which is substantially smaller than the dimension of the screen in the direction of screen movement; a reversible electric motor secured to the body, comprising a drive shaft and a toothed or friction pinion secured to the drive shaft, for moving said screen between the first and second positions, said screen comprising a toothed or friction rack driven by the pinion; and means for activating the motor to move the screen between the first and second positions. 6. A shield according to claim 2, wherein one of said rods is easily detached from said body and the protruding parts engaging the easily detached rod comprise lugs having an opening which slidably engages the rod. 7. A shield according to claim 2, wherein at least one of the protruding parts comprises a fork having an open end which engages one of said rods. 8. A shield according to claim 7, wherein at least one of the protruding parts comprises a fork having an open end which engages one of said rods. 9. A shield according to claim 2, wherein the number of protruding parts is three, with two of the protruding parts being located on one edge of the screen and one on an opposite edge of the screen. 10. A shield according to claim 2, further comprising supporting brackets at the ends of the rods and means on the body for frictionally engaging the brackets, said brackets being slidable in and out of the means for engaging in a direction substantially perpendicular to the main plane of the screen. 11. A shield according to claim 2, wherein the screen further comprises two protrusions, disposed at positions on the screen which are in the vicinity of opposed end positions with respect to the direction of screen movement, and the body comprises a first two-way switch movable by one of said protrusions to a first position and to a second position by the other protrusion, the means for activating the motor comprising: said first two-way switch; a second two-way swtch operable by a user of the shield, said first and second switches being connected with opposite energizing leads for the motor in a double-throw circuit comprising a power source, each position of the first two-way switch having a corresponding position in the second two-way switch in which the motor is deactivated, the motor being activated to drive the screen and move the first two-way switch to its other position when the second two-way switch is moved to its non-corresponding position. 12. A shield according to claim 11, wherein the first two-way switch is a sliding switch. 13. A shield according to claim 11, wherein the power source comprises a solar cell disposed on a surface of the shield exposed to a vivid light source, a battery for energizing the motor, and a diode connecting the solar cell and the battery to allow the solar cell to charge the battery. 14. A shield according to claim 13, further comprising a first transparent spatter plate for covering the opening in the body and a second transparent spatter plate for protecting the solar cell, and second and third guide means on the body for slidably accepting the first and second spatter plates, each of said second and third guide means comprising a resilient strip for urging the first or second spatter plate into engagement with the second or third guide means and allowing the second or third guide means to accept spatter plates of varying thickness. 15. A shield according to claim 5, wherein the body further comprises resilient arresting means for holding the screen when it reaches the end of its movement. 16. A shield according to claim 5, wherein the rack is in direct contact with the pinion. 