A method for producing a carrier material for use in a solar generator composed of a plurality of solar cells electrically conductively connected together and fastened to the carrier material. The method includes providing a glass fiber fabric composed of intersecting glass fibers; applying liquid plastic composed of a plastic dissolved in a solvent to the points of intersection of the glass fibers; evaporating the solvent; and hardening the plastic so that the glass fibers are firmly mechanically connected together by the hardened plastic at the points of intersection.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for producing a carrier material for use in a solar generator composed of a plurality of solar cells electrically conductively connected together, the solar cells being fastened only on one side thereof to the carrier material, said method comprising: providing a glass fiber fabric composed of intersecting glass fibers; applying liquid plastic composed of a plastic dissolved in a solvent to only the points of intersection of the glass fibers; evaporating the solvent; and hardening the plastic so that the glass fibers are firmly mechanically connected together by the hardened plastic at the points of intersection. 2. Method as defined in claim 1, wherein said applying step includes brushing the liquid plastic onto the points of intersection of the glass fiber fabric. 3. Method as defined in claim 1, wherein said applying step includes applying the liquid plastic to the points of intersection of the glass fiber fabric by means of a roller. 4. Method as defined in claim 1, wherein said applying step includes applying the liquid plastic to the points of intersection of the glass fiber fabric by means of screen printing. 5. Method as defined in claim 1, wherein said applying step includes applying the liquid plastic to the points of intersection of the glass fiber fabric with the aid of a mask. 6. Method as defined in claim 1, further including reinforcing the glass fiber plastic with plastic at selected locations. 7. Method as defined in claim 6, wherein said reinforcing step includes using plastic which is liquid when dissolved in a solvent or under the influence of heat and which becomes solid after evaporation of the solvent and subsequent hardening, or after cooling, respectively. 8. Method as defined in claim 7, wherein said reinforcing step includes brushing the liquid plastic onto the locations of the glass fiber fabric to be reinforced. 9. Method as defined in claim 7, wherein said reinforcing step includes applying the liquid plastic to the locations of the glass fiber fabric to be reinforced by means of a roller. 10. Method as defined in claim 7, wherein said reinforcing step includes applying the liquid plastic to the locations of the glass fiber fabric to be reinforced by means of screen printing. 11. Method as defined in claim 7, wherein said reinforcing step includes applying the liquid plastic to the locations of the glass fiber fabric to be reinforced with the aid of a mask. 12. Method of manufacturing a solar generator composed of solar cells each having a front active side, comprising: providing a carrier material according to the steps of claim 1; and fastening the carrier material to the front-active sides of the solar cell to simultaneously serve as a cover for the solar cells and as a carrier material for mounting the solar cells. 13. Method as defined in claim 12, wherein said fastening step includes using a transparent silicone adhesive for fastening the carrier material to the solar cells. 14. Method as defined in claim 1, wherein said hardening step includes a heat treatment. 15. Method for manufacturing a solar generator comprising: providing a glass fiber fabric composed of intersecting glass fibers; applying liquid plastic, composed of a plastic dissolved in a solvent, only to the points of intersection of the glass fibers; evaporating the solvent; hardening the plastic so that the glass fibers are firmly mechanically connected together by the plastic at the points of intersection; and fastening at least one solar cell only on one side thereof to the glass fiber fabric and hardened plastic, the glass fiber fabric and hardened plastic serving as a substrate for the at least one solar cell. 16. Method as defined in claim 15, including fastening a plurality of solar cells to the glass fiber fabric and hardened plastic; and electrically conductively interconnecting the solar cells. 17. Method as defined in claim 15, wherein the solar cell has an active side remote from the substrate and further including fastening a glass cover to the active-side of the solar cell. 18. Method as defined in claim 15, wherein the solar cell has an active side and said fastening step includes fastening the substrate to the active side of the solar cell. 