An odometer for use by a golfer in the measurement of distance covered by each shot. The odometer attaches to the wheel of the cart and counts revolutions or parts of a revolution of the wheel through the use of a magnetic head that rotates past a Hall effect sensor. A digital readout indicator displays yards covered.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An odometer for mounting on a wheel of power driven and/or hand moved golf carts comprising: a frame, means for securing said frame to a wheel of a golf cart for rotation therewith around its axis, shaft means for attachment to said frame axially of the wheel of the golf cart, said shaft means having a magnetic head mounted thereon for rotation therewith and a pendulum supported on said shaft means and independent of its movement, a housing mounted on said pendulum, said housing containing a sensor positioned adjacent said magnetic head for energization thereof by said magnetic head upon rotation of said frame, and counting means mounted within said housing and energized by said sensor for actuation thereof upon rotation of said magnetic head, said counting means comprises an indicator mounted on said housing for illustrating its count, and switch means mounted on said housing for selectively resetting said counting means, whereby the rotation of an associated golf cart wheel results in said counting means measuring the distance traveled by the golf cart. 2. The odometer set forth in claim 1 wherein: said switch means comprises a push-button control. 3. The odometer set forth in claim 2 wherein: said push-button control comprises an ON/OFF switch. 4. The odometer set forth in claim 1 wherein: said means for securing said frame to a wheel of a golf cart engages a rim of the wheel within its outer periphery. 5. The odometer set forth in claim 1 wherein: said pendulum remains relatively stationary with respect to the movement of said magnetic head. 6. The odometer set forth in claim 1 wherein: said counting means comprises an energizing means mounted within said housing for energization thereof. 7. The odometer set forth in claim 6 wherein: said energizing means comprises a battery. 8. The odometer set forth in claim 6 wherein: said energizing means is chargeable by an external battery charger. 9. the odometer set forth in claim 6 wherein: said energizing means comprises a plurality of photo-voltaic solar cells. 10. The odometer set forth in claim 1 wherein: said sensor comprises a Hall effect sensor. 