A geostationary sun oriented communications satellite has an operational module with a payload platform rotating at one r.p. day. The antenna components are mounted on the platform. The antenna components are so oriented relative to each other and to the platform that an efficient folding and unfolding is possible without any complicated mechanism.
Claims What we claim is: 1. A sun-oriented geostationary communications satellite, comprising an operational module including unfoldable solar cell arrays directable toward the sun and payload carrier means directable toward the earth, said payload carrier means having a platform (1) defining a first reference plane, antenna means, means for foldably mounting said antenna means on said platform so that said antenna means are tiltable between a folded position and an operating position, said antenna means including a main reflector (3) and a subreflector (4), both said reflectors having approximately the same size, primary radiator means (5) operatively mounted on said platform (1), said primary radiator means, said main reflector, and said subreflector being oriented relatve to each other in said operating position so that respective beams define a second plane oriented at an angle (.alpha.) relative to said first reference plane, said angle (.alpha.) being sufficiently small for permitting folding said main reflector and said subreflector into a compact package, said mounting means comprising only one folding axis for said main reflector and only one folding axis for said subreflector for folding both said reflectors into a position substantially in parallel to said reference plane and substantially in parallel to each other, whereby in the folded condition one of said reflectors is located between said platform and the respective other reflector. 2. The satellite of claim 1, wherein said angle (.alpha.) is within the range of 10.degree. to 30.degree.. 3. The satellite of claim 1, wherein said means for foldably mounting said main reflector and said subreflector comprise two journal bearings (7, 8), having a single journal axis forming said folding axis for said main reflector and a single journal axis forming said folding axis for said subreflector respectively, said journal axes extending approximately in parallel to said first platform reference plane. 4. The satellite of claim 3, wherein said journal axes have different spacings from said first platform reference plane so that both of said reflectors can be folded toward the same side of said platform into said folded position in which one reflector is located on top of the other reflector, and so that said reflectors can be folded sequentially back into said operating position. 5. The satellite of claim 4, wherein said reflectors have about the same diameters, wherein the reflector having the journal axis with the smaller spacing from said reference plane is first folded toward said platform, and wherein the reflector having the journal axis with the larger spacing from said reference plane is then folded onto the already folded reflector, whereby the last folded reflector is to be unfolded first. 6. The satellite of claim 1, wherein said platform (1) has one mounting surface defining said reference plane, said mounting means mounting said main reflector (3) and said subreflector (4) on said one mounting surface. 7. The satellite of claim 6, wherein said primary radiator means (5) are also mounted on said one mounting surface. 8. The satellite of claim 6, wherein said folding axes extend substantially at a right angle to each other. 