A solar cooker that includes an insulated oven, a main reflector joined to the oven which reflects solar radiation to a secondary reflector that in turn reflects the radiation into the oven; a gimbal, arcuate track and subframe arrangement mounting the oven on the main frame for movement for adjustments for azimuth, declination and latitude; a removable inner container mounted in the oven and having mounted therein an electric coil and a gimbal arrangement for mounting a pan for containing the food to be cooked and a cover for the container.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar unit comprising a solar oven having an open end, a generally concave parabolic main reflector joined to the oven to move therewith and reflect solar radiation away from the oven, said main reflector having a central opening opening to the oven open end, a generally parabolic convex secondary reflector for reflecting radiation from the main reflector through the central opening to the open end of the oven, means for mounting the secondary reflector on the main reflector for movement therewith, a frame, and means for mounting the oven on the frame for adjustable movement relative to the frame to permit adjusting the angular position relative to the earth, the last mentioned means including means for supporting the oven including first and second pairs of pivot members that respectively have a first pivot axis and a second pivot axis that extends perpendicular to the first pivot axis, the oven extending between each of the first pivot members and each of the second pivot members. 2. The solar unit of claim 1 wherein the means for mounting the oven for adjustable movement includes means for mounting the supporting means on the frame for arcuate movement relative thereto. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said unit is a solar cooker; further characterized in that there is provided means for supporting food to be cooked in the oven, and means mounted in the oven for mounting the food supporting means for pivotal movement about each a third and a fourth pivot axis that extend perpendicular to one another. 4. A solar unit comprising a solar oven having an open end, a generally concave parabolic main reflector joined to the oven for reflecting solar radiation away therefrom, said main rereflector having a central opening opening to the oven open end, a generally parabolic convex secondary reflector for reflecting radiation from the main reflector through the central opening to the open end of the oven, means for mounting the secondary reflector on the main reflector, and means for mounting the oven for adjustable movement to permit adjusting the angular position of the oven relative to the earth, the means for mounting the oven including a gimbal for mounting the oven and having first pivot axes and second pivot axes extending perpendicular to the first pivot axes, a frame and means for mountwng the gimbal on the frame for pivotal movement about the first pivot axis, the means for mounting the gimbal including an elongated track arcuately curved about the first pivot axes and means adjustably positionable along the track for supportingly mounting the gimbal in spaced relationship to the track. 5. The solar unit of claim 4 further characterized in that the gimbal includes a ring and pivot means for mounting the ring on the gimbal mounting means for pivotal movement about the second pivot axes, and that there is provided clock drive means connected to the pivot means for pivoting the pivot means at a rate of 360.degree. every 24 hours. 6. The solar unit of claim 4 further characterized in that the gimbal includes a ring and pivot means for mounting the ring on the gimbal mounting means for pivotal movement relative thereto, and that the gimbal mounting means comprises a subframe that includes parallel frame members having one end portions mounting the pivot means, and opposite end portions, frame means joined to the opposite end portions for retaining the parallel frame members in parallel relationship and means joined to at least one of the frame members and frame means for releasably clampingly engaging various selected portions of the track along the length thereof. 7. A solar cooker comprising a solar oven having an open end, a generally concave parabolic main reflector joined to the oven for reflecting solar radiation away therefrom, said main reflector having a central opening to the oven open end, a generally parabolic convex secondary reflector for reflecting radiation from the main reflector through the central opening to the open end of the oven, means for mounting the secondary reflector on the main reflector, means for mounting the oven for adjustable movement to permit adjusting the angular position of the oven relative to the earth, an inner container removably insertable into the oven, means for supporting food within the container and gimbal means mounted in the inner container for supporting the food supporting means. 8. The solar cooker of claim 7 further characterized in that the inner container and oven each have a bottom portion, and that there is provided means that at least in part extends intermediate the food supporting means and the container bottom portion for electrically heating food. 9. The solar cooker of claim 8 further characterized in that the electric heating means includes electrically conductive prongs extended through the container bottom portion and that there is provided an electric receptacle mounted by the oven bottom portion for having the prongs plugged thereinto. 10. The solar cooker of claim 8 further characterized in that the oven mounting means includes a frame, second gimbal means for mounting the oven for pivotal movement about a first pivot axis and a second pivot axis that extends perpendicular to the first pivot axis and means mounted by the frame for mounting the second gimbal means for pivotal movement about one of said first and second pivot axes. 11. A solar unit comprising an oven having an open end, reflector means joined to the oven for reflecting solar radiation into the oven, a frame, a subframe, gimbal means mounted by the subframe and mounting the oven for pivotal movement relative to the subframe about a first pivot axis and a second pivot axis that extends perpendicular to the first axis and means mounted on the frame for mounting the subframe for pivotal movement relative to the frame about the first pivot axis, the means for mounting the subframe on the frame including an arcuately elongated track having a radius of curvature eminating from the first pivot axis and clamp means for retainthe subframe in various selected adjusted positions along the length of the track. 12. The solar unit of claim 11 further characterized in that the subframe includes a pair of elongated parallel frame members having one end portions remote from the track that mount the gimbal means for pivotal movement relative to the track about the second pivot axis. 13. A solar cooker comprising an oven having an open end and a bottom portion opposite its open end, reflector means joined to the oven for reflecting solar radiation into the oven, a frame, a subframe, gimbal means mounted by the subframe and mounting the oven for pivotal movement relative to the subframe about a first pivotal axis and a second pivotal axis that extends perpendicular to the first axis, means mounted on the frame for mounting the subframe for pivotal movement relative to the frame about the first pivotal axis, gimbal means within the oven for supporting food to be cooked and an electrical heating coil between the bottom portion and the last mentioned gimbal means for heating food when there is insufficient solar radiation available for heating the food. 14. The solar cooker of claim 13 further characterized in that there is provided an inner container removably insertable into the oven and having a bottom portion and an open end, the last mentioned gimbal means being mounted in the inner container and the electric coil being mounted in the inner container adjacent to its bottom portion, an electric receptacle mounted by the oven bottom portion, an electric plug connected to the coil and mounted by the container bottom portion and weight means attached to the oven bottom portion. 15. The solar cooker of claim 13 further characterized in that the oven has a cylindrical portion which has a central axis and one end that comprises the oven open end, and an opposite end to which the oven bottom portion is joined, the oven bottom portion being bowl shaped, and that the reflector means includes a generally parabolic main reflector joined to the cylindrical portion for reflecting solar radiation away therefrom, the main reflector having a central opening opening to the open end of the oven and a terminal edge that is of a diameter many times larger than the diameter of the oven open end, a secondary parabolic reflector mounted in axial alignment with the central portion for reflecting solar radiation from the main reflector into the oven, the secondary reflector having a terminal circumferential edge of about the same diameter as the diameter of the oven opening. 16. A solar unit comprising an oven having an open end, reflector means joined to the oven for reflecting solar radiation into the oven, a frame, a subframe, gimbal means mounted by the subframe and mounting the oven for pivotal movement relative to the subframe about a first pivot axis and a second pivot axis that extends perpendicular to the first axis, the gimbal means including a first ring, pivot means for pivotally mounting the first ring on the subframe for pivotal movement about the second pivot axis, a second ring that mounts the oven and is of a smaller diameter than the diameter of the first ring and means for mounting the second ring for pivotal movement relative to the first ring about the first pivot axis and retain the second ring in various angularly adjusted positions relative to the first ring, drive means connected to the pivot means for pivoting the first ring about the second axis at an angular rate of 360.degree. every 24 hours, and means mounted on the frame for mounting the subframe for pivotal movement relative to the frame about the first pivot axis. 