An apparatus for simulating a large scale, rotating representation of the solar system inner planets and the Sun is described, comprising a series of moving and stationary concentric rings arranged about a pedestal, above which is a highly reflective globe representing the Sun supported on a column of high velocity air. Above each of the moving rings, and rotating with the rings, are globes representing the inner planets Mercury, Venus and the Earth, each planet being supported on a column of high velocity air. The Earth representation also has a Moon globe that rotates about it on a column of air. The entire top surface of the rings, moving and stationary, is painted dark blue, with plentiful representations of twinkling `stars` scattered about the surface. The apparatus is large, and is intended to be used as an educational tool in museums and the like, or be a large public display, or be combined with clocks.
Claims Having described the invention, what is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for displaying a representation of the solar system, and particularly the inner planets and the Sun, the apparatus comprising: (a) a model Earth globe and a model Moon globe; (b) an Earth-ring assembly having an annular shape, said Earth-ring assembly comprising two structures: a rotating Earth-ring and a first ring-base assembly which is stationary; said rotating Earth-ring providing support for said model Earth and Moon globes, orbiting a model of the Sun; said first ring-base assembly providing support for said Earth-ring, and the structure for delivering forced air through nozzles to said model Earth and Moon globes, supporting them in the air; (c) a model Venus globe and a model Mercury globe; (d) a Venus-ring assembly, identical in shape, structure and composition to said Earth-ring assembly, except that said Venus-ring assembly is proportionally smaller in diameter than said Earth-ring assembly, and does not include an Earth-Moon support system; said Venus-ring assembly providing the mechanism for supporting said Venus globe in air, orbiting a model Sun globe; (e) a Mercury-ring assembly, identical in shape, structure and composition to said Venus-ring assembly, except that said Mercury-ring assembly is proportionally smaller in diameter than said Venus-ring assembly; said Mercury-ring assembly providing the mechanism for supporting a Mercury globe in air, orbiting a model Sun globe; (f) a model Sun globe; (g) a solar pedestal for supporting said Sun globe in air; (h) means for driving said rotating Earth-ring, rotating Venus-ring and rotating Mercury-ring; and (i) means for providing a sufficient volume of high velocity air to each said ring-base assembly and to said solar pedestal, for the purpose of supporting each said model globe. 2. The apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein: said Earth-ring assembly may be fabricated of any suitable lightweight rigid material such as molded plastic; said rotating Earth-ring is of annular shape and has spur gear teeth cut in its outer circumference for interaction with a drive, said rotating Earth-ring includes an Earth-Moon air support system mounted on it and a plurality of support wheel assemblies attached below it, providing support to said rotating Earth-ring; said rotating Earth-ring further includes cut in its underneath surface, two concentric grooves for the purpose of fitting to said first ring-base assembly; said first ring-base assembly comprising a first ring base, a second overlap-ring and a first and second circular wall, said first ring-base providing a surface on which said support wheel assemblies ride, said second overlap-ring acting to shield the underneath mechanism from view, said first and second circular walls providing an edge which fits in the two concentric grooves of said rotating Earth-ring, forming a circular air plenum for forced air to be transported to said nozzles. 3. The apparatus as defined in claim 2 wherein: said Earth-Moon air support system comprises a Moon gear, a third air nozzle, a lockwasher and locknut, a circular gear tooth rack, circular discontinuous air slits and circular retaining walls; said discontinuous air slits being cut through the thickness of said Earth-ring in the shape and size of the model Moon orbit around the Earth-globe, and said circular retaining walls being formed around said air slits for the purpose of retaining the Moon globe when the air supply is shut off; said third air nozzle having a lower threaded section and utilizing said lockwasher and locknut for fastening said Moon gear beneath said Earth-ring; said third air nozzle providing a path for air from said air plenum to exit upwards, holding up said Earth globe; said Moon gear having a single hole cut in it near its periphery, allowing high velocity air to pass through said hole and thence through said discontinuous air slit, causing as said Moon gear rotates, an air column to rotate about said third air nozzle and supporting said Moon globe; said Moon gear including a `Teflon` disk between its upper surface and the lower surface of said Earth-ring, and a `Teflon` sleeve between said third air nozzle body and said Moon gear, for the purpose of lubrication of rotating bearing surfaces, and for air sealing. 4. The apparatus as defined in claim 2 wherein: said rotating Earth-ring further includes a plurality of wheel mounts formed in its lower surface, for the purpose of mounting said plurality of support wheel assemblies; each said wheel mount having an aperture formed in it, for inserting and adjusting said support wheel assembly. 5. The apparatus as defined in claim 2 wherein: said plurality of support wheel assemblies in each assembly comprise a locknut, a lockwasher, an axle, a wheel and a wheel retainer; said wheel contains sealed roller bearings for smooth operation, said axle incorporates a first hole for the purpose of inserting said wheel retainer, and a second hole for the purpose of engaging the end of a compression spring; said compression spring being fitted in the aperture of said wheel mount and bearing against said axle of said support wheel assembly, exerting downward pressure against said axle so as to keep said wheel bearing against the surface of said first ring base. 6. The apparatus as defined in claim 2 wherein: the tops of said first and second circular walls are coated with `Teflon`, or a similar solid lubricant, to reduce the bearing friction of said Earth-ring on said circular walls, as said Earth-ring rotates, and also to provide a barrier to air leakage from said air plenum. 7. The first ring-base assembly of claim 2 which further includes: a first air hole, through which high velocity air enters from an air channel and into said air plenum; and a circular gear tooth rack fixed in said first ring-base for the purpose of engaging with said Moon gear, causing said Moon gear to rotate when said Earth-ring is moving. 8. The apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein: said model Sun globe, Mercury globe, Venus globe, Earth globe and Moon globe may be made of polystyrene foam or a similar lightweight material; said Sun globe having a highly reflective surface such as would be achieved by coating with aluminum foil; said planet and Moon globes are painted to resemble their surfaces as seen from space; said Earth-ring assembly, Venus-ring assembly and Mercury-ring assembly being painted a dark blue, with a representation of `stars` painted on the surface, so as to resemble dark space. 9. The apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein: said Mercury-ring assembly includes a first air nozzle in the Mercury-ring surface, for the purpose of supporting said Mercury globe by a column of high velocity air. 10. The apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein: said Venus-ring assembly includes a second air nozzle in the Venus-ring surface, for the purpose of supporting said Venus globe by a column of high velocity air. 11. The apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein: said solar pedestal is hollow, being formed to have a wide nozzle at its top, a hollow tube from top to bottom and an air cavity in its base, receiving high velocity air; said solar pedestal being made of molded plastic or a similar rigid material. 12. The apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein: said means for driving said rotating Earth-ring, rotating Venus-ring and rotating Mercury-ring, includes a drive assembly comprising an electric motor, a drive gear axle which is connected to the axis of said electric motor, a motor pillow block for supporting and fastening said electric motor and a single spur gear or compound reducing gears mounted on said drive gear axle, the electric motor providing the electromotive force for said means; said spur gear or compound reducing gears being sized and selected so as to achieve the desired rotational speed. 13. The apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein: said means for providing a sufficient volume of high velocity air includes a plurality of electric-powered blowers and air channels; said air channels being fabricated from plastic tubing, and being used to transport the high velocity air from said blowers which are located on the outer periphery of the apparatus, to said solar pedestal base and to said circular air plenums underneath each moving ring. 