A modular solar generating system is disclosed. The system includes a plurality of self-contained solar modules which are interconnectedly disposed in an array about the perimeter of a rigid framework housing a sign, light, or other load means necessitating electrical power during the night time hours. The modules themselves consist of a photovoltaic plate sandwiched between two suitable cover plates, including in this arrangement one or more continuous conductors. The modules are linked together by way of male and female plug connectors whereby the array may then be electrically connected to a battery. When the modular system is arranged in this fashion and exposed to incident sunlight for an appropriate period of time, power may be provided to a sign, light or other electrical apparatus for nighttime use.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A modular solar generating system suitable for providing power for illuminated signs and other electrical loads comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic modules removably interconnected in an array as to convert incident solar radiation into electrical energy; a mounting frame adapted to support and contain said array where the array comprises an outer facing portion of the frame; a battery connected to said array adapted to receive and store electrical energy generated by said modules; and timing means connected to said battery for selective energization of an electrical load by electrical energy stored in the battery during a preselected time. 2. The system as defined in claim 1 wherein the electrical load comprises a lamp or other illumination means supported by the frame. 3. The system as defined in claim 1 wherein the mounting frame includes one or more leg members attachably joined so as to support the sign or other electrical means above the mounting surface. 4. The system defined in claim 3 wherein the solar modules are disposed about the perimeter of the mounting frame and supporting legs in order to provide maximum surface area for the collection of solar radiation. 5. The system defined in claim 4 wherein a channel member extends along the top and sides of the frame and continues downwardly along one or more leg members, said channel configured to receive and mount said modules so that the outer radiation receiving surface of the modules forms the perimeter of the sign. 6. The system as defined in claim 5 wherein corner connectors are slidably disposed within two or more peripheral channels to prevent removal of said connectors and solar modules to which the connectors are removably attached. 7. The system as defined in claim 6 wherein the solar modules are interconnectedly mounted about the periphery of said mounting frame within said channel, and are positioned to where the radiation receiving surfaces of the modules are directed outward. 8. The system as defined in claim 7 wherein the solar modules include male and female plug connectors at each end. 9. The system as defined in claim 8 wherein the battery includes one or more deep cycle gel-cell batteries. 10. The system as defined in claim 9 further comprising a shielded photoelectric eye connected between the battery and the electrical load and adapted to control current flow between the battery and the timing means at a selected level of illumination on the photoelectric eye. 11. The system as defined in claim 1 wherein the battery is removably connected to the solar module array. 12. The system as defined in claim 1 wherein the timing means comprises a multiple stage-timer capable of energizing an electrical load at different times. 13. An integrated solar-powered, electrical display comprising: a base adapted to house a battery; a frame mounted on the base and adapted to mount the display to the periphery of the frame; an array of photovoltaic cells mounted end-to-end around the periphery of the frame; a first electrical circuit disposed between the battery and photovoltaic cells adapted to supply energy collected by the photovoltaic cells to the battery; and a second electrical circuit disposed between the battery and the electrical display adapted to supply power from the battery to the electrical display or an other electrical load. 14. A display according to claim 13 where a timer/controller means is disposed in the second electrical circuit between the battery and the display. 15. A display according to claim 13 where a photoelectric eye is disposed in the second electrical circuit between the battery and the display. 16. A display according to claim 13 where an electrical control device is disposed in the first electrical circuit between the battery and the photovoltaic cell. 