An economical method for constructing large continuous-walled structures in orbit is presented. In this method a lightweight, non-elastic, topologically closed inflatable surface with thin flexible walls is transported to orbit where it is inflated to form a semi-rigid surface. This inflated surface is then used as a guide for constructing the hull of the structure by wrapping the surface with long sheets of high strength material until the desired wall thickness and rigidity is obtained. The wrapping process is accomplished automatically by a wrapping machine. Since the inflatable surface can be packaged into a small volume, and since the sheets of wrapping material can be rolled into spools with very high packing density, it is possible to construct large continuous-walled pressurized structures in orbit using robotics with relatively few Shuttle flights. The method is used to construct a large permanently manned orbiting space station that provides an artificial gravity environment for the living quarters and connecting variable gravity environments for research and materials processing. The basic structural design of the space station consists of a rotating torus with three connecting spoke cylinders and two Earth-fixed column cylinders extending along the rotation axis mounted on each side of the torus' hub.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for constructing a structure in orbit comprising the steps of: inflating a light-weight inflatable surface in space to form a semi-rigid, thin-walled guide structure; mounting an automated wrapping wheel around a portion of said inflated guide structure, said wheel containing flexible wrapping material; and moving said wrapping wheel around said inflated guide structure thereby wrapping said inflated guide structure with said wrapping material to increase the wall thickness, strength, and rigidity of said structure. 2. A method as set forth in claim 1 wherein said inflatable surface comprises a flexible, non-elastic fabric woven with Kevlar fibers that is made gas-tight by an inner sealing membrane. 3. A method as set forth in claim 1 wherein said wrapping material comprises at least one long flexible sheet rolled up on a removable spool mounted on said wrapping wheel and further comprising the step of removing said spool after said sheet has been wrapped around said inflated surface and replacing said spool with a new spool of wrapping material so that many layers of wrapping material can be wrapped around said surface to produce any desired wall thickness for said structure. 4. A method as set forth in claim 1 wherein said step of wrapping said material is accomplished automatically by said automatic wrapping wheel. 5. A method as set forth in claim 1 further comprising the step of bonding said wrapping material to said guide structure by dispensing bonding material. 6. A method as set forth in claim 5 further comprising the steps of: wrapping more than one layer of said flexible wrapping material around said guide structure; and bonding adjacent layers to each other so as to form a multi-layered laminated wall around said guide structure. 7. A method as set forth in claim 6 wherein said flexible wrapping material is fabric woven with Kevlar fibers. 8. A method as set forth in claim 1 further comprising the step of wrapping additional layers of new material over said first material in order to increase the structural rigidity and strength of said structure. 9. A method as set forth in claim 8 wherein said second material is a long sheet of aluminum alloy. 10. A method as set forth in claim 9 further comprising the steps of: wrapping more than one layer of said sheet of aluminum alloy around said structure; and bonding adjacent layers of said aluminum alloy sheet to each other so as to form a multi-layered laminated second wall around said structure to increase the strength and rigidity of said structure. 11. A method as set forth in claim 1 further comprising the steps of constructing at least one another structure in orbit comprising the steps of: inflating a second inflatable surface to form a second guide structure; wrapping said second guide structure with material to increase the wall thickness and rigidity of said second structure; connecting said first structure to said second structure so as to form one gas-tight large structure; and pressurizing said gas-tight structure with a mixture of oxygen and at least one other gas to provide a breathable life-sustaining environment inside said structure. 12. A method as set forth in claim 11 further comprising the step of rotating a portion of said pressurized structure to provide a centrifugally produced artificial gravity environment. 13. A method for constructing a manned space station in orbit comprising the steps of: inflating a lightweight flexible toroidal surface in space; wrapping said inflated toroidal surface around its minor axis with sheets of flexible material thereby creating a rigid toridal structure; pressurizing said toroidal structure with a mixture of oxygen and at least one other gas to provide a breathable life-sustaining environment inside said structure; and rotating said toroidal structure about its major axis to provide an artificial gravity environment inside said structure. 14. A method as set forth in claim 13 wherein said step of wrapping said material around said inflated toroidal surface is accomplished automatically by an automatic wrapping machine. 15. A method for constructing a manned space station in orbit comprising the steps of: inflating a lightweight flexible toroidal surface in space; wrapping said inflated toroidal surface around its minor axis with sheets of flexible material thereby creating a rigid toroidal structure; inflating a lightweight flexible cylindrical surface; wrapping said inflated cylindrical surface around its longitudinal axis with sheets of flexible material thereby creating a rigid cylindrical structure; cutting a plurality of holes around the inside periphery of said rigid toroidal structure; mounting sections of said cylindrical structure around said holes so as to form spoke cylinder passageways into the interior of said toroidal structure; mounting a central hub structure at the center of said toroidal structure by connecting said hub structure to said spoke cylinders so as to form air-tight passageways into said hub structure; pressurizing the interior of said connected toroidal, cylindrical and hub structures with a mixture of oxygen and at least one other gas to provide a breathable, life-sustaining environment inside said connected structures; and rotating said toroidal structure about its major axis to provide an artificial gravity environment inside said structure. 16. A method as set forth in claim 15 further comprising the steps of: attaching at least one other cylinder to said hub structure centered along the rotation axis of said torus; and maintaining said cylinder in an Earth-fixed attitude by rotating said cylinder. 17. A method as set forth in claim 15 further comprising the step of mounting an annular light-weight photovotaic sheet of solar cells on the outer rim of said toroidal structure such that the rotation of said toroidal structure gives the array a rigid support generated by centrifugal force. 18. A method as set forth in claim 15 further comprising the steps of: accumulating human and animal waste products inside a containment vessel; and propulsively ejecting said waste products to propel said structure onto various orbits. 19. A method as set forth in claim 15 wherein the step of rotating said space station comprises the steps of: mounting a spinning fly-wheel means inside the central hub structure; and slowing down said spinning fly-wheel means thereby transferring angular momentum from said fly-wheel to said space station. 20. A method as set forth in claim 19 further comprising the step of slowing down the rate of rotation of said space station by increasing the angular velocity of said spinning fly-wheel thereby transferring angular momentum from said space station to said fly-wheel. 21. A method as set forth in claim 15 further comprising the step of mounting elevators inside said spoke cylinders for transferring crew members between the central hub structure and the toroidal structure. 22. A method for constructing a structure in orbit comprising the steps of: inflating a thin-walled, closed surface in space; mounting an automated wrapping machine containing flexible wrapping material around a portion of said inflated surface; and wrapping said wrapping material around said inflated surface by means of said wrapping machine to obtain a stress bearing rigid structure. 23. A method as set forth in claim 22 wherein said wrapping material comprises at least one long flexible sheet rolled up on a removable spool mounted on said wrapping machine and further comprising the step of removing said spool after said sheet has been wrapped around said inflated surface and replacing said spool with a new spool of wrapping material so that many layers of wrapping material can be wrapped around said surface to produce any desired wall thickness for said structure. 24. A method for constructing a structure comprising the steps of: inflating a flexible, thin-walled closed surface; mounting a wrapping machine containing flexible wrapping material around a portion of said inflated surface; and wrapping said wrapping material around said inflated surface by means of said wrapping machine to obtain a stress bearing rigid structure. 25. A method as set forth in claim 24 further comprising the step of transporting said flexible surface into space prior to said inflation step for constructing said structure in space. 26. A system for constructing a structure in orbit comprising: a lightweight inflatable surface; means for inflating said surface with gas so as to form a semi-rigid, thin-walled, guide structure; an automated wrapping wheel; at least one long sheet of flexible wrapping material mounted on said wrapping wheel; and means for moving said wrapping wheel around said inflated guide structure such that as said wheel moves around said inflated structure, said wrapping material is automatically wrapped around said inflated guide structure. 27. A system as set forth in claim 26 wherein said inflatable surface is a high-strength fabric woven with Kevlar fibers that is made gas-tight by an inner sealing membrane. 28. A system as set forth in claim 26 wherein said inflated guide strucstructure has a toroidal shape. 29. A system as set forth in claim 26 wherein said sheet of wrapping material is wrapped around said inflated guide structure in several layers and further comprising means for bonding said layers to each other so as to form a rigid, multi-layered, high-strength laminated wall. 30. A system as set forth in claim 26 wherein said wrapping material is composed of at least one long sheet of fabric woven with high-strength Kevlar fibers and at least one long sheet of an aluminum alloy. 31. A system as set forth in claim 26 further comprising: a spool containing said sheet of flexible wrapping material detachably mounted on said wrapping wheel; and means for removing said spool after said sheet has been wrapped around said inflated surface and replacing said spool with a new spool of wrapping material so that many layers of wrapping material can be wrapped around said inflated surface to produce any desired wall thickness for a said structure. 32. A system for constructing a structure in orbit comprising: a plurality of light-weight inflatable surfaces; means for inflating said inflatable surfaces with gas so as to form a plurality of semi-rigid, thin-walled, guide structures; means for wrapping portions of said plurality of inflated guide structures with a flexible material thereby obtaining a plurality of rigid structures, said wrapping means comprising at least one automated wrapping wheel containing said flexible material and means for moving said wrapping wheel around said inflated guide structures such that as said wheel moves around said inflated structures, said wrapping material is automatically wrapped around said inflated guide structures; and means for connecting said plurality of rigid structures together so as to form one large structure. 33. A system as set forth in claim 32 wherein said connected structure is a torus with a plurality of spoke cylinders that converge to a central hub structure, and two column cylinders connected to opposite ends of said hub structure along a line perpendicular to said spoke cylinders. 34. A system as set forth in claim 33 further comprising means for rotating said torus about its major axis for creating a centrifugally produced artificial gravity environment inside said torus. 35. A system as set forth in claim 34 further comprising means for pressurizing said connected structure with a mixture of oxygen and at least one other gas to provide a breathable, life-sustaining environment inside said structure. 36. A system as set forth in claim 35 wherein said column cylinders are connected to said hub structure by an air-tight, rotating, swivel joint means such that said column cylinders can be rotated about their longitudinal axes with an angular velocity different from the angular velocity of said torus and further comprising means for maintaining said column cylinders in an Earth-fixed attitude. 37. A system as set forth in claim 32 further comprising: container means for accumulating human and animal waste products; means for gasifying said waste products; and means for accelerating and ejecting said gasified waste products for generating propulsive thrust for maneuvering said structure. 38. A system as set forth in claim 34 further comprising an annular sheet of solar cells having an inside rim and an outside rim and further comprising means for connecting said inside rim to said rotating torus such that said sheet of solar cells is kept rigid by centrifugal force. 39. A system as set forth in claim 38 further comprising an attitude control system onboard said structure whereby the rotation axis of said torus is maintained perpendicular to the structure's orbital plane. 40. A system as set forth in claim 32 further comprising: a spool containing said flexible wrapping material detachably mounted on said wrapping wheel; and means for removing said spool after said material has been wrapped around said inflated surface and replacing said spool with a new spool of wrapping material so that many layers of wrapping material can be wrapped around said inflated surface to produce any desired wall thickness for said structure. 41. A system as set forth in claim 34 wherein said means for rotating said torus comprises: a spinning fly-wheel mounted inside the central hub structure; and means for decreasing the angular velocity of said spinning fly-wheel thereby transferring angular momentum from said fly-wheel to said toroidal structure. 42. A system as set forth in claim 41 further comprising means for slowing down the rate of rotation of said toroidal structure by transferring angular momentum to said fly-wheel. 43. A system as set forth in claim 33 further comprising at least one elevator mounted in one of the spoke cylinders for transferring crew members between the central hub structure and the toroidal structure. 44. A system as set forth in claim 36 further comprising means for transferring gas, fluid, electrical power, electrical signals, and crew members between said column cylinders and said hub structure while rotating relative to each other. 45. A system as set forth in claim 36 further comprising at least one airlock mounted on one of the column cylinders for allowing crew members dressed in protective space suits to pass between the pressurized interior of said space station and the exterior vacuum environment. 46. A system as set forth in claim 38 further comprising a toroidal superconducting inductive energy storage system mounted inside said rotating torus for electrical load leveling and for generating ultra high power surges several times greater than that generated by said sheet of solar cells. 47. A system for constructing a structure comprising: a closed flexible inflatable surface; means for inflating said surface with a gas thereby rendering said surface semi-rigid; a sheet of wrapping material; a wrapping machine containing said sheet of wrapping material; means for mounting said wrapping machine around a portion of said inflated surface; and means for wrapping said material around a portion of said inflated surface by said wrapping machine to obtain a rigid, stress bearing structure. 48. A system as set forth in claim 47 further comprising: a spool containing said sheet of wrapping material detachably mounted on said wrapping machine; and means for removing said spool after said sheet has been wrapped around said inflated surface and replacing said spool with a new spool of wrapping material so that many layers of wrapping material can be wrapped around said inflated surface to produce any desired wall thickness for said structure. 