There is provided a power source for continuously energizing electrically isolated devices used to monitor the physiological state of a subject undergoing an examination in an NMR scanner having a magnet, RF and gradient coils. The power source is made up of a first element for generating energy of one type and a second element for receiving this energy and converting it to a second energy type used to energize the electrically isolated devices. The first and second elements are operatively coupled to one another through an electrically isolated medium to permit continuous transfer of energy from the first to the second element and to reject interference due to the NMR apparatus subsystems. In one embodiment the first element may be an array of light-emitting diodes, while the second element may be an array of photovoltaic cells. In another embodiment, the first and second elements may be ultrasonic transducers coupled through air or a ceramic substrate.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. In an NMR apparatus having a magnet for generating a magnetic field, RF coils for generating RF transmit pulses, gradient coils for generating gradient magnetic field pulses, and a power source for providing electrically isolated power to devices used to monitor the physiological state of a scan subject, the improvement wherein said power source comprises: a first element for generating power of one type; a second element for receiving power from said first element and converting the received energy to a different energy type used to continuously provide power to electrically isolated devices used to monitor the physiological state of a scan subject; said first and second elements being operatively coupled to one another through an electrically isolating medium so as to permit continuous transfer of power of said one type from said first element to said second element and to reject interference due to the magnetic field, and RF transmit and gradient magnetic field pulses, said electrically isolating medium being immune to the effects of the NMR system magnetic field. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said first element comprises an array of light-emitting diodes and said second element comprises an array of photovoltaic cells operatively coupled to said first element. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said first and second elements comprise ultrasonic transducer elements operatively coupled to one another. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said first and second elements comprise piezoelectric elements coupled to one another through a ceramic substrate. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the degree of coupling between said first and second elements is adjustable. 