A retrofittable insulation system for solar rooms having glass bays supported by sills along the bottom and separated by vertically extending glazing bars. The system includes extruded, plastic double channel tracks secured to the inside of the glazing bars and extending substantially the full length thereof. An insulating shade sheet is carried by a roller supported on brackets mounted at the tops of adjacent glazing bars. The shade sheet has corded edges captured within the channels of the tracks and a batten is secured to its lower edge. Spring motors are mounted on the sill adjacent the bottom of each track, and cables connect the spring motors to the ends of the batten. The shade is operated by an actuator connected to the shade roller, which acts against the spring motors. In a preferred embodiment, the spring motors exert a pull force on the shade that varies in accordance with the force required to retract the shade which is a function of the relative position of the shade in the tracks.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A retrofittable insulation system for solar rooms having a window wall defined by a generally horizontally extending sill, one or more horizontally extending mullions and at least two vertically extending glazing bars which describe the sides of a window bay and separate adjacent bays comprising: a pair of elongated tracks formed of a plastic material, each of said tracks being adapted to be secured to the inside of a glazing bar on each side of a window bay and extending substantially the full length thereof, each of said tracks having at least one channel open to the side of said track and a base to facilitate securing of said track to a bar; a take-up roller bracket secured adjacent the top of each bar and carrying a take-up roller, said take-up roller carrying an insulating shade sheet having a lower edge; a corded edge provided on each side edge of the shade sheet, each of said corded edges extending into a channel in one of said tracks; a batten secured to said lower edge of said shade sheet; a pair of cables connected to opposite ends of the batten, said cables each being disposed in one of said channels into which the corded edges extend; a pair of spring motor mounted on the sill, one motor being adjacent the bottom of each track, each motor being connected to a second end of one of said cables, said motors being biased to retract said shade sheet over the bay; and means for turning said take-up roller to roll up said shade sheet onto the roller agianst the action of said spring motors. 2. A retrofittable insulation system as defined in claim 1 wherein at least one of said tracks has two C-shaped channels facing away from each other, each of said channels having an opening, and wherein said one track further comprises a removable cover plate having flanges which engage sides of said channels facing away form said openings, said plate being spaced from said base for covering said base and fasteners used to secure said track to a glazing bar. 3. A retrofittable insulation system as defined in claim 1 wherein openings are provided through said base at selected intervals for receiving fasteners for securing said track to a glazing bar. 4. A retrofittable insulation system as defined in claim 1 further comprising a sill box adapted to be mounted on the sill of the window wall and extending between adjacent glazing bars, said spring motors being mounted within the sill box adjacent opposite ends thereof. 5. A retrofittable insulation system as defined in claim 4 wherein each of said spring motors includes a pair of parallel axles, one of said axles carrying a spring storage spool and idler sheave and the other of said axles carrying a spring spool and a cable spool. 6. A retrofittable insulation system as defined in claim 5 wherein each idler sheave has a vertical tangent aligned with a respective channel on an associated side of the bay to align the associated cable with its channel. 7. A retrofittable insulation system as defined in claim 1 wherein said turning means includes an electrical motor connected to said take-up roller rotating said roller. 8. A track for retrofittable insulation system for solar rooms comprising: a flat base having parallel side edges, said base being adapted to be secured to a glazing bar in a solar room; a pair of C-shaped channels connected to said base and disposed on one flat side of said base, one channel being adjacent each edge of said base, said channels having arc-shaped surfaces curved inwardly from the base toward each other; and a cover having arc-shaped flanges curved inwardly toward each other for releasably engaging said arc-shaped surfaces on said channels to hold said cover over said base; said base, said channels and said cover each being formed of an extruded plastic material. 9. A track as defined in claim 8 wherein said C-shaped channels are open in directions facing away from one another. 10. A shade system for a window defined by a generally horizontally extending sill and at least two vertically extending glazing bars which define the sides of the window, said shade system comprising: a pair of elongated tracks each secured to an inside surface of a glazing bar and extending substantially the full length of the glazing bar, said pair of tracks being secured to glazing bars on opposite sides of the window, each of said tracks having a channel having an opeing facing a corresponding channel opening in the other of said tracks; a take-up roller carrying a shade sheet having a lower edge, said take-up roller being carried by brackets secured adjacent the top of each of the glazing bars; a corded edge provided on each side edge of said shade sheet, each corded edge extending into a different one of said channels in said tracks; a batten secured to said lower edge of said shade sheet; a pair of variable torque spring motors disposed adjacent the sill for drawing the shade sheet downwardly over the window towards the sill; a cable coiled on a spool connected to a controlled by each spring motor, one cable being connected to each end of said batten; and means for turning said take-up roller to roll up said shade sheet onto the roller against the action of said spring motors, said spring motors drawing said shade sheet downwardly over the window when said turning means is deactivated. 11. A shade system as defined in claim 10 wherein each of said variable torque spring motors comprises a spring configured so that the pull force provided by said spring motors as said cables are withdrawn from their spools is always a generally constant amount greater than the pull force required to draw said shade sheet over the window when said turning means is deactivated. 12. A shade system as defined in claim 11 wherein the pull force required to draw said shade sheet over the window is always at least one quarter pound less than the pull force provided by said spring motor. 13. A shade system as defined in claim 11 wherein the pull force provided by said spring motor is at a minimum when the cable is fully withdrawn from said spool. 14. A shade system as defined in claim 10 wherein said spring motor comprises a coiled spring deflected to have different radii of curvature at different points along its length. 15. A shade system for a window defined by a generally horizontally extending sill and at least two vertically extending glazing bars which define the sides of the window, said shade system comprising: a pair of elongated tracks formed of an extruded, relatively strong plastic material, each of the glazing bars having one of said tracks being secured thereto on an inside facing surface thereof, said tracks each extending substantially the full length of their associated glaizng bars, each of said tracks having a channel having an opening facing a corresponding channel opening in the other of said tracks, said channels each having a wall thickness in the order of 0.08 inches; a take-up roller carrying a shade sheet having a lower edge, said take-up roller being carried by brackets secured adjacent the top of each of the glazing bars; a corded edge provided on each side edge of said shade sheet, each corded edge extending into a different one of said channels in said tracks; retraction means for drawing the shade sheet downwardly over the window toward the sill; and activating means for turning the take-up roller to roll up the shade sheet onto the roller against the action of the retraction means. 16. A variable torque spring motor assembly for use with a shade system for a window, said spring motor assembly comprising: a spring spool and a cable spool coaxially carried by a first axle and rotatable together on said first axle; a storage spool and an idler sheave axially mounted on a second axle, said idler sheave and storage spool lying in the same plane; a cable wound upon said cable spool and extending around said idler sheave; means for mounting said first and second axles in parallel alignement; and a variable torque coiled spring wrapped about said storage spool in one direction and said spring spool in an opposite direction for urging said cable spool to rotate in a direction to roll up said cable on said cable spool. 17. A spring motor assembly as defined in claim 16 wherein said variable torque spring is deflected so that its radius of curvature varies from point to point along its length. 18. A retrofittable shade system for a window defined by a generally horizontally extending sill and at least two vertically extending glazing bars which define the sides of the window, said shade system comprising: a pair of elongated tracks disposed on opposite sides of the window, each of said tracks being secured to an inside surface of an associated glazing bar and extending substantially the full length of its associated glazing bar, each of said tracks being sufficiently flexible so that each said track may be bent to conform to the figuration of its associated glazing bar, each of said tracks having a channel having an opening facing a corresponding channel opening in the other of said tracks and a base to facilitate securing of said track to its associated glazing bar; a take-up roller carrying a shade sheet having a lower edge, said take-up roller being supported by brackets secured adjacent the top of each of the glazing bars; a corded edge provided on each side of said shade sheet and extending into an associated one of said channels in said tracks; a batten secured to said lower edge of said shade sheet; a cable connected to said batten; means disposed adjacent the bottom of said tracks and connected to said cable for retracting said shade sheet over the window; and means for turning said take-up roller to roll up said shade sheet onto the roller against the action of said retracting means. 19. A track for retrofittable insulation system for solar rooms comprising: a flat base having parallel side edges, said base being adapted to be secured to a glazing bar in a solar room; a pair of C-shaped channels connected to said base and disposed on one flat side of said base, one channel being adjacent each edge of said base, said channels having arc-shaped surfaces curved inwardly from the base toward each other; and a cover having arc-shaped flanges curved inwardly toward each other for releasably engaging said arc-shaped surfaces on said channels to hold said cover over said base; said base, said channels and said cover each being formed of a material sufficiently flexiable so that each one thereof may be bent to conform to the configuration of the glazing bar. 