A parabolically-shaped reflector antenna particularly intended for space vehicle applications, can be transported into outer space in a folded state. There it is inflated by means of a gaseous agent, such as a gas compound or gaseous medium, which is transported with the space vehicle. The antenna reflector and an antenna radome form an inflatable cavity which is stabilized by a rigidizing torus. The covering material of the antenna reflector, the antenna radome and the rigidizing torus comprise a resin-impregnated layer of fabric. After inflation in outer space, the reflector antenna is aligned such that it will be substantially uniformly heated by the sun for substantially uniform polymerization of the resin impregnant. After polymerization, the reflector antenna requires no gas pressure to keep its shape.
Claims What I claim is: 1. A method of fabricating a reflector antenna, especially a parabolic reflector antenna comprising a deployable superficial laminate structure, and comprising an antenna reflector, an antenna radome and a stabilizing torus all inflatable to a shroud body, comprising the steps of: employing for at least the antenna reflector and the antenna radome a shroud material treated with a setting component which is unsettable prior to inflation to form the shroud body; and inflating and thereby forming said shroud body and in conjunction therewith allowing said setting component to set and form a rigid surface configuration. 2. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein: at least during said step of inflating said shroud body, allowing said setting component to set. 3. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein: subsequent to said step of inflating said shroud body, allowing said setting component to set. 4. The method as defined in claim 1 and wherein: said step of inflating and thereby forming said shroud body entails employing a gaseous agent for inflating; and said gaseous agent comprising a catalyzor gas for setting the setting component. 5. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein: said step of allowing said setting component to set entails maintaining the reflector antenna oriented toward the sun during setting of said setting component. 6. A reflector antenna having an antenna reflector united with an antenna radome to a hollow body and stabilized by a substantially tubular stabilizing torus, wherein: the antenna reflector, the antenna radome and the substantially tubular stabilizing torus define antenna components; said antenna components comprising a superficial laminate structure rendered rigid by a setting process; the antenna reflector and the antenna radome defining a subset of said antenna components; supply means for connection to a source of a pressurized gaseous agent and for inflating said subset of antenna components to form an internal void; further supply means for connection to said source of pressurized gaseous agent and for inflating the substantially tubular stabilizing torus; said supply means and said further supply means allowing, by means of said pressurized gaseous agent, inflation of said internal void and said substantially tubular stabilizing torus and formation of a desired reflector antenna configuration; and said desired reflector antenna configuration being stabilized and rendered independent of the presence of said pressurized gaseous agent by means of said setting process which renders rigid said superficial laminate structure in conjunction with said inflation. 7. The reflector antenna as defined in claim 6, wherein: said superficial laminate structure comprises a resin-impregnated textile laminate layer; said superficial laminate structure having a curvature; said curvature having an outer side; a hermtric synthetic foil being laminated to said outer side of said curvature; a portion of said hermetic synthetic foil being associated with said antenna reflector; said portion having an outer side; and an electrically conductive material being coated on said outer side of said portion. 8. The reflector antenna as defined in claim 7, and wherein the reflector antenna is centrally fed, further including: an antenna feed mast structure; and the antenna reflector and the antenna radome being attached to said antenna fed mast structure. 9. The reflector antenna as defined in claim 7 and wherein the reflector antenna is executed as an offset-antenna, further including: an antenna arm; and said substantially tubular stabilizing torus comprising a mounting location for said antenna arm. 10. An antenna package for deploying a reflector antenna, comprising: an antenna reflector; an antenna radome; said antenna reflector being united with said antenna radome for forming a hollow body; a substantially tubular stabilizing torus for stabilizing said hollow body; the antenna reflector, the antenna radome and the substantially tubular stabilizing torus defining antenna components; said antenna components define an antenna shroud; said antenna package containing said antenna shroud in the form of flexible thin-walled superficial structures folded together in a plurality of fold layers; and each one of said flexible thin-walled superficial structures comprising at least a textile laminate layer impregnated with settable synthetic material which is unsettable in the folded state of said flexible thin-walled superficial structure. 11. The antenna package as defined in claim 10, further including; a plurality of housing shells; an antenna feed mast enclosed by said antenna shroud and having a socket component; said socket component having a plurality of hinged joints for outwardly pivotably mounting said plurality of housing shells; and the antenna package being packed as a tower and surrounded by said plurality of housing shells. 12. A method of fabricating an inflatable reflector antenna for deployment in outer space, comprising the steps of: fabricating an antenna reflector, an antenna radome and a stabilizing annulus from a textile laminate; said step of fabricating said antenna reflector, said antenna radome and said stabilizing annulus entailing employing as said textile laminate for said antenna reflector, said antenna radome and said stabilizing annulus a textile laminate impregnated with a setting component; said step of fabricating said antenna reflector, said antenna radome and said stabilizing annulus entailing employing as said textile laminate for said antenna radome a textile laminate transparent to at least a portion of the electromagnetic spectrum of radiant energy; said step of fabricating said antenna reflector, said antenna radome and said stabilizing annulus entailing applying to an outer side of said antenna reflector a material layer reflective of at least said portion of the electromagnetic spectrum of radiant energy; said step of fabricating said antenna reflector, said antenna radome and said stabilizing annulus entailing fabricating said antenna reflector such that said antenna reflector defines a focal point; assembling said antenna reflector, said antenna radome and said stabilizing annulus to form an inflatable envelope defining the reflector antenna and an internal void thereof; mounting an antenna feed mast conjointly with said inflatable envelope to an interface socket of said antenna feed mast such that a feed head of said antenna feed mast is at said focal point of said antenna reflector; providing said internal void and said stabilizing annulus with conduit means for introducing a pressurized gaseous agent; and wrapping said inflatable envelope around said antenna feed mast in a series of folded pleats to form a compact package ready for deployment in outer space by inflation with said pressurized gaseous agent and in conjunction therewith setting said setting component to form a rigid antenna structure. 13. A method of deploying a reflector antenna in outer space, comprising the steps of: transporting beyond the atmosphere an antenna package comprising an antenna feed mast and an inflatable envelope made of a textile laminate and wrapped around said antenna feed mast in a series of folded pleats ready for deployment; said inflatable envelope comprising an antenna reflector, an antenna radome and a stabilizing annulus; said textile laminate being impregnated with a setting component which is unsettable in the antenna package; inflating said inflatable envelope to impart thereto a desired spatial configuration of the reflector antenna and conjointly therewith inflating said stabilizing annulus of said inflatable envelope for stabilizing said desired spatial configuration; and in conjunction with said inflating step, setting said setting component. 14. The method as defined in claim 13, wherein: said step of inflating said inflatable envelope entails employing a pressurized gaseous agent comprising a catalyzing agent for enhancing said step of setting said setting component. 15. A reflector antenna for deployment in outer space, comprising: an antenna feed mast having a first end provided with an interface socket for attachment to a transport vehicle and a second end remote from said first end and provided with a feed head for the reflector antenna; an antenna reflector, an antenna radome and a stabilizing annulus conjointly defining an inflatable envelope; said inflatable envelope having an initial folded state in which said inflatable envelope is wrapped around said antenna feed mast to form a compact antenna package for transport into outer space; said inflatable envelope having a terminal deployed state in which said inflatable envelope is inflated to form a desired spatial configuration of the reflector antenna defining a focal point of said antenna reflector and in which said feed head is at said focal point; at least said antenna reflector and said antenna radome comprising a textile laminate impregnated with a setting component; said antenna reflector being coated on at least one side with a material reflective of at least a portion of the electromagnetic spectrum of radiant energy; said antenna radome comprising a textile laminate transparent to at least said portion of the electromagnetic spectrum; said inflatable envelope defining a first internal void and said stabilizing annulus defining a second internal void which is separate from said first void; and flexible conduit means operatively connecting said first and second internal voids with said interface socket for introducing a pressurized gaseous agent from the transport vehicle into said first and second internal voids for inflating said inflatable envelope into said terminal deployed state and in conjunction therewith setting said setting component to rigidify said desired spatial configuration of the reflector antenna. 16. The reflector antenna as defined in claim 15, wherein: said setting component comprises a setting resin. 17. The reflector antenna as defined in claim 15, wherein: said setting component comprises a setting component capable of setting under the influence of solar radiation. 18. The reflector antenna as defined in claim 15, wherein: said setting component comprises a setting component capable of setting under the influence of a catalyzing gas. 