An evaporative roof cooling system for placement upon a roof surface exposed to relatively high levels of solar radiation. The system includes water distribution piping and a plurality of mist/spray nozzles positioned on the roof surface for supplying a uniform spray of water thereover to lay down a substantially uniform thin film of water on the roof surface. A solenoid-controlled valve controls the supply of water to the system over periods during which the temperature of the roof surface is measured to be within a predetermined temperature range. A thermistor, encapsulated in an expoxy block, is affixed to the roof surface and monitors and measures the actual roof temperature. Cooling systems control circuitry, in electric communication with the thermistor and the solenoid-controlled valve, compares the electric resistance value developed by the thermistor and a range of current values related to the predetermined temperature range and directs the opening of such valve when the termister senses the high point temperature of such range and the closing of such valve when the thermister senses the low point temperature of such range whereby the mist/sprays of water discharged from the nozzles evaporatively cool the roof surface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An evaporative roof cooling system for placement upon a roof surface exposed to relatively high levels of solar radiation causing high under roof temperatures and comprising: (a) a plurality of water distribution mist/spray nozzles positioned on said roof surface for supplying substantially uniform mist/sprays of water thereto to lay down a substantially uniform thin film of water on said roof surface; (b) conduit means on said one said roof surface for supplying said nozzles with water; (c) solenoid-controlled valve means in water flow communication with said conduit means to supply controlled quantities of water to said nozzles through said conduit means over periods during which the temperature of said roof surface is measured to be within a predetermined temperature range; (d) temperature measurement means comprised of a thermistor encapsulated in an epoxy block in direct contact with said roof surface for monitoring and measuring the actual temperature of said surface substantially by thermal conductivity and developing an electrical resistance value in direct relationship with the temperature of said surface, said temperature measurement means having a solar radiation reflective cover protecting said means from direct solar radiation heating thereof and being affixed to said roof surface by a like epoxy adhesive; and (e) cooling system control means in electric comunication with the temperature measurement means for comparing the electric resistance value developed by said temperature measurement means and a range of current values related to said predetermined temperature range, said control means including pulse action timer means in electric communication with the solenoid-controlled valve means for initiating the cyclic pulse opening and closing of said valve when the electric resistance value developed by said temperature measurement means reaches or exceeds the high point of said predetermined temperature range and for terminating the cyclic pulse opening and closing of said valve when the electric resistance value developed by said temperature measurement means reaches the low point of said predetermined temperature range whereby the cyclically pulsed mist/sprays of water discharged from said nozzles evaporatively cool the roof surface between the high point and the low point of said temperature range and whereby puddling of water on said roof surface is substantially avoided and evaporative efficiency is increased. 2. The evaporative roof cooling system as claimed in claim 1 wherein the pulse action timer means cyclically pulses the opening and closing of the solenoid-controlled valve means for periods of from 0.5 to 1.5 minutes per cycle over the period from initation of the cyclic pulse opening and closing of said valve to the termination of the cyclic pulse opening and closing of said valve. 3. The evaporative roof cooling system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said mist/spray nozzles are desinged and oriented to provide mist/sprays of water above said roof to intercept in part solar radiation before it reaches the roof surfaces. 4. The evaporative roof cooling system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said system cools said roof surface to within 10.degree. to 12.degree. F. of the wet bulb temperature in the vicinity of said surface. 