A support and maneuvering device includes an elongated flexible inflatable enclosure having a fixed end and a movable end. The movable end is collapsible toward the fixed end to a contracted position when the enclosure is in a noninflated condition. Upon inflation, the movable end is movable away from the fixed end to an extended position. The movable end includes means for mounting an article such as a solar reflector thereon. The device also includes a plurality of position controlling means disposed about the movable end to effect adjusting movement of portions thereof by predetermined amounts and for controlling an angle at which the article disposed at the movable end is oriented. The plurality of position controlling means limits a suitable number degrees of freedom of the movable end for transmitting a steering motion thereto and for controlling the position thereof.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows: 1. A support and maneuvering device securable to a ground surface and adapted for mounting a mechanism to receive solar energy from the sun, said device comprising: a. flexible, inflatable enclosure having a fixed end and a movable end, the movable end of the enclosure being collapsible toward the fixed end to a contracted position when said enclosure is in a noninflated condition, and said movable end being movable away from said fixed end to an extended position when said enclosure is in an inflated condition; b. means for mounting said solar energy receiving mechanism to said movable end; c. means for inflating said enclosure to any selected position between said contracted position and a fully extended position; d. at least three position controlling means disposed about said movable end to adjust said movable end in conjunction with said inflation means by predetermined amounts to control the angle and attitude at which said solar energy receiving mechanism is oriented relative to the position of the sun and said ground surface, said position controlling means limiting a selected number of degrees of freedom of said movable end to transmit a steering motion to said movable end to continuously control the angular position thereof; and e. at least two of said position controlling means comprising adjustable, position controlling means, each one of said adjustable position controlling means being connected to different corresponding portions of said movable end to move said different corresponding portions of said movable end said predetermined amounts and bending said enclosure to control the angle at which said movable end is oriented relative to the sun to continuously optimize the desired angle and attitude of said solar energy receiving mechanism relative to the sun. 2. A device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said position controlling means limit at least five degrees of freedom of said movable end. 3. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein all of said position controlling means comprise adjustable, position, controlling means. 4. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least one of said position controlling means comprises a nonadjustable restraining means connected to a corresponding portion of said enclosure for moving said corresponding portion in a manner to assist said adjustable, position controlling means in controlling the angle at which said movable end is being oriented. 5. The device as claimed in claim 4, further including a mounting ring disposed about the movable end of said enclosure, said mounting ring including a plurality of circumferentially, spaced-apart connection members, each one of said position controlling means being connected to one of said connection member, said plurality of connection members being positioned and spaced about said movable end in a manner to assist said position controlling means in providing a steering motion to said movable end in virtually all desired directions. 6. The device as claimed in claim 5, wherein each one of said plurality of connection members comprise fastener means attached to said mounting ring for connection to one of said position controlling means. 7. The device as claimed in claim 5, wherein each one of said position controlling means includes at least one elongated flexible tensile member, each said elongated flexible tensile member being operatively connected between one of said plurality of connection members and means secured to said ground surface. 8. The device as claimed in claim 7, wherein said monadjustable restraining means includes at least one said elongated flexible tensile member, and wherein each of said adjustable position controlling means includes at least two of said elongated flexible tensile members, each of said elongated flexible tensile members for each said position controlling means having first regions thereof commonly connected to a single corresponding one of said plurality of connection members and having second regions connected to said ground surface securing means. 9. The device as claimed in claim 7, wherein said nonadjustable restraining means includes at least two of said elongated flexible tensile members, said elongated flexible tensile members of said nonadjustable restraining means having first regions thereof commonly connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of connection members and having second regions connected to said ground surface securing means. 10. The device as claimed in claim 7, wherein each one of said adjustable position controlling means include a pair of said elongated flexible tensile members, each one of said two elongated flexible tensile members for a first pair of said adjustable controlling members having a first region connected to one of said plurality of connection members, and having a second region connected to said ground surface, each one of said two elongated flexible tensile members for the remaining pair of said adjustable controlling members having a first region connected to a different corresponding one of said plurality of connection members and having a second region connected to said ground surface. 11. The device as claimed in claim 10, wherein said at least one nonadjustable restraining means includes at least two of said elongated tensile members, each one of said at least two elongated flexible tensile members of said nonadjustable restraining means having first regions commonly connected to a single corresponding one of said plurality of connection members and having second regions connected to said ground region. 12. A device as claimed in claim 7 wherein said nonadjustable restraining means includes at least three of said elongated flexible tensile members, said at least three elongated flexible tensile members for said nonadjustable restraining means being located within said inflatable enclosure, each one of said three elongated flexible tensile means having a first terminal end connected to different corresponding one of said plurality of connection points and having opposed terminal ends connected to a common portion of said ground surface so as to form an inverted tripod-like configuration. 13. The device as claimed in claim 7, wherein each one of said position controlling means comprises a pair of said elongated flexible tensile members, each said pair of elongated flexible tensile members having frist regions thereof connected to different corresponding ones of said plurality of connection members at said movable end and having second regions connected to said ground surface securing means. 14. The device as claimed in claim 13, wherein each one of said adjustable position controlling means includes a drive means for lengthening and shortening each said pair of elongated tensile members at predetermined amounts, the angle at which said movable end is being oriented corresponding to said predetermined amounts that said drive means effects in shortening and lengthening each said pair of elongated tensile members, said drive means being spaced from said movable end and being operatively connected between an associated pair of said elongated tensile flexible members and said ground surface for effecting said lengthening and shortening of said pair of elongated tensile members. 15. The device as claimed in claim 14, wherein said nonadjustable restraining means includes only one flexible tensile member, said nonadjustable restraining means further including a spring means for assisting the two drive means for said adjustable position controlling means in lengthening and shortening each said pair of elongated tensile members, said spring means being operatively connected intermediate said particular connection point for said at least one nonadjustable restraining means and said ground surface. 16. The device as claimed in claim 15, wherein at least one of said adjustable, position, controlling means includes a spring means for assisting said adjustable, position, controlling means in lengthening and shortening each said pair of elongated tensile members, said spring means being connected in series with one of said elongated tensile members of said pair of elongated tensile members associated therewith. 17. The device as claimed in claim 14, wherein a first one of said adjustable, position controlling means include a pair of elongated flexible tensile members, each elongated flexible tensile member for the first one of said adjustable, position controlling means having a first region thereof commonly connected to a single corresponding common connection member of said plurality of connection members and a separate region thereof connected to a roller means, said drive means associated with said first one of said adjustable, position controlling means being connected intermediate to each one of the roller means for said pair of elongated flexible tensile members, and said two roller means being spaced-apart and connected to said ground surface. 18. The device as claimed in claim 17, wherein the remaining one of said at least two adjustable, position, controlling means includes a pair of elongated tensile members, each elongated flexible tensile members of said pair for said remaining adjustable, position, controlling means having a first terminal end connected to a different corresponding one of said plurality of connection members and having an opposed terminal end connected to a corresponding one of said two spaced-apart roller means, said drive means associated with said remaining adjustable, position, controlling means being connected intermediate said two spaced-apart roller means. 19. A method for supporting and adjustably maneuvering a device to receive solar energy from the sun, said method comprising: a. providing a flexible inflatable enclosure with a base end for mounting to a ground surface and a movable end for receiving the solar energy receiver thereon; b. having said movable end collapsible toward the base end, when the enclosure is noninflated, and having said movable end movable away from said base end to a predetermined extended position, when said enclosure is in an inflated condition; c. securing the base end of said enclosure to a fixed base; d. providing said enclosure with a plurality of position controlling means for moving different portions of said movable end by predetermined amounts and bending said enclosure to control an angle and attitude at which said solar energy receiving mechanism on said movable end is oriented relative to the position of the sun and the ground surface; e. arranging each one of said plurality of position controlling means about said enclosure so as to limit a suitable number of degrees of freedom of said movable end to transmit a steering motion to said movable end and control the angle and attitude position thereof; f. operatively coupling said plurality of position controlling means between said ground surface and said inflatable enclosure; g. inflating said enclosure; and h. adjustably steering said movable end in a desired direction using said plurality of position controlling means to selectively move said different portions of said movable end and bend said enclosure in suitable directions to control the angle and attitude at which said movable end is oriented relative to the sun continuously optimize the desired angle and attitude of the solar energy receiving mechanism relative to the sun. 