A meter for determining the integrated effect of the exposure of human skin to the sun's ultra-violet radiation by means that provide an instrument cheap enough to use on a wide scale. The World Health Organization sees "the greatest value" in a suitable instrument. The solar radiation is passed through a UV filter to a fused silica tube containing a disulphide solution which, under the action of ultra violet (UV) radiation, displays a wavelength response similar to that of the erythemal action spectrum.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An integrating device comprising means for monitoring solar erythemal radiation said means comprising a disulphide chemical in solution which undergoes a photochemical change, the extent of the change depending on the dose of erythemal UV radiation to which the device has been exposed, said disulphide chemical dissolved in a solvent capable of readily donating hydrogen atoms and which is completely transparent to UV radiation of wavelengths longer than 295 nm. 2. A device as claimed in claim 1 in which the disulphide is a dialkyl disulphide having a high molecular weight. 3. A device as claims in claim 2 wherein this solvent is methylcyclopentane. 4. A device as claimed in claim 1 wherein said device further comprises is contained in a UV transparent solution container. 5. A device as claimed in claim 3 further comprising a UV filter between the container and the source of erythemal UV radiation, wherein said UV filter has a transmission spectrum which, combined with the absorption spectrum of the disulphide, gives a wavelength response for the complete device which matches the erythemal action spectrum of the skin. 6. A device as claimed in claim 1 in which oxygen is removed from the disulphide solution and the solution container is made of material which prevents oxygen from re-entering the solution prior to, and over the period of exposure to UV radiation. 7. A device as claimed in claim 1 where products of photoreactions occurring in the actinometer do not absorb in the UV spectral region in such a way as to alter the response spectrum of the disulphide solution to external radiation in the wavelength range from 295 nm to 340 nm. 8. A device as claimed in claim 1 wherein the means for monitoring the integrated intensity of solar erythemal UV radiation comprises means for measuring the quantity of disulphide which has disappeared from the solution. 9. A device as claimed in claim 1 wherein the means for monitoring the integrated intensity of solar erythemal UV radiation comprises means for measuring the amount of one of the products formed after exposure of the device to solar radiation. 10. A device as claimed in claim 6, wherein the solution container is made of fused silica. 