A manually operable, portable, digitizing wand adapted to replicate an image on an image-bearing surface when moved across said surface. The portable wand includes an array of photosensitive elements fabricated from thin film semi-conductor alloy material. Each of the elements are non-light transmissive, non-apertured, continuous and adapted to receive illumination from a corresponding small area portion of an image-bearing surface and generate detectable electrical signals representative of the amount of received illumination. Light is proximity focused onto the array of photosensitive elements from corresponding small area portions of the surface and the portable wand is sized and shaped to provide for manual movement across the image on the image-bearing surface.
Claims We claim: 1. Portable wand means adapted to provide electrical signals representative of an image on an image-bearing surface, said wand means including an array of photosensitive elements fabricated from thin film semiconductor alloy material; each of said elements being non-light transmissive, non-apertured, continuous and adapted to receive light from a corresponding small area portion of an image-bearing surface and generate a detectable electrical signal representative of the amount of received light; the improvement comprising, in combination: said array including at least one column of photosensitive elements operatively disposed so as to cover at least a portion of at least one dimension of an image-bearing surface; spacing means for closely positioning said photosensitive elements in juxtaposed relation relative to an image-bearing surface so as to proximity focus light onto said photosensitive elements from corresponding small area portions of said surface; and said portable wand means sized and shaped so as to provide for manual movement across the image on said image-bearing surface. 2. Apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said spacing means includes a protective cover layer underlying said array of photosensitive elements; said cover layer formed of a transparent abrasion-resistant material selected from the group consisting essentially of a silicon-carbon alloy, a silicon-nitride alloy, a silicon-oxygen alloy, microcrystalline carbon, and combinations thereof. 3. Apparatus as in claim 2, further including shielding means operatively disposed between the lower electrode of said array of photosensitive elements and said protective cover layer, said shielding means adapted to prevent the build-up of a large static charge; and said shielding means fabricated from a material selected from the group consisting essentially of an oxide of indium, tin, zinc, zirconium, cadmium, gold, silver, aluminum, copper, and combinations thereof. 4. Apparatus as in claim 3, wherein said shielding means is electrically connected to ground potential. 5. Apparatus as in claim 1, wherein the photosensitive elements are fabricated from a thin film semiconductor alloy material selected from the group consisting essentially of a silicon alloy, a germanium alloy, and combinations thereof. 6. Apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said photosensitive elements are fabricated as P-I-N type photovoltaic cells. 7. Apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said photosensitive elements are fabricated as P-I-N type photoresistors. 8. Apparatus as in claim 1, further including isolation means associated with each of said photosensitive elements for facilitating the selective addressing of discrete elements. 9. Apparatus as in claim 8, wherein each isolation means is a diode. 10. Apparatus as in claim 8, wherein each isolation means is a thin film transistor. 11. Apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said portable wand means includes means for projecting light onto said image-bearing surface. 12. Apparatus as in claim 11, wherein said light projection means is of a length substantially coextensive with the length of said array of photosensitive elements. 13. Apparatus as in claim 8, wherein each of the photosensitive elements further includes first and second electrodes. 14. Apparatus as in claim 13, wherein each of the first electrodes of said photosensitive elements are formed upon said substrate as distinct, substantially transparent, thin film, conductive pads; and each photosensitive element and the associated isolation means thereof are formed upon and electrically interconnected by said conductive pad. 15. Apparatus as in claim 14, wherein said substrate is transparent and the conductive pads of said photosensitive elements are spacedly disposed so that light passes through said substrate and between and around said conductive pads to illuminate said image-bearing surface. 16. Apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said array is a 1-dimensional matrix of photosensitive elements adapted for manual movement past said image-bearing surface for the line-by-line scanning thereof. 17. Apparatus as in claim 16, wherein said portable wand means includes roller means for frictionally engaging a surface of said image-bearing surface. 18. Apparatus as in claim 17, wherein audible or video signalling means are coupled to said roller means for providing a signal indicative of the speed of movement of said roller means along said surface. 19. Apparatus as in claim 1, further including downstream processing means to which the electrical signals generated by said photosensitive elements of said portable wand means are transmitted. 20. Apparatus as in claim 19, wherein the processing means are selected from the group consisting essentially of a memory buffer, a display, a computer terminal, a monitor, a copier system, a CAD-CAM system, and combinations thereof. 