A musical shoe comprises an upper portion attached to a sole portion including a heel and a movable band attached to the upper portion of the shoe for holding it to the foot of a wearer when the band is moved to a closed position, and for effecting removal of the shoe from the foot when the band is moved to an opened position. A circuit panel is mounted on the upper portion of the shoe for producing a speaker drive signal when activated. A speaker is mounted on the shoe and is responsive to a speaker drive signal produced by the circuit panel, for producing an audio signal. A power supply, in the form of a photovoltaic cell, is provided for activating the circuit panel only in response to movement of the band to its opened position.
Claims I claim: 1. A shoe comprising: (a) an upper portion attached to a sole portion, a movable band attached to the upper portion of the shoe for holding it to the foot of a wearer when the band is moved to a closed position, and for effecting removal of the shoe from the foot when the band is moved to an opened position, and means for releasably holding the band in its closed position; (b) a circuit panel mounted on said upper portion for providing a speaker drive signal when activated; (c) a speaker mounted in said shoe for producing an audio signal in response to a speaker drive signal produced by said circuit panel; and (d) a power supply for activating said circuit panel only in response to movement of said band to its opened position; (e) said power supply being in the form of a photovoltaic cell that is covered by said movable band when the latter is in its closed position and uncovered when the band is in its opened position. 2. A shoe according to claim 1 wherein said means for releasably holding the band in its closed position includes a first Velcro pad on the inside of said band and a second Velcro pad on the outside of the upper portion of the shoe, engageable by the first pad when the band is in its closed position. 3. A shoe according to claim 2 wherein the upper portion of said shoe includes a U-shaped eyelet stay on the instep of the upper portion of the shoe that defines an opening in said upper portion through which the foot of a wearer may be inserted into the shoe, and a pair of lateral reinforcing strips extending from the eyelet stay to the sole, said circuit panel being positioned beneath one of the reinforcing strips. 4. A shoe according to claim 3 wherein said speaker is positioned in the heel of the shoe. 5. A shoe according to claim 3 wherein the speaker is positioned under one of the reinforcing straps. 6. A shoe according to claim 3 wherein said speaker is positioned under the same reinforcing strap as the circuit panel. 7. A shoe according to claim 6 wherein the portion of the reinforcing strip overlying the speaker is provided with a plurality of holes. 8. A method for signaling that a movable band that holds the foot of a wearer in a shoe has become loose comprising the steps of: (a) mounting on the shoe a circuit panel that produces a speaker drive signal when activated; (b) mounting on the shoe a speaker responsive to a speaker drive signal produced by said circuit panel for producing an audio signal; and (c) mounting on the shoe a power supply in the form of a photovoltaic cell that is exposed to light when the movable band is moved to a loose position for activating said circuit panel only in response to movement of said band to a loose position. 