An integrated hydroponic system including subsystems for support and movement of plants, controlling the atmosphere around the plants and nutrient distribution. The support and movement subsystem features diverging trough-in-trough construction where the interior trough is formed by discrete autoclavable plastic troughs which are slidably removable for sanitation purposes from supporting exterior troughs which in turn support nutrient distribution tubing and a rotatable variable pitch drive screw for moving individual plant holders along the troughs in graduated increments. The atmospheric control system features supply and exhaust ducts under the troughs which establish a blanket of air in the zone proximate to the trough where the temperature, humidity and carbon dioxide concentration are regulated. The nutrient distribution system involves recycling the thermally and component regulated dilute nutrient fluids from a reservoir to the plants and back into the reservoir.
Claims We claim: 1. A trough assembly for a hydroponic farming facility, comprising: a plurality of continuous outer troughs, a plant supporting means engaging and translatable along one of said outer troughs, and a plurality of interior troughs of discrete lengths, contained and slidable within each of said outer troughs, said interior troughs being slidably removable from each of said outer troughs and said interior troughs being designed to contain plant roots supported by said supporting means. 2. An assembly according to claim 1 further comprising a plant moving means for moving the plants supported thereby along the entire length of the outer trough. 3. An assembly according to claim 2 further comprising spaced drainage means being integrated within each outer trough whereby any flowable materials drain from said interior trough into said outer trough and from said outer trough into said drainage means. 4. An assembly according to claim 3 where each outer trough includes an interior shelf for supporting said interior troughs above said drainage means. 5. An assembly according to claim 4 where said shelf comprises roller means for facilitating translation of said interior troughs relative to said outer trough by reducing frictional engagement therebetween. 6. An assembly according to claim 4 wherein said outer trough includes a nutrient distribution means. 7. An assembly according to claim 6 wherein said nutrient distribution means is a first elongated channel extending the length of said outer trough above said interior trough and a length of double-walled tubing at least coextensive with said channel and secured therein. 8. An assembly according to claim 3 wherein each outer trough includes complementary elongated shelves extending substantially the entire length of said outer trough where said shelves serve as a guide for translating and as a support for the interior troughs along the length of the troughg assembly. 9. An assembly according to claim 8 further including a drive means for moving a plant rectilinearly along the length of the trough assembly and a horizontal channel positioned in close proximity to the respective upper edges of each of said outer troughs. 10. An assembly according to claim 9 wherein said drive means is a variable pitch screw and further comprising a plant holder for supporting said plants within said trough assembly, said plant holder having a substantially U-shaped configuration with a base and two legs where the base substantially abuts said screw and a portion of the legs is slidably received within said horizontal channel to translate therealong. 11. An assembly according to claim 10 wherein said plant holder features an elongated groove formed within the base and a lug projecting from the base for directly engaging the threads of said screw whereby upon rotation of said screw, the plant holder translates therealong. 12. A device according to claim 10 further comprising a cover means for securing said plant holder to said screw, said cover means being securable to the upper edge of said outer trough and having a lip complementary to and projecting into said groove and said plant holder. 13. A trough assembly according to claim 12 where a predetermined length of said outer trough constitutes a vertically projecting wall where the top of the wall is parallel to the drive screw. 14. An assembly according to claim 13 further including a two channel, transition holder capable of fitting over the upper edge of the outer trough wall and which permits the plant holders to engage the said drive screw to translate along the trough assembly. 15. An assembly according to claim 14 wherein said transition holder is composed of flexible and resilient plastic and where the upper channel includes a downwardly projecting lip, said plant holder includes grooves at the end of the legs where said grooves are parallel to the base groove and complement the projecting lip of the transition holder to be slidably secured thereto. 16. An assembly according to claim 1 further comprising a rectilinear drive means for moving a plant along the length of the trough assembly. 17. An assembly according to claim 16 wherein said drive system comprises a variable pitch screw connected to and rotated by an electric motor. 18. An assembly according to claim 1 where said interior trough features elongated, interiorly projecting ridges extending along its entire length. 19. An assembly according to claim 1 where said interior trough is composed of autoclavable plastic. 20. A trough assembly according to claim 1 further comprising a nutrient recirculation and provision system including (a) a dilute nutrient reservoir, (b) reservoir temperature control elements including fluid heating means and a thermostat for actuating said heating means, (c) water input pipe, (d) fluid output pipe, (e) at least one pump connected to said output pipe to pump dilute nutrient from said reservoir, (f) fluid distribution means for distributing nutrient to plants in the troughs, (g) fluid collection means for collecting runoff nutrient fluid from the troughs, (h) irradiation means to at least partially sterilize the runoff nutrient fluid, and (i) filter means for filtering the irradiated runoff fluid which filtrate is retruned to said nutrient reservoir. 21. In a hydroponic plant growth and farming system, a trough subsystem having a planting end and a harvest end defined by a plurality of continuous exterior support troughs, a plurality of removable, interior troughs of discrete lengths slidable within each of said exterior troughs, individual plant holders supported by said exterior troughs, and plant holder moving means for translating said plant holders along the length of each of said exterior troughs; an atmospheric control subsystem incorporating means for establishing a controlled atmospheric blanket around said trough subsystem, said atmospheric control sybsystem including thermal control means for controlling the blanket temperature and distribution means for establishing controlled airflow over the entire length of said exterior troughs, and a nutrient and water distribution subsystem including a reservoir containing diluted nutrient, a pump, and distribution means substantially coextensive with each of said exterior support troughs and supported thereby. 22. A hydroponic system according to claim 21 further comprising controlled lighting system including movable gantries capable of movement in a manner to provide substantially uniform light along the length of exterior trough. 23. A hydroponic system according to claim 21 where said exterior troughs diverge from the planting end. 24. A hydroponic system according to claim 23 where the exterior troughs are spaced on approximately two inch centers at the planting end and six inch centers at the harvest end. 25. A hydroponic system according to claim 24, where said moving means includes a rotating variable pitch screw secured to said exterior trough and said plant holder is engagable with said screw to move therealong. 26. A hydroponic system according to claim 23 where said plant holder moving means graduates the spacing between said plant holders in said exterior troughs, where the spacing increases as the plant holders move from the planting end to the harvest end. 27. A hydroponic system according to claim 21 further comprising a plurality of shrouded passageways under said trough subsystem for distributing the thermally conditioned atmosphere where each passageway contains at least one apertured conduit having a slightly negative air pressure therein. PG,35 28. A hydroponic system according to claim 27 where said atmospheric subsystem includes a fan for generating positive air pressure along its front face and negative air pressure at its back face where said positively pressured air is directed through a water containing radiator, the water flow being controlled by a thermostat positioned in close proximity to said exterior troughs and the water being warmed during terrestrially cool days and cooled during terrestrially warm days by a combination of conventional and solar heating elements. 29. A hydroponic system according to claim 28 further comprising means for monitoring and regulating the carbon dioxide atmospheric concentration. 30. A hydroponic system according to claim 21 where said nutrient distribution subsystem further includes means for controlling the temperature of said diluted nutrient, means for filtering particles from said nutrient solution and means for at least partially sterilizing said nutrient. 31. A hydroponic system according to claim 30 where said distribution means is integrated with and supported by said exterior trough and said nutrient is directed from said distribution means and into said interior troughs. 32. A hydroponic system according to claim 31 where said nutrient distribution system includes a means for collecting expended nutrient from said interior troughs, and recirculating said nutrient to said reservoir. 33. A hydroponic system according to claim 21 where said interior troughs are composed of autoclavable plastic and the base thereof defines continuous, elongated, interiorly projecting ridges. 34. A hydroponic system according to claim 33 further including a second trough subsystem and transition holder means to facilitate transfer of plant holders from one trough subsystem to said second trough subsystem. 35. A hydroponic system according to claim 21 further comprising fiber optic lighting system closely associated with said trough subsystem to illuminate plants contained therein. 36. A hydroponic plant growth system according to claim 1 where the nutrient and water distrbution system includes (a) reservoir temperature control elements including fluid heating means and a thermostat for actuating said heating means, (b) water input pipe, (c) fluid output pipe, (d) said pump connected to said output pipe to pump dilute nutrient from said reservoir, (e) fluid distribution means for distributing nutrient to plants in the troughs, (f) fluid collection means for collecting runoff nutrient fluid from the troughs, (g) irradiation means to at least partially sterilize the runoff nutrient fluid, and (h) filter means for filtering the irradiated runoff fluid which filtrate is returned to said nutrient reservoir. 37. A system according to claim 36 further comprising a concentrated nutrient tank in fluid communication with said reservoir. 38. A system according to claim 37 where said heating means is a discrete hot water heater in fluid communication with said reservoir. 39. A system according to claim 36 further comprising a microfilter means disposed between said reservoir and said fluid distribution means for filtering the nutrient. 40. A system according to claim 39 where said fluid distribution means is a double walled tube. 41. A system according to claim 36 where said irradiation means is an ultra-violet light source. 42. An atmospheric control system associated with a multitude of elongated troughs all lying in a plane, for hydroponic farming, comprising: (a) a primary intake duct, (b) a primary output duct, (c) a plurality of shrouded conduits essentially coextensive with and underlying a selected number of troughs, (d) at least one supply outlet underlying said troughs and associated with each shrouded conduit in atmospheric communication with said primary output duct, (e) at least one exhaust duct underlying said trough, associated with each shrouded conduit and in atmospheric communication with said primary intake duct, each exhaust duct having apertures spaced therealong to provide a substantially uniform flow of air from a zone around the troughs and into the exhaust duct, and (f) fan means for moving air through said primary intake duct and into said primary output duct. 43. A system according to claim 42 further comprising thermal control means for controlling the temperature of air flowing through said primary intake duct. 44. A system according to claim 43 where said control means comprises a thermostat positioned substantially at plant level and a radiator where heat content of the radiator is controlled by the thermostat when the temperature of the air circulating around the troughs drops below a preset temperature. 45. A system according to claim 43 where said thermostat control means incorporates a heater tank in which warm water circulates to a radiator disposed proximate to and ahead of said fan means. 46. A system according to claim 45 where said water contained in the water tank is heated by a combination of solar and conventional heating means. 47. A system according to claim 46 where said conventional heating means includes a heat pump, cooling tower, and furnace. 48. A system according to claim 47 where heating by the heat pump and furnace is coordinated with solar heat collecting means. 49. A system according to claim 42 where said supply outlet is an apertured duct disposed within the shrouded conduit and beneath said exhaust duct. 50. A system according to claim 49 where the primary intake and the primary outlet ducts underly, are perpendicular to and bisect the elongated troughs and the one supply outlet and one exhaust duct underly a selected of troughs at the planting end and one supply outlet and two exhaust ducts underly the selected number of troughs at the harvest end. 51. A system according to claim 50 further including means for regulating the carbon dioxide concentration in the zone around the troughs. 52. A system according to claim 42 further including means for monitoring and regulating the carbon dioxide concentration in the zone around the troughs. 53. An atmospheric control system according to claim 42 further comprising a nutrient recirculation and provision system for providing nutrients to plants in troughs including (a) a dilute nutrient reservoir, (b) reservoir temperature control elements including fluid heating means and a thermostat for actuating said heating means, (c) water input pipe, (d) fluid output pipe, (e) at least one pump connected to said output pipe to pump dilute nutrient from said reservoir, (f) fluid distribution means for distributing nutrient to plants in the troughs, (g) fluid collection means for collecting runoff nutrient fluid from the troughs, (h) irradiation means to at least partially sterilize the runoff nutrient fluid, and (i) filter means for filtering the irradiated runoff fluid which filtrate is returned to said nutrient reservoir. 