A thermal insulating shade is made up of a plurality of panels, spaced apart and defining a serpentine air flow path between them. A blower connected to the air flow path ventilates the shade to augment its insulating effect. As least one of the panels has a highly reflective surface to reflect heat. The shade is reversible and removable and useful for insulating building windows and vehicle windows and windshields.
Claims I claim: 1. Thermal insulating shade to be placed adjacent to and substantially overlaying the interior surface of an area to be insulated, the exterior surface of said area being exposed to variable weather conditions including sun's heat and winter's cold, the thermal insulating shade being both reversible and removable and comprising: a plurality of panels, at least one of which has a highly reflective surface on one side thereof, said panels being shaped to conform in size and shape to the interior surface of the area to be insulated; means for supporting said panels in spaced, substantially parallel relationship to each other to provide air space therebetween; means for releasably mounting said plurality of panels in substantially parallel spaced relationship to the interior surface of the area to be insulated, so that one side of the thermal shade is insulated from the heat or cold prevailing on the other side thereof by reflection of said highly reflective surface, as well as by the insulating effect of said air space between said panels; and means for circulating air through said air space to increase the insulative effect of the thermal shade, said air space being divided into a path for the flow of air provided between said panels, said path being longer than the distance from one end to the other of said panels, said path being provided by attaching each of said panels to its adjacent panel in parallel spaced lines to form air passages therebetween in such a way that each of said spaced attachment lines are terminated short of alternately opposite edges of the thermal shade, leaving openings for the passage of air from one said air passage to the next at alternating edges of the thermal shade. 2. A thermal shade as defined by claim 1, wherein said means for circulating air comprises a blower for causing air flow through said longer air path from one end of the shade to the other thereby to improve the insulating ability of the shade. 3. A thermal shade as defined by claim 1, wherein said means for circulating air through the shade further comprises: air inlet means and air outlet means located at opposite ends of the shade; said air blower being operatively connected to supply air to said air inlet means; a motor for driving said air blower; storage battery means connected to said motor by a circuit containing a first actuating switch for energizing said motor when said first switch is closed; and an auxiliary battery-charging circuit for said battery, including which comprises: a second actuating switch; and a solar cell battery for energizing said storage battery when said second actuating switch is closed. 4. A thermal shade as defined by claim 1, for shielding a confined area from the sun's heat, further comprising: means for supplying cool air to said air space between said plurality of panels of the thermal shade positioned in the confined area, which comprises: an air blower; a motor to actuate said blower; and circuit means including a solar cell battery for connecting and for energizing said air blower and said motor to supply cool air to the shade, whereby air in the confined area that tends to be heated by the sun is, in effect, also cooled by virtue of energy derived from the sun, as well as by reflection of the sun's rays away from the confined area by said highly reflective surface on said plurality of panels of the thermal shade. 5. A thermal shade in accordance with claim 1, wherein said at least one highly reflective surface may be positioned to face outwardly in hot weather to reflect away the heat of the sun, and wherein the shade may be reversed in cold weather so that said at least one highly reflective surface faces inwardly to reflect the interior warmth to the inside, said air space between said plurality of panels further enchancing the insulative effectiveness of the shade in both instances. 6. Thermal insulating shade in accordance with claim 1, wherein said interior surface of the area to be insulated on which the thermal shade is to be mounted in spaced substantially parallel relationship comprises a window. 7. Thermal insulating shade in accordance with claim 1, wherein said interior surface of the area to be insulated on which the thermal shade is to be mounted in spaced substantially parallel relationship comprises a roof. 8. Thermal insulating shade in accordance with claim 1, wherein said interior surface of the area to be insulated on which the thermal shade is to be mounted in spaced substantially parallel relationship comprises a vehicle windshield. 9. Thermal insulating shade in accordance with claim 6, wherein said window comprises a vehicle window. 