A laser diode circuit has a photodiode which monitors the light output which is outputted by the laser diode and generates a photovoltaic current that corresponds to the level of the light output, a reference current selection device which selects a required reference current by switching among a plurality of reference current sources that are set to values of mutually different current values, and an amplifying apparatus which, by receiving a signal that corresponds to the photovoltaic current, controls the forward current of the laser diode so as to bring the photovoltaic current to a selected reference current. Instead of the above construction, there may be employed a construction which has a voltage transforming selector which generates a photovoltaic current signal voltage that corresponds to the photovoltaic current, a reference voltage selection device which selects a required reference voltage by switching among a plurality of reference voltage sources that are set to values of mutually different reference voltages, and an amplifying apparatus which, by receiving the photovoltaic current signal voltage and a selected reference voltage, controls the forward current of the laser diode so as to bring the photovoltaic current signal voltage equal to the selected reference voltage.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A laser diode driving circuit comprising: generating means for monitoring light output from a laser diode and having a photodiode for generating a photovoltaic current that is proportional to the level of the light output; a plurality of reference current sources respectively set to separate reference current values; current selecting means, disposed corresponding to the plurality of reference current sources, for selecting a required reference current proportional to the level of the light output by switching the plurality of reference current sources; and control means for inputting a signal that corresponds to the photovoltaic current and for controlling the forward current of the laser diode so as to set the photovoltaic current to be equal to a selected reference current, said control means having a first input terminal for inputting a signal based on the operation of the photodiode and the current selecting means, a second input terminal having a substantially constant potential, and an output terminal for outputting to the laser diode a signal based on the input signals of the first and second input terminals. 2. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 1 wherein said control means comprises an operational amplifier, and the output terminal of the operational amplifier is connected to the laser diode. 3. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 1 wherein said current selecting means has a multipolar switch connected to said control means and the generating means, and the plurality of reference current sources being connected to the multipolar switch. 4. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 1 wherein said current selecting means has a plurality of switches connected to the control means and the generating means, and the plurality of reference current sources being connected to the multipolar switch. 5. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 1 wherein said current selecting means has a plurality of differential pairs connected to the control means and the generating means, and a plurality of second transistors connected to the differential pair transistors. 6. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 1 wherein said current selecting means has a transistor connected to the control means and the generating means, and a second control means connected to the transistor. 7. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 1 wherein said current selecting means comprises a switch and a constant current source. 8. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 7 wherein said constant current source comprises a resistor. 9. A laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 1, wherein said reference current sources comprise a plurality of resistors, and said current selecting means comprises a rotary switch electrically connected to the photodiode for selecting the required reference current by switching the plurality of resistors. 10. A laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 1, wherein said current selecting means comprises a rotary switch electrically connected to the photodiode for selecting the required reference current by switching the plurality of reference current sources. 11. A laser diode driving circuit comprising: generating means for monitoring light output outputted from a laser diode and having a photodiode for generating a photovoltaic current that is proportional to the level of the light output; voltage converting means for generating a voltage signal that corresponds to the photovoltaic current; a plurality of reference voltage sources respectively set to separate reference voltage values; voltage selecting means, disposed corresponding to the plurality of reference voltage sources, for selecting a required reference voltage proportional to the level of the light output by switching the plurality of separate reference voltage values; and control means for controlling the forward current of the laser diode so as to bring the voltage signal equal to the selected reference voltage, said control means having a first input terminal for inputting a signal based on the operation of the photodiode and the voltage converting means, a second input terminal having a substantially constant potential selected by the voltage selecting means, and an output terminal for outputting to the laser diode a signal based on the input signals of the first and second input terminals. 12. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 11 wherein said control means comprises an operational amplifier the output terminal of which is connected to the laser diode. 13. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 11 wherein said control means comprises an operational amplifier an input terminal of which is connected to the generating means and the voltage connecting means. 14. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 11 wherein said voltage selecting means has a multipolar switch connected to an input terminal of the control means. 15. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 11 wherein said voltage selecting means has a plurality of switches connected to an input terminal of the control means. 16. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 11 wherein said voltage selecting means has a multipolar switch connected to a terminal of the control means, and a current source connected to the multipolar switch. 17. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 11 wherein the output terminal of the control means is connected to a driving transistor connected to the laser diode. 18. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 11 wherein said voltage selecting means has transistor pairs connected to a terminal of the control means, and a current source connected to the transistor pairs. 19. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 17 wherein said control means comprises a transistor pair connected to a power supply and the driving transistor. 20. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 11 wherein said control means comprises a plurality of operational amplifiers, and the output terminal of each operational amplifier is connected to a driving transistor connected to the laser diode. 21. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 20 wherein said voltage selecting means has a plurality of differential transistors connected to a constant current terminal of each operational amplifier, and a constant current source connected to each of the differential transistors. 22. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 20 wherein each of the operational amplifiers comprises paired transistors connected to a power supply and each driving transistor. 23. The laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 11 wherein said voltage selecting means has a plurality of switches in parallel to each other. 24. A laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 11, wherein said reference voltage sources comprise a plurality of resistors, and said voltage selecting means comprises a rotary switch electrically connectable to the respective resistors for selecting the required reference voltage by switching the resistors. 25. A laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 11, wherein said reference voltage sources comprise a plurality of resistors, and said voltage selecting means comprises a plurality of switches electrically connectable to the respective resistors for selecting the required reference voltage by switching the resistors. 26. A laser diode driving circuit as claimed in claim 11, wherein the output terminal of the control means is electrically connected to a driving transistor electrically connected to the laser diode, and said control means further comprises transistor pairs electrically connected to the driving transistor. 27. A laser diode driving circuit comprising: generating means for monitoring light output from a laser diode and having a photodiode for generating a photovoltaic current that is proportional to the level of the light output; reference current selecting means for selecting a required reference current proportional to the level of the light output by switching reference current values and changing the required reference current by changing the voltage of the variable voltage source, said reference current selecting means having a variable voltage source and transistor means operated by the operation of the variable voltage source; and control means for inputting a signal that corresponds to the photovoltaic current and controlling the forward current of the laser diode so as to set the photovoltaic current equal to the selected reference current, said control means having a first input terminal for inputting a signal based on the operation of the photodiode and the transistor means, a second input terminal having a substantially constant potential, and an output terminal for outputting to the laser diode a signal based on the input signals of the first and second input terminals. 