A variable solar control window assembly includes a pair of spaced parallel planar transparent sheets mounted in a frame. An induced transmission filter sheet is selectively movable between the transparent sheets for varying the solar transmission through the window assembly. The filter sheet includes a carrier layer and one or more coating layers, each coating layer formed as a layer of reflective metal material between two layers of dielectric material. The filter sheet can have bearing/protective layers or strips adhered thereto to seal against the frame and to assist in the sliding movement of the filter sheet with respect to the frame. One or both of the transparent sheets can include an anti-lacerative material layer.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A window assembly for controlling solar transmission including a pair of transparent sheets mounted in a frame in spaced apart generally parallel planes, comprising a filter material sheet having a coating of induced transmission filter material over at least a portion of said filter material sheet and mounted for movement in the frame along a path between the transparent sheets, said filter material sheet having relatively high solar visible transmission and substantially less solar transmission outside the visible spectrum over said portion of said filter material sheet; and means for selectively moving said filter material sheet along said path whereby the solar transmission through the assembly is varied. 2. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein the Illuminant A transmission through said filter material is at least seventy percent. 3. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein at least one of the transparent sheets is formed of a first sheet of glass defining an outwardly facing surface, and a sheet of polyvinyl butyral adhered to an inwardly facing surface of said glass, said transparent sheet spaced from said filter material sheet. 4. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said filter material sheet includes five layers, the second and fourth layers are of a reflective metal material and the first, third and fifth layers are of a dielectric material. 5. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said filter material sheet includes a first layer of dielectric material, a second layer of reflective material, and a third layer of dielectric material. 6. The assembly according to claim 5 wherein said filter material sheet includes a fourth layer of dielectric material, a fifth layer of reflective material, and a sixth layer of dielectric material. 7. A window assembly for controlling solar transmission comprising: a frame defining a window aperture; a pair of generally parallel, spaced apart planar transparent sheets mounted in said frame and closing said window aperture; a filter sheet including an induced transmission filter film over at least a portion of said filter sheet and mounted for movement in said frame along a path between said transparent sheets, said filter sheet having at least a seventy percent Illuminant A transmission and substantially less solar transmission outside the visible spectrum over said portion of said filter sheet; and means for selectively moving said filter sheet along said path whereby solar transmission through said window aperture is varied. 8. A window assembly for varying solar transmission having a pair of generally parallel, spaced apart planar transparent sheets mounted in a frame defining a window aperture closure, comprising: an induced transmission filter sheet having a carrier layer and a coating layer, said filter sheet having relatively high solar visible transmission and substantially less solar transmission outside the visible spectrum; means for slidably mounting said filter sheet between transparent sheets mounted in a frame; and means for moving said filter sheet along a predetermined path between the transparent sheets whereby solar transmission through a window aperture defined by the frame is varied. 9. The assembly according to claim 8, wherein said means for slidably mounting includes at least one recess formed in the frame for engaging a peripheral edge portion of said filter sheet and defining said predetermined path. 10. The assembly according to claim 9 wherein said means for slidably mounting includes a sheet of plastic material adhered to said coating layer and abutting a wall of said recess. 11. The assembly according to claim 9 wherein said means for slidably mounting includes a strip of plastic material adhered to said coating layer along said peripheral edge portion and abutting a wall of said recess. 12. The assembly according to claim 9 wherein said means for slidably mounting includes a low coefficient of friction material adhered to both sides of said filter sheet at said peripheral edge portion and abutting opposed walls of said recess. 13. The assembly according to claim 8 wherein said means for moving includes a roller attached to one end of said filter sheet and rotatably mounted in the frame and means for rotating said roller in opposite directions. 14. The assembly according to claim 8 wherein said means for moving includes a pair of rollers each attached to an opposite end of said filter sheet and means for rotating at least one of said rollers in opposite directions. 