A solar power system for an electronic parking meter. At least one solar cell array is connected to the anode of a first diode and at least one current regulating diode has its anode connected to a cathode of the first diode. At least one storage capacitor is connected between a cathode of the current regulating capacitor and ground. At least one second diode has its anode connected to the storage capacitor and has its cathode connected to an input of a voltage regulator. An output of the voltage regulator provides a supply voltage for the electronic parking meter. The input of the voltage regulator is also connected to the cathode of the first diode. A monitor circuit monitors a voltage level at the input of the voltage regulator. A microprocessor is connected to the monitor and when the voltage level decreases below a first threshold, the microprocessor shuts down the electronic parking meter in an orderly manner. When the electronic parking meter is shut down, the voltage regulator outputs a reset signal when the voltage level at the input of the voltage regulator exceeds a second threshold level, the reset signal is received by the microprocessor.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar power system in an electronic parking meter comprising: at least one solar cell array connected to the anode of a first diode; at least one current regulating diode having its anode connected to a cathode of said first diode; at least one storage capacitor connected between a cathode of said current regulating diode and ground; at least one second diode having its anode connected to said storage capacitor and its cathode connected to an input of a voltage regulator, an output of said voltage regulator providing a supply voltage for said electronic parking meter, said input of said voltage regulator also connected to said cathode of said first diode; means for monitoring a voltage level at said input of said voltage regulator; microprocessor connected to said means for monitoring and when said voltage level decreases below a first threshold, said microprocessor shuts down said electronic parking meter in an orderly manner. 2. A solar power system for an electronic parking meter according to claim 1, wherein when said electronic parking meter is shut down, said voltage regulator outputs a reset signal when said voltage level at said input of said voltage regulator exceeds a second threshold level, said reset signal being received by said microprocessor. 3. A solar power system for an electronic parking meter according to claim 1, wherein said means for monitoring is a resistor divider network, a juncture thereof being connected to said microprocessor. 4. A solar power system in an electronic parking meter comprising: at least one solar cell array connected via a first diode to a power bus and for supplying power to said power bus; at least one storage capacitor connected to said power bus via a current limiting diode for charging the capacitor and via a second diode for supply power to said power bus; a voltage regulator having an input connected to said power bus and having a first output for providing a regulated supply voltage to said electronic parking meter and a second output for providing a reset signal to a microprocessor when the microprocessor is powered-down and when a voltage level at said input of said voltage regulator exceeds a second threshold; means for monitoring said voltage level at said input of said voltage regulator and, when said microprocessor is in a standby mode or in an operational mode, providing a signal to said micrprocessor indicative of said voltage level decreasing below a first threshold, said microprocessor then being powered-down. 5. A solar power system for an electronic parking meter according to claim 4, wherein said means for monitoring is a resitor divider network, a juncture thereof being connected to said microprocessor. 6. A solar power system in an electronic parking meter comprising: at least one solar cell array connected to an anode of a first diode; at least one current regulating diode having its anode connected to a cathode of said first diode; at least one storage capacitor connected between a cathode of said current regulating diode and ground; at least one second diode having its anode connected to said storage capacitor and its cathode connected to an input of a voltage regulator, an output of said voltage regulator providing a supply voltage for said electronic parking meter, said input of said voltage regulator also connected to said cathode of said first diode; means for monitoring a voltage level at said input of said voltage regulator; microprocessor connected to said means for monitoring and when said voltage level decreases below a first threshold, said microprocessor shuts down said electronic parking meter in an orderly manner, and when said electronic parking meter is shut down, said voltage regulator outputs a reset signal when said voltage level at said input of said voltage regulator exceeds a second threshold level, said reset signal being received by said microprocessor, said means for monitoring being a resistor divider network, a juncture thereof being connected to said microprocessor. 