A musical mat of the present invention includes a mat portion having a pillow connected to one end thereof. The mat includes a casing with a resilient padding material therein for supporting a person. A pair of speakers are mounted in the pillow and spaced apart so that a person can lie with his head between the speakers. A radio, or other audio transmitting device, is maintained in position within a pocket on the mat, and may be connected to a plug which is electrically connected to the speakers in the pillow, to transmit the audio signal to the speakers. The electrical conductor connecting the plug to the speakers is mounted within the mat casing and within the pillow, such that the wires do not interfere with the person lying on the mat. The pocket for retaining the audio transmitter is selectively fastened to the mat, to allow removal of the pocket and transmitter for use of the mat without the sound system. A series of solar panels is mounted along the upper face of the lower end of the mat, which are selectively electrically connected to allow an audio-transmitter, so as to supply power from the solar panels. A series of transverse and parallel seams are sewn completely through the mat so as to allow the mat to be rolled up into a cylinder without the padding material bunching within the mat casing. In a second embodiment, a fastener strip is mounted along the longitudinal sides, and bottom edge of the mat. A cover blanket is selectively fastened to the fasteners to form a sleeping bag structure.
Claims We claim: 1. In combination: a transportable mat, including a pair of opposite first and second ends, a pair of opposite longitudinal sides, and upper and lower faces; said mat including a casing having resilient padding material enclosed therein; a pillow mounted to the first end of said mat, for supporting a person's head; speaker means mounted within said pillow for producing sound; electrical conductor means electrically connected to said speaker means, mounted within said pillow and extending within said padding in said mat casing to a predetermined location on said mat; and electrical connector means mounted on an end of said electrical conductor means, and extending outwardly through said mat casing for connection to an electronic audio transmitting means, such that audio signals will be transmitted to said speakers when connected to said connector means. 2. The combination of claim 1, further comprising means for removably mounting audio transmitting means on said mat, located on said mat casing adjacent said electrical connector means. 3. The combination of claim 2, wherein said means for removably mounting audio transmitting means includes a pocket member selectively removably fastened to said mat casing, said pocket member adapted to retain an audio transmitting means in position on said mat when fastened thereto. 4. The combination of claim 1, further comprising audio transmitting means electrically connected to said connector means, and adapted to transmit an audio signal to said speaker means. 5. The combination of claim 1, wherein said speaker means includes first and second speakers spaced apart within said pillow a distance to allow a person's head to be located therebetween. 6. The combination of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of spaced apart transverse and parallel seams formed in said mat, affixing said upper and lower faces together to form a plurality of transverse pockets with said padding material therein, whereby said mat may be rolled in a longitudinal direction to form a cylinder, the seams preventing movement of the padding material therein. 7. The combination of claim 6, wherein said pillow is connected to said mat with a seam adapted to allow the pillow to be rolled within the mat for transportation thereof. 8. The combination of claim 7, further comprising selectively operable fastener means on the lower face of said mat adapted to selectively maintain said mat in its generally cylindrical rolled-up orientation, for transportation thereof. 9. The combination of claim 8, further comprising adjustable carrying strap means mounted transversely on said lower face of said mat, for carrying said mat when it is in its rolled-up orientation. 10. The combination of claim 1, further comprising: solar panel means removably mounted on the upper face of said mat adjacent said second end thereof, for converting sunlight to electrical energy; second electrical conductor means mounted within said mat casing having one end electrically connected to said solar panel means and having a second end extending through said padding in said casing to a point adjacent said first electrical connector means; and second electrical connector means mounted to said second end of said second conductor means, extending outwardly through said mat casing for connection to an electronic audio transmitting means, such that electrical power from said solar panel means will be supplied to the audio transmitting means when connected to said second connector means. 11. The combination of claim 1, further comprising a cover blanket means selectively attached to said mat to selectively cover the upper face thereof, and operable fastener means selectively and operably fastening said blanket means in position. 