A light rays radiation device for medical treatment, or providing beauty treatment or health promotion etc. comprises an optical conductor for transmitting therethrough light rays corresponding to the visible light rays component of solar rays, a lens for focusing the light rays emitted from the optical conductor, the lens being mounted so as to oppose the light rays emitting end of the optical conductor, a holder member for unitarily holding the light rays emitting end of the optical conductor and the lens, and a vertically-suspended guide bar capable of moving the lens and the light-rays emitting end of the optical conductor in a vertical axial direction and fixing both of them at an optional position.
Claims I claim: 1. A medical treatment device utilizing the visible light ray component of solar rays, comprising an optical conductor receiving and transmitting therethrough light rays corresponding to the visible light rays component of solar rays and excluding ultraviolet and infrared rays, said conductor having a light emitting end portion, a holder means on which said light emitting end portion is mounted, a lens means mounted on said holder means in a position spaced from said light emitting end portion for focusing light rays emitted from said light emitting end portion, and guide means for movably mounting said holder means such that an operator can move the holder means along with said light emitting end portion and said lens to a desired position to direct the visible light rays focused by said lens to a desired position on a patient's body to thereby effect medical treatment thereof. 2. A medical treatment device according to claim 1, wherein said holder means comprises a hood having a generally cylindrical body portion having two ends, one of said ends being open and the other of said ends having a generally partial spherical configuration, said lens means being mounted at said open end of said hood, said light emitting end portion being mounted on said other end of said hood such that the light rays emitted from said light emitting end portion of said conductor pass through the interior of said hood to said lens means. 3. A medical treatment device utilizing the visible light ray component of solar rays comprising an optical conductor receiving and transmitting therethrough light rays corresponding to the visible light rays component of solar rays and excluding ultraviolet and infrared rays, said conductor having a light emitting end portion, a holder means on which said light emitting end portion is mounted, and guide means for movably mounting said holder means such that an operator can move the holder means along with said light emitting end portion to a desired position to direct the visible light rays emitted from said light receiving end of said conductor to a desired position on a patient's body to thereby effect medical treatment thereof. 4. A medical treatment device according to claim 3, wherein said holder means comprises a hood having a generally cylindrical configuration with two ends, one of said ends being open and the other of said ends receiving said light emitting end portion of said optical conductor. 5. A medical treatment device according to claim 4, wherein said hood is made of a translucent material which changes color corresponding to the color of the light rays color component transmitted to said hood by said conductor. 6. A medical treatment device according to claim 3, wherein said holder means comprises a hood having an arcuate portion to be disposed adjacent to a part of a person's body, and reflector means on the inner surface of said arcuate portion for reflecting said light rays received from said light emitting end portion of said conductor onto said adjacent part of the person's body. 7. A medical treatment device according to claim 6, wherein said arcuate portion has a partial spherical configuration. 8. A medical treatment device according to claim 7, wherein said hood comprises an enclosure structure which receives a patient's head, said spherical portion overlying said patient's face. 9. A medical treatment device according to claim 8 further comprising a chair for receiving said patient, said enclosure structure being mounted on said chair such that the patient's head is disposed in said enclosure structure while reclining on said chair. 10. A medical treatment device according to claim 9, wherein at least parts of said enclosure structure are made of a transparent material to permit the patient to see outside of said enclosure structure. 