A solar oven includes an oven chamber having an open end and an interior cooking chamber. A collapsible reflector assembly, having a plurality of hinged reflective panels, can be folded to a collapsed position for storage or transport, or opened during use to reflect additional sunlight through the open end and into the interior cooking chamber. A transparent door mounted over the open end retains heat within the interior cooking chamber, and a portable frame assembly supports the oven chamber for pivotal movement around a horizontal pivot axis. A ratchet mechanism retains the oven chamber in selected positions around the pivot axis, and a free-swinging, self-leveling tray keeps foodstuffs or cooking utensils level within the interior cooking chamber as the oven chamber is positioned around the pivot axis so as to utilize best the available sunlight.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar oven comprising: an oven chamber having an open end and defining an interior cooking chamber; means providing a flat-black interior surface on the cooking chamber for absorbing sunlight and converting the absorbed sunlight into heat; an oven door hingedly mounted over said open end and movable between open and closed positions relative to said open end; means for pivotably supporting said oven chamber about a first substantially horizontal pivot axis; user-actuable latch means for selectively retaining said oven chamber in selected positions around said first horizontal axis, said user-actuable latch means including a user releasable ratchet mechanism including a plurality of ratchet teeth formed on said oven chamber and ratchet pawl pivoted to said support means in a position to engage selective ones of said ratchet teeth to retain said over chamber in selected orientations around said horizontal axis, said latch means further including means for pivoting said pawl into and out of the path of movement of said ratchet teeth to thereby achieve said selective positioning; a tray disposed within said interior cooking chamber for supporting foodstuffs during coking; pivot means for pivotally mounting said tray within said interior cooking chamber for movement around a second substantially horizontal pivot axis such that said tray can be positioned so as to maintain the foodstuffs in a substantially level position independently of the position of said oven chamer around said first pivot axis; a plurality of substantially planar reflective panels; hinge means for pivotally joining adjacent ones of said reflective panels and operable to permit movement of said reflective panels from a collapsed position, wherein said reflective panels are substantially parallel to one another, to an open position, wherein said reflective panels form a loop-like structure dimensioned to extend substantially around said open end of said oven chamber; each one of an opposed pair of said reflector panels being split into two substantially identical halves along a line extending through substantially the center of a respective one of said pair of reflective panels, and wherein said halves are hingedly joined along said line so that each of said opposed reflective panels folds along said line when said reflector assembly is moved from said open to said closed position; and means for detachably securing said reflective panels to said oven chamber around said open end when said reflective panels are in said open position. 2. A solar oven in accordance with claim 1 wherein said second pivot axis is substantially parallel to said first pivot axis. 3. A solar oven in accordance with claim 2 wherein said oven chamber is of substantially rectangular cross-section. 4. A solar oven in accordance with claim 2 wherein said oven chamber is of substantially trapezoidal cross-section. 5. A reflector assembly in accordance with claim 1 wherein said loop-like structure is substantially similarly shaped reflector panels when in said open position. 6. A reflector assembly in accordance with claim 1 wherein said means for detachably securing said reflective panels to said oven chamber includes an aperture formed in one of said reflective panels positioned to receive a projecting pin extending outwardly from the oven adjacent the opening. 7. A solar oven comprising: an oven chamber having an open end and defining an interior cooling chamber; support means for pivotally supporting said oven chamber around a first substantially horizontal pivot axis; a tray disposed within said interior cooking chamber for supporting foodstuffs during cooking, pivot means for pivotally mounting said tray within said interior cooking chamber for movement around a second substantially horizontal pivot axis such that said tray can be positioned so as to maintain the foodstuffs in a substantially level position independently of the position of said oven chamber around said first pivot axis; user-actuable latch means for selectively retaining said oven chamber in selected positions around said first horizontal axis; said user-actuale latch means including a user releasable ratchet mechanism having a plurality of ratchet teeth formed on said oven chamber and a ratchet pawl mounted to said support means and positioned to selectively retain individual ones of said ratchet teeth to selectively retain said oven chamber in selected orientations around said first horizontal axis, said latch means further including means for pivoting said pawl into and out of the path of movement of said ratchet teeth to thereby achieve said selective positioning; a plurality of substantially planar reflective panels; hinge means for hingedly joining adjacent ones of said reflective panels and operable to permit movement of said reflective panels from a collapsed position, wherein said reflective panels are substantially parallel to one another, to an open position, wherein said reflective panels form a loop-like structure dimensioned to extend substantially around the opening of the oven; and means for detachably securing said loop-like structure to said oven chamber around said opening; and each one of an opposed pair of said reflector panels being split into two substantially identical halves along a line extending through substantially the center of a respective one of said pair of reflective panels, and wherein said halves are hingedly joined along said line so that each of said opposed reflective panels folds along said line when said reflector assembly is moved from said open to said closed position. 8. A solar oven in accordance with claim 7 wherein said second horizontal axis is substantially parallel to said first pivot axis. 9. A solar oven in accordance with claim 7 wherein said user-actuable latch means further comprises a bias spring for biasing said ratchet pawl into the path of said ratchet teeth, and a user graphic handle coupled to said ratchet pawl for rotating said ratchet awl out of the path of said ratchet teeth against the force of said bias spring. 10. A solar oven in accordance with claim 7 wherein said oven chamber is of substantially rectangular cross-section. 11. A solar oven in accordance with claim wherein said oven chamber is of substantially trapezoidal cross-section. 