A method and system is disclosed for reversibly establishing a closed, flow-impervious cryogenic barrier about a predetermined volume extending downward from a containment site on the surface of the Earth. An array of barrier boreholes extend downward from spaced apart locations on the periphery of the containment site. A flow of a refrigerant medium is established in the barrier boreholes whereby water in the portions of the Earth adjacent to the barrier boreholes freezes to establish ice columns extending radially about the boreholes. The lateral separations of the boreholes and the radii of the ice columns are selected so that adjacent ice columns overlap. The overlapping ice columns collectively establish a closed, flow-impervious barrier about the predetermined volume underlying the containment site. The system may detect and correct potential breaches due to thermal, geophysical, or chemical invasions.
Claims We claim: 1. The method for reversibly establishing a closed cryogenic barrier confinement system about a predetermined volume extending downward beneath a surface region of the Earth, comprising the steps of: A. establishing an array of barrier boreholes extending downward from spaced-apart locations on the periphery of said surface region, B. establishing a flow of refrigerant medium in said boreholes, whereby the water in the portions of the Earth adjacent to said barrier boreholes freezes to establish ice columns extending axially along and radially about the central axes of said barrier boreholes, wherein the position of said central axes, the radii of said columns, and the lateral separations of said barrier boreholes are selected so that adjacent columns overlap, said overlapping columns collectively establishing a barrier enclosing said volume. 2. The method of claim 1 comprising the further step of injecting water into selected portions of the Earth adjacent to said barrier boreholes prior to said flow establishing step. 3. The method of claim 1 comprising the further step of controlling the sub-surface flow of water in said portions of said Earth adjacent to said barrier boreholes prior to said flow establishing step. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein said water flow control step comprises the step of injecting material in said portions of the Earth adjacent to said boreholes. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein said material is selected from the group consisting of bentonite, starch, grain, cereal, silicate, and particulate rock. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein said barrier borehole establishing step comprises the step of establishing said barrier boreholes whereby said overlapping ice columns collectively establish a barrier fully enclosing said predetermined volume under said surface region. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein said barrier borehole establishing step comprises the substep of slant drilling at least some of said barrier boreholes. 8. The method of claim 6 wherein said barrier borehole establishing step comprises the substep of curve drilling at least some of said barrier boreholes. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein said barrier borehole establishing step comprises the substeps of: A. identifying a substantially fluid impervious sub-surface region of the Earth underlying said predetermined volume, B. establishing said barrier boreholes between said peripheral surface region locations and said fluid impervious sub-surface region. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein said barrier borehole establishing step comprises the step of establishing said barrier boreholes with respect to said sub-surface region whereby said overlapping ice columns and said sub-surface region collectively establish a barrier fully enclosing said predetermined volume under said surface region. 11. The method of claim 1 comprising the further step of establishing a substantially fluid impervious outer barrier spaced apart from said overlapping ice columns and outside said predetermined volume enclosed by said ice columns. 12. The method of claim 11 whereby said outer barrier establishing step comprises the substeps of: A. establishing an array of outer boreholes extending downward from spaced-apart locations on the outer periphery of a substantially circumferential surface region surrounding said surface region of the Earth, B. establishing a flow of a refrigerant medium in said outer boreholes, whereby the water in the portions of the Earth adjacent to said outer boreholes freezes to establish ice columns extending axially along and radially about the central axes of said outer boreholes, wherein position of said central axes, the radii of said columns, and the lateral separations of said outer boreholes are selected so that adjacent columns overlap, said overlapping columns collectively establishing said outer barrier. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein said refrigerant medium flowing in said barrier boreholes is characterized by a temperature T1 wherein T1 is below 0.degree. Celsius. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein said refrigerant medium flowing in said outer boreholes is characterized by a temperature T2, wherein T2 is below 0.degree. Celsius. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein T2 is different from T1. 16. The method of claim 14 wherein T2 equals T1. 17. The method of claim 1 wherein said refrigerant medium flowing in said barrier boreholes is characterized by a temperature T1 wherein T1 is below 0.degree. Celsius. 18. The method of claim 1 comprising the further step of monitoring the integrity of said overlapping ice columns. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein said integrity monitoring step includes the sub-step of: monitoring the temperature at a predetermined set of locations within said ice columns. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein said temperature monitoring step includes the substep of monitoring an array of temperature sensors, each of said sensors being adapted to detect the temperature at at least one location of said set. 21. The method of claim 19 comprising the further step of analyzing the temperature at said set of locations and identifying portions of said overlapping columns subject to conditions leading to lack of integrity of said overlapping columns. 22. The method of claim 21 comprising the further step of: modifying said flow of refrigerant medium in said barrier boreholes in response to said identification of portions whereby additional heat is extracted from said identified portions. 23. The method of claim 18 comprising the further steps of: establishing injection boreholes extending downward from locations adjacent to selected ones of said barrier boreholes. 24. The method of claim 23 comprising the further step of positioning water permeable tubular casings within said injection boreholes. 25. The method of claim 24 wherein said integrity monitoring step includes the sub-steps of: prior to said refrigerant flow establishing step, reversibly filling said casings, subsequent to said freezing to establish said ice columns, removing the filling of said casings and pumping a gaseous medium into said injection boreholes and detecting the steady-state gas flow rate into said injection boreholes, wherein steady-state gas flow rate into one of said injection boreholes above a predetermined threshold is indicative of a lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns adjacent to said casing, said ice columns being characterized by integrity otherwise. 26. The method of claim 25 comprising the further step of: correcting a detected lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns by the substep of: identifying one of said injection boreholes for which said gas flow rate is indicative of lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns, injecting water into said identified injection borehole. 27. The method of claim 25 comprising the further step of: correcting a detected lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns by the substep of pumping liquid phase media from said injection borehole. 28. The method of claim 25 comprising the further step of correcting a detected lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns by the substep of: modifying said flow of refrigerant in said barrier boreholes whereby additional heat is extracted from said columns characterized by lack of integrity. 29. The method of claim 23 wherein said integrity monitoring step includes the substeps of: prior to said refrigerant flow establishing step, reversibly filling said injection boreholes, subsequent to said freezing to establish said ice columns, removing the filling of said injection boreholes and pumping a gaseous medium into said injection boreholes and detecting the steady-state gas flow rate into said injection boreholes, wherein steady-state gas flow rate into one of said injection boreholes above a predetermined threshold is indicative of a lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns adjacent to said injection borehole, said ice columns being characterized by integrity otherwise. 30. The method of claim 29 comprising the further step of: correcting a detected lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns by the substep of: identifying one of said injection boreholes for which gas flow rate is indicative of lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns, injecting water into said identified injection borehole. 31. The method of claim 29 comprising the further step of: correcting a detected lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns by the substep of pumping liquid phase media from said injection borehole. 32. The method of claim 29 comprising the further step of correcting a detected lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns by the substep of: modifying said flow of refrigerant in said barrier boreholes whereby additional heat is extracted from said columns characterized by lack of integrity. 33. The method of claim 1 comprising the further step of selectively removing at least a portion of said overlapping columns by modifying said flow of refrigerant medium in said barrier boreholes whereby said portions of said ice columns selectively melt. 34. The method of claim 1 comprising the further step of: establishing injection boreholes extending downward from locations adjacent to selected ones of said barrier boreholes. 35. The method of claim 34 comprising the further step of selectively removing at least a portion of said overlapping columns by modifying said flow of refrigerant medium in said barrier boreholes whereby said portions of said ice columns selectively melt. 36. The method of claim 35 comprising the further step of removing liquid phase medium from said adjacent injection boreholes following said modification of said flow of said refrigerant medium. 37. The method of claim 34 comprising the further step of injecting water into said injection boreholes prior to said flow establishing step. 38. The method of claim 1 comprising the further step of converting solar energy incident on portions of said surface region to stored electrical energy and using said stored electrical energy to control said refrigerant medium flow establishing step. 39. The method of claim 1 comprising the further step of controlling said refrigerant flow whereby said ice columns extend downward from points vertically displaced from said surface region of the Earth. 40. The method of claim 1 comprising the further step of controlling said refrigerant flow whereby said ice columns extend downward from points substantially on said surface region of the Earth. 41. The method of claim 1 comprising the further step of establishing a water impervious barrier overlying said predetermined volume. 42. A closed cryogenic barrier confinement system extending about a predetermined volume extending downward beneath a surface region of the Earth, comprising: A. an array of barrier boreholes extending downward from spaced-apart locations on the periphery of said surface region, B. a plurality of ice columns, each column extending about one of said barrier boreholes, wherein position of the central axis of said barrier boreholes, the radii of said columns, and the lateral separations of said barrier boreholes are such that adjacent columns overlap, said overlapping columns collectively establishing a barrier enclosing said volume. 43. The system of claim 42 further comprising: a substantially fluid impervious outer barrier spaced apart from said overlapping ice columns and outside said predetermined volume enclosed by said ice column. 44. The system of claim 43 wherein said outer barrier comprises: A. an array of outer boreholes extending downward from spaced-apart locations on the outer periphery of a substantially circumferential surface region surrounding said surface region of the Earth, B. a plurality of ice columns, each column extending about one of said outer boreholes, wherein position of the central ones of said outer boreholes, the radii of said columns, and the lateral separations of said outer boreholes are such that adjacent columns overlap, said overlapping columns collectively establishing said outer barrier. 45. The system of claim 42 further comprising means for monitoring the integrity of said overlapping ice columns. 46. The system of claim 45 wherein said integrity monitoring means includes: means for monitoring the temperature at a predetermined set of locations within said ice columns. 47. The system of claim 45 wherein said temperature monitoring means includes an array of temperature sensors, each of said sensors being adapted to detect the temperature at at least one location of said set and includes means for monitoring the sensors of said array. 48. The system of claim 46 further comprising means for analyzing the temperatures at said set of locations and identifying portions of said overlapping columns subject to conditions leading to lack of integrity of said overlapping columns. 49. The method of claim 48 further comprising: means for extracting heat from said identified portions, whereby said lack of integrity is reduced. 50. The system of claim 45 further comprising: a plurality of injection boreholes extending downward from locations adjacent to selected ones of said barrier boreholes. 51. The system of claim 42 further comprising: a plurality of injection boreholes extending downward from locations adjacent to selected ones of said barrier boreholes. 52. The system of claim 51 further comprising means for injecting water into said injection boreholes. 53. The system of claim 42 further comprising means for converting solar energy incident on portions of said surface region to stored electrical energy and means for using said stored electrical energy to maintain said columns. 54. The system of claim 42 wherein said columns extend downward from points vertically displaced from said surface region of the Earth. 55. The system of claim 42 wherein said columns extend downward from points substantially on said surface region of the Earth. 56. The system of claim 42 further comprising a water impervious barrier overlying said predetermined volumes. 57. The system of claim 42 further comprising: means for establishing a flow of refrigerant medium in said barrier boreholes, and control means for controlling the heat exchange between said flowing refrigerant in said barrier boreholes and portions of the Earth adjacent to said barrier boreholes whereby said adjacent ice columns are maintained overlapping. 58. The system of claim 57 wherein said establishing means comprises a plurality of refrigeration units including means for providing said refrigerant medium, each of said refrigeration units including means for establishing flow of said refrigerant medium in an associated subset of said barrier boreholes. 59. The system of claim 58 wherein said control means includes means for adaptively determining the subsets of barrier boreholes associated with the respective refrigeration units. 60. The system of claim 59 wherein said adaptive determining means is responsive to sensed conditions associated with said overlapping ice columns, and a predetermined algorithm to establish said associated subsets of barrier boreholes and said refrigeration units. 61. A method for maintaining a closed cryogenic barrier about a predetermined volume extending downward beneath a surface region of the Earth, said cryogenic barrier including an array of barrier boreholes extending downward from spaced-apart locations on the periphery of said surface region, and including ice columns in the Earth adjacent to said barrier boreholes, said columns extending axially along and radially about the central axes of said barrier boreholes, wherein the position of said central axes, the radii of said columns, and the lateral separations of said barrier boreholes are such that adjacent columns overlap, comprising the steps of: A. establishing a flow of refrigerant medium in said barrier boreholes, B. controlling the heat exchange between said flowing refrigerant medium in said barrier boreholes and portions of the Earth adjacent of said barrier boreholes whereby said adjacent ice columns are maintained overlapping. 62. The method of claim 61 comprising the further step of monitoring the integrity of said overlapping ice columns. 63. The method of claim 62 wherein said integrity monitoring step includes the sub-step of: monitoring the temperature at a predetermined set of locations within said ice columns. 64. The method of claim 63 wherein said temperature monitoring step includes the substep of monitoring an array of temperature sensors, each of said sensors being adapted to detect the temperature at at least one location of said set. 65. The method of claim 63 comprising the further step of analyzing the temperatures at said set of locations and identifying portions of said overlapping columns subject to conditions leading to lack of integrity of said overlapping columns. 66. The method of claim 65 comprising the further step of: modifying said flow of refrigerant medium in said barrier boreholes in response to said identification of portions whereby additional heat is extracted from said identified portions. 67. The method of claim 63 comprising the further steps of: establishing injection boreholes extending downward from locations adjacent to selected ones of said barrier boreholes. 68. The method of claim 67 comprising the further step of positioning water premeable tubular casings within said injection boreholes. 69. The method of claim 67 wherein said integrity monitoring step includes the substeps of: pumping a gaseous medium into said injection boreholes and detecting the steady-state gas flow rate into said injection boreholes, wherein steady-state gas flow rate into one of said injection boreholes above a predetermined threshold is indicative of a lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns adjacent to said injection borehole, said ice columns being characterized by integrity otherwise. 70. The method of claim 69 comprising the further step of: correcting a detected lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns by the step of: identifying one of said injection boreholes for which gas flow rate is indicative of lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns, injecting water into said identified injection borehole. 71. The method of claim 69 comprising the further step of: correcting a detected lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns by the substep of pumping liquid phase media from said injection borehole. 72. The method of claim 69 comprising the further step of correcting a detected lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns by the substep of: modifying said flow of refrigerant in said barrier boreholes whereby additional heat is extracted from said columns characterized by lack of integrity. 73. The method of claim 70 wherein said integrity monitoring step includes the sub-steps of: pumping a gaseous medium into said injection boreholes and detecting the steady-state gas flow rate into said injection boreholes, wherein said steady-state gas flow rate into one of said injection boreholes above a predetermined threshold is indicative of a lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns adjacent to said casing, said ice columns being characterized by integrity otherwise. 74. The method of claim 73 comprising the further step of: correcting a detected lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns by the substep of: identifying one of said injection boreholes for which said gas flow rate is indicative of lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns, injecting water into said identified injection borehole. 75. The method of claim 73 comprising the further step of: correcting a detected lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns by the substep of pumping liquid phase media from said injection borehole. 76. The method of claim 73 comprising the further step of correcting a detected lack of integrity of said overlapping ice columns by the substep of: modifying said flow of refrigerant in said barrier boreholes whereby additional heat is extracted from said columns characterized by lack of integrity. 77. The method of claim 61 comprising the further step of selectively removing at least a portion of said overlapping columns by modifying said flow of refrigerant medium in said barrier boreholes whereby said portions of said ice columns selectively melt. 78. The method of claim 61 comprising the further step of: establishing injection boreholes extending downward from locations adjacent to selected ones of said barrier boreholes. 79. The method of claim 78 comprising the further step of selectively removing at least a portion of said overlapping columns by modifying said flow of refrigerant medium in said barrier boreholes whereby said portions of said ice columns selectively melt. 80. The method of claim 79 comprising the further step of removing liquid phase medium from said adjacent injection boreholes following said modification of said flow of said refrigerant medium. 81. The method of claim 61 comprising the further step of converting solar energy incident on portions of said surface region to stored electrical energy and using said stored electrical energy to control said refrigerant medium flow establishing said heat exchange controlling steps. 82. A method for removing portions of a close cryogenic barrier about a predetermined volume extending downward beneath a surface region of the Earth, said cryogenic barrier including an array of barrier boreholes extending downward from spaced-apart locations on the periphery of said surface region and including ice columns in the Earth adjacent to said barrier boreholes extending axially along and radially about the central axes of said barrier boreholes, wherein the position of said central axes, the radii of said columns, and the lateral separation of said barrier boreholes are such that adjacent ice columns overlap, comprising the steps of: A. establishing a flow of refrigerant medium in said barrier boreholes, B. controlling the heat exchange between said flowing refrigerant medium in said barrier boreholes portions of the Earth adjacent to said barrier boreholes whereby said overlapping ice columns melt at least in part. 83. The method of claim 82 comprising the further step of: establishing injection boreholes extending downward from locations adjacent to selected ones of said barrier boreholes. 84. The method of claim 83 comprising the further step of removing liquid phase medium from said adjacent injection boreholes. 