A temperature measuring device includes a temperature sensor which is located adjacent one end of an elongated member such as a hiking/wading staff or a fishing rod. A temperature measurement display device is located in the vicinity of the other end of the elongated member. Selectable predetermined temperature alarm limits are included to provide visual, or audible and/or tactile alarms when the temperature measured by the temperature sensor exceeds the predetermined alarm limits. In another embodiment, the temperature sensor is electrically connected to the temperature measurement display through a connector disposed in a fishing reel which, when mounted on the handle of the fishing rod, effects the electrical connection between the temperature sensor and the temperature measurement display to be made.
Claims I claim: 1. In a fishing rod comprising a shaft portion having a tip portion at one end and a handle portion at the other end, said handle portion comprising a grip segment and a reel mounting segment, an improvement comprising: (a) temperature sensing means mounted adjacent the tip portion; (b) temperature measurement display means disposed in said handle portion; and (c) means for electrically connecting said temperature sensing means to said temperature measurement display means comprising: (i) means for electrically connecting said temperature sensing means to at least a first contact in an electrical connector disposed in said reel mounting segment; (ii) means for electrically connecting said temperature measurement display means to at least a second contact of said connector; and (iii) mating electrical connector means disposed in a reel adapted for mounting in said reel mounting segment whereby an electrical connection is made between said at least first contact and said at least second contact through said mating connector when said reel is mounted in said reel mounting segment. 2. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 1 wherein said temperature sensing means comprises a thermocouple. 3. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 2 wherein said temperature measurement display means comprises a liquid crystal display. 4. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 2 wherein said temperature measurement display means comprises a light emitting diode display. 5. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 2 wherein said temperature measurement display means includes an electrical power source comprising an electrical storage battery removably disposed in a battery compartment in said handle portion. 6. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 2 wherein said temperature measurement display means includes an electrical power source comprising a solar power source. 7. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 6 wherein said solar power source comprises at least one solar cell disposed in said grip segment of said handle portion. 8. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 2 wherein said temperature measurement display means includes an electrical power source comprising: (a) a rechargeable electric storage battery removably disposed in a battery compartment in said handle portion; and (b) a solar power source adapted to recharge said rechargeable electrical storage battery. 9. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 8 wherein said solar power source comprises at least one solar cell disposed in said grip segment of said handle portion. 10. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 2 additionally comprising a second temperature sensing means mounted adjacent said handle portion. 11. In a fishing rod comprising a shaft portion having a tip portion at one end and a handle portion at the other end, said handle portion comprising a grip segment and a reel mounting segment, an improvement comprising: (a) temperature sensing means disposed adjacent said tip portion; (b) temperature measurement display means disposed in said handle portion; (c) means for selecting at least one predetermined temperature alarm limit; (d) an electrical power source; and (e) means for electrically interconnecting said temperature sensing means, said alarm limit selection means, said temperature measurement display means, and said electrical power source. 12. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 11 additionally comprising means for generating an alarm when the temperature sensed by said temperature sensing means exceeds said selected predetermined alarm limit. 13. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 12 additionally comprising means for selecting a predetermined upper temperature alarm limit and a predetermined lower temperature alarm limit. 14. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 13 additionally comprising means for generating an alarm when the temperature sensed by said temperature sensing means is above said predetermined upper temperature alarm limit and for generating an alarm when the temperature sensed by the temperature sensing means is below said predetermined lower temperature alarm limit. 15. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 14 wherein said alarm comprises a visual alarm. 16. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 14 wherein said alarm comprises an audible alarm. 17. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 14 wherein said alarm comprises a tactile alarm. 18. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 11 wherein said temperature measurement display means displays a temperature measurement which is selectable in either units of degrees Fahrenheit or degrees Centigrade. 19. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 11 wherein said electrical power source comprises an electric storage battery removably disposed in a battery compartment in said handle portion. 20. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 19 additionally comprising means for electrically disconnecting said power source after a predetermined time. 21. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 20 wherein said electrical power source comprises: (a) a rechargeable electrical storage battery removably disposed in a battery compartment in said handle portion; and (b) a solar power source adapted to recharge said rechargeable electric storage battery. 22. The fishing rod in accordance with claim 21 wherein said solar power source comprises at least one solar cell disposed in said grip segment of said handle portion. 23. In a wading staff comprising a shaft portion having a tip portion at one end and a handle portion at the other end, an improvement comprising: (a) temperature sensing means disposed adjacent said tip portion; (b) temperature measurement display means disposed in said handle portion; (c) an electrical power source; (d) means for selecting at least one predetermined temperature alarm limit; and (e) means for electrically interconnecting said temperature sensing means, said temperature measurement display means, said electrical power source and said alarm limit selection means. 24. The wading staff in accordance with claim 23 additionally comprising means for generating an alarm when the temperature sensed by said temperature sensing means exceeds said selected predetermined alarm limit. 25. The wading staff in accordance with claim 24 additionally comprising means for selecting a predetermined upper temperature alarm limit and a predetermined lower temperature alarm limit. 26. The wading staff in accordance with claim 25 additionally comprising means for generating an alarm when the temperature sensed by said temperature sensing means is above said predetermined upper temperature alarm limit and for generating an alarm when the temperature sensed by the temperature sensing means is below said predetermined lower temperature alarm limit. 27. The wading staff in accordance with claim 26 wherein said alarm comprises a visual alarm. 28. The wading staff in accordance with claim 26 wherein said alarm comprises an audible alarm. 29. The wading staff in accordance with claim 26 wherein said alarm comprises a tactile alarm. 30. The wading staff in accordance with claim 23 wherein said temperature measurement display means displays a temperature measurement which is selectable in either units of degrees Fahrenheit or degrees Centigrade. 31. The wading staff in accordance with claim 23 wherein said electrical power source comprises an electric storage battery removably disposed in a battery compartment in said handle portion. 32. The wading staff in accordance with claim 31 additionally comprising means for electrically disconnecting said power source after a predetermined time. 33. The wading staff in accordance with claim 32 wherein said electrical power source comprises: (a) a rechargeable electrical storage battery removably disposed in a battery compartment in said handle portion; and (b) a solar power source adapted to recharge said rechargeable electric storage battery. 34. The wading staff in accordance with claim 33 wherein solar power source comprises at least one solar cell disposed in said handle portion. 