A method of locating potential oil and gas reservoirs in the earth utilizing a satellite equipped to receive reflected solar energy from the earth at at least one selected frequency band, transmitting signals indicative of the received reflected energy to the earth, recording the received signals in a manner to provide a map of the earth's surface, filtering the received signals to provide signals representative of bands characterized by hydrocarbon gas absorption of the solar energy, and displaying the filtered signals, the area of hydrocarbon absorption being indicated by low intensity levels. The satellite system can be equipped with a coherent infrared irradiation system which scans the area of obsrvation, utilizing a selected infrared wave length beam to augment normal solar radiation at those wave lengths most effective for detecting the hydrocarbon gas cloud which appears above an oil or gas reservoir.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of locating potential oil and gas deposits in the earth comprising: (a) receiving in a satellite reflected solar energy from the earth in a plurality of frequency bands; (b) transmitting signals indicative of the received reflected energy of each of the plurality of frequency bands; (c) recording on the earth signals received from step (b), which signals are indicative of reflected solar energy, the reception, transmission and recordation being carried out in a manner capable of providing a map of a selected portion of the earth's surface; (d) applying a factor to at least two of the recorded signals each representing a different frequency band and combining the factored signals to obtain a signal characterized by hydrocarbon gas absorption; and (e) displaying the obtained signal to indicate areas of hydrocarbon absorption. 2. A method of locating potential oil and gas deposits in the earth according to claim 1 wherein step (E) includes displaying the signals on a video monitor and including the step of overlaying the displayed video with an aligned topographical video to thereby enable the user to accurately geographically identify areas of the earth displaying evidence of hydrocarbon gas presence. 3. A method of locating potential oil and gas deposits in the earth according to claim 1 wherein step (A) includes receiving reflected solar energy in a first band having a wave length of 2.08 to 2.35 micrometers and a second band having a wave length of 10.3 to 12.5 micrometers and wherein step (D) includes combining about 58.8% of said first band with 41.2% of said second band to provide a composite signal having an effective wave length of about 3.39 micrometers. 4. A method of locating potential oil and gas deposits in the earth according to claim 1 including the step of quantifying the degree of hydrocarbon gas absorption of reflected solar energy including the use of optical filters for intensity comparisons. 5. A method of locating potential oil and gas deposits in the earth according to claim 1 wherein step (E) includes displaying the obtained signal on a video monitor. 6. A method of locating potential oil and gas deposits in the earth according to claim 5 wherein said video monitor is color hue adjustable to disclose subsurface hydrocarbon microdrainage patterns. 7. A method of locating potential oil and gas deposits in the earth covered by water, such as in the oceans, according to claim 1 including the step of: adjusting the displayed signals to compensate for ocean depth and current direction and velocity. 8. A method of locating potential oil and gas deposits according to claim 1 including the step of: projecting from the satellite a coherent beam of electromagnetic energy in a scanning pattern. 