A high speed infrared temperature measuring device which consists of a lens barrel in an instrument housing, a sensor in the lens barrel to read an infrared target signal, a processing circuit for the signal, an automatic circuit for the thermoelectric cooler and a black body compensation circuit and means to read and record the processed signal.
Claims I claim: 1. High speed infrared non-contact temperature sensing apparatus wherein there is provided an infrared sensor, said sensor is in a lens barrel with a lens therein, said lens barrel being provided with an air purge fitting and entrance and exit venturi ports for passage of purging air, said lens barrel being further provided with a barrel temperature compensation thermistor, said thermistor being connected to a compensation circuit which adjusts an output of amplifying means to compensate for the black body effects of said barrel, said infrared sensor contained therein consists of a thermoelectric cooler, a photovoltaic sensing element and a sensing thermistor, said thermoelectric cooler and serving thermistor being connected to an automatic cooling control module to maintain the sensor at a predetermined temperature, said lens barrel having a heat sink formed as an integral part of the sensor to dissapate heat from the thermoelectric cooler, said barrel disposed in an instrument housing and positioned to permit the sensor to receive an infrared signal from a non-contact target area, the sensor outputs a detected signal to the amplifying means, the output of the amplifying means is thereafter received by an output means which provides a temperature signal, said instrument housing being provided with means for circulating a cooling liquid. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said lens being of no greater than f-1.0 power. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said lens barrel temperature thermistor operates in an ambient range of from above 15 degrees C. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said heat sink being capable of dissipating exhaust heat of said infrared sensor. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the target area is in a range as small as about 6 mm. at a distance of about 300 mm. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 said response time is as low as 25 micro seconds. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the output means temperature signal is received by a linearizing circuit which provides a linearized signal to to one of a recording, monitoring and controlling means. 8. High speed infrared non-contact temperature sensing apparatus wherein there is provided an infrared sensor, said sensor is in a lens barrel with an f-1.0 lens therein, said barrel being provided with an air purge fitting with entrance and exit ports for passage of purge air, said lens barrel being further provided with a barrel temperature compensation thermistor, said thermistor being connected to a compensation amplifying circuit and operating in an ambient range of from about 15 degrees C. to compensate for black body effects of the barrel; said infrared sensor contained therein consisting of a thermoelectric cooler, a photovoltaic sensing element and a sensing thermistor, said thermoelectric cooler and sensing thermistor are connected to an automatic cooling control module which maintains the sensor at a predetermined temperature, said lens barrel having a heat sink capable of dissipating sufficient exhaust heat of said infrared sensor; said lens barrel deposed in an instrument housing and positioned to receive an infrared signal from a non-contact target area as small as 6 mm. at a distance of about 300 mm., said signal sent to an amplifying means and thereafter to an output means, which provides an output signal adjusted by said compensation amplifying circuit said output signal resulting in a response time as low as 25 micro seconds from receipt of said infrared signal, said output means connected to a linearizing circuit and in turn to recording, monitoring or controlling means. 