An intelligent portable interactive personal data system is disclosed. A microprocessor with memory is containted with a transaction card-shaped housing. An alphanumeric keypad and alphanumeric display is located on a surface of the housing. At least one port within the housing is provided for the input and output of information. An operating system is stored in the memory to control the operation of the system through the microprocessor. The operating system provides a means for generating a plurality of messages on the display that prompts the user during the operation of the system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An intelligent transaction card comprising: a transaction card-shaped housing; a means contained within the housing to provide power to operate the card; a keypad located on a surface of the housing for entry of information by a user; a display located on a surface of the housing for the presentation of information; a microprocessor contained within the housing; at least one port in said housing connected to the microprocessor for the input and output of information; a microprocessor memory contained within the housing and connected to said microprocessor; and an operating system program stored in the memory and controlling operation of the card through the microprocessor, comprising: a means for generating a plurality of messages on the display that prompt the user during the operation of the card to select from a plurality of application programs which reside in the microprocessor memory; means for switching control of the microprocessor form the operating system program to a selected application program; and means for modifying at least one program stored in said memory. 2. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 wherein the keypad is multifunctional and programmable. 3. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 wherein the means to provide power is a connection in the housing to an external power supply. 4. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 wherein the means to provide power is an electromagnetic energy receiver mounted in said housing. 5. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 wherein the means to provide power is a solar cell mounted in said housing. 6. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 wherein a solar cell acts as a switch to turn the intelligent transaction card on and off. 7. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 wherein the port is an optical input/output port. 8. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 wherein the port is an electrical input/output port. 9. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 further comprising circuitry to receive and transmit magnetically encoded information to an external device. 10. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 wherein said operating system comprises: a plurality of modules operable while in an idle state to monitor the keypad, the ports and to update the date and time; and a plurality of service routines to control the display, the ports the keyboard, the memory and the application programs. 11. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 further comprising at least one undefined programmable function key that may be defined for a specific purpose according to the application. 12. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 wherein the keypad further comprises application control keys which control the selection and execution of the application programs in the intelligent transaction card. 13. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 wherein the application control keys are labeled "YES", "NO", "NEXT" and "BACK". 14. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 wherein the microprocessor memory is an EEPROM. 15. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 further comprising circuitry to receive and transmit magnetically encoded information to an external device. 16. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 wherein said means for modifying further comprises: means for loading a variety of different application programs into the memory from at least one port. 17. The intelligent transaction card of claim 16 wherein said means for loading comprises: means for locating at least one unused portion of said memory for the storage of an application to be loaded; and means for relocating address references of said application program based on an absolute address at which said program is loaded. 18. The intelligent transaction card of claim 17 wherein said means for relocating comprises: means for temporarily storing a table of relative address references of said application programs; means for determining a starting address of said memory at which the beginning of said application program is to be loaded; and means for adding the starting address to each relative address reference of the application program. 19. The intelligent transaction card of claim 18 further comprising a means of maintaining in said memory a list of the starting addresses of all application programs stored in said memory, including a means for updating said list upon the loading of a new application program. 20. The intelligent transaction card of claim 17 wherein said operating system further comprises a memory security means for preventing an application program from accessing certain records in memory. 21. The intelligent transaction card of claim 20 wherein said memory security means comprises a means for associating with each record of memory, an authorization number corresponding to an authorized user. 22. The transaction card of claim 21 wherein said operating system further comprises a means for entering into memory a personal identification number of a user and wherein said memory security means prevents an application program form accessing a record in memory if said personal identification number does not correspond to said authorization number. 23. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 wherein said operating system further comprises a programming security means for preventing unauthorized changes in the programs stored in the card's memory. 24. The intelligent transaction card of claim 23 wherein said programming security means prevents the cardholder from altering said programs while allowing the supplier of the program to enter modifications. 25. The intelligent transaction card of claim 24 wherein said programming security means comprises computer instructions stored in the card's memory which can only be accessed by a person who provides the card with a security program access code. 26. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 wherein said memory comprises a system data area comprising variable length records; each record comprising an application number field, a data size field and a PIN field. 27. The intelligent transaction card of claim 26 further comprising a record locating means for locating a next record by incrementing a memory pointer containing an address of a current record by a quantity stored in said data size field of said current record. 28. The intelligent transaction card of claim 27 wherein said record locating means operates to locate a desired record by reading said application number field and said PIN field of a current record and comparing said fields against desired application and PIN numbers respectively, and for repeating said comparison with each said next record until a match is found. 29. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 wherein said microprocessor memory comprises: a system data area for storing said operating system, an application data area for storing program code of said application program, and a transaction data area for storing data used by said application programs. 30. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 wherein said operating system program is written in modular fashion to allow dynamic reconfiguration of said modules by said modifying means. 31. The intelligent transaction card of claim 1 further comprising a means on the card for encrypting information. 32. An intelligent transaction card comprising: a transaction card-shaped housing; a means contained within the housing to provide power to operate the card; a keypad located on a surface of the housing for entry of information by a user; a display located on the surface of the housing for the presentation of information; a microprocessor contained within the housing to control the operation of the card; at least one port in said housing connected to the microprocessor for the input and output of information; a microprocessor memory contained within the housing and connected to said microprocessor; an opening system stored in the memory and controlling the operation of the card through the microprocessor to allow a user to select from a plurality of application programs which reside in the microprocessor memory; and means for switching control of the microprocessor from the operating system to a selected application program; means for storing in said memory a personal identification number (PIN) known to a user of said card; means accessible to said user for changing the PIN stored in said memory; a credit/purchase application program stored in the memory and executed by the microprocessor through the operating system, said credit/purchase application comprising: means for storing a credit balance; means for receiving through the keypad the user's PIN and amount of a transaction; means for verifying that the PIN received through the keypad is equal to a PIN stored in the memory; means for verifying that a sufficient credit balance exists to execute the transaction; and means for generating an approval code to be displayed on the display if sufficient credit balance exists and the PIN received through the keypad is equal to the PIN stored in memory; whereby the card verifies the user's credit balance for a purchase and generates an approval code for the purchase independent of any external terminal device. 33. The intelligent transaction card of claim 32 further comprising means accessible to the user for varying an algorithm used for generating said approval code. 