This plant spinner is designed to rotate potted plants, so as to evenly expose them to the rays of the sun. Primarily, it consists of a simulated flower that is adhered to a window pane, and the petals of the flower are provided with a multiple number of solar cells that convert the rays of the sun to electric current that drives a motor that slowly rotates a potted plant that is suspended from the plant spinner. Each solar cell in the flower is capable of powering a separate plant spinner, and the rotation of such potted plants provides for better growth because of them being evenly exposed to the rays of the sun.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A plant spinner for plants cultivated by window light comprising: an assembly housing for mounting on a stationary support; an electric motor secured in said housing; a reduction gear box secured to said motor for reduction of the speed thereof; a swivel secured to an output shaft of the gear box and having means for connection to a potted plant to effect rotation thereof by the motor and operable to permit rotation of the potted plant relative to the output shaft for protection of said motor and said solar cell in the event of obstruction of free rotation of the potted plant; and, a solar cell device comprising a simulated plant with a plurality of solar cells thereon at least one of which is electrically connected to the motor for supplying power thereto; and, means for securing said simulated plant to a window pane for exposure of the solar cells to light from the sun. 2. A plant spinner as set forth in claim 1 wherein the simulated plant comprises a simulated flower head having a ring of individual, equally spaced, simulated petals, radially extending from a central portion, a separate solar cell being secured to each of said simulated petals, circuit means for electrically connecting said solar cells in either series or parallel arrangement to the electric motor and the securing means comprising means for securing said central portion of said flower head to the window pane with said ring of petals in equally spaced, radially extending, substantially coplanar relation adjacent to the window pane. 3. A plant spinner as set forth in claim 1, wherein said swivel includes a hook or eye that can movably receive a hook secured to said potted plant to depend said potted plant from said plant spinner. 4. A plant spinner as set forth in claim 3, wherein each said solar cell of said simulated flower is connected by a cable to another, similar, motor, similar gear box, and similar swivel, for depending another similar, potted plant therefrom and one said plant spinner is connectable in a series or parallel arrangement electrically, for supporting larger potted plants. 5. A plant spinner for plants cultivated by window light comprising: an assembly housing for mounting on a stationary support; an electric motor secured in said housing; a reduction gear box secured to said motor for reduction of the speed thereof; a solar cell device comprising a simulated flower head having a ring of individual, equally spaced, simulated petals, radially extending from a central portion, a plurality of solar cells, respective solar cells being secured to respective simulated petals, circuit means for electrically connecting said solar cells to the electric motor; and, means for securing said central portion of said flower head to a window pane with said ring of petals in equally spaced, radially extending, substantially coplanar relation adjacent the window pane. 6. A flower-form solar cell device for a plant spinner comprising a simulated flower decoration having a ring of individual, equally spaced, petals radially extending from a central portion of a simulated flower head, a separate solar cell secured to each of said petals, circuit means for electrically connecting said solar cells in either series or parallel arrangement to an external device, and means for securing said central portion of said flower head to a window pane with said ring of petals arranged in equally spaced radially extending, substantially coplanar relation adjacent the window pane. 7. A flower-form solar cell device as set forth in claim 6 wherein the securing means is an adhesive layer on said central portion. 