An improved preheater for a clothes dryer delivers hot exhausted air from a dryer through a loop of tubing within a box-like housing for heat exchange with ambient air drawn through the housing. Valving is provided for selectively drawing ambient air to the housing either from conditioned space near the dryer, or from solar-heated attic space. The hottest run of the tubing loop is located downstream in the ambient air flow. In one form the box has a flanged open front for attachment over an air inlet grate located in the rear of a dryer. In another form, the box is separated from the dryer and an adapter is used to carry the preheated air to an air inlet of a dryer.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In an air intake preheater for a clothes dryer or the like, in which hot, moisture-laden air exhausted from the dryer is used to preheat fresh, ambient air drawn into the dryer, the preheater having a first conduit connected for flowing the exhausted air from the dryer to a discharge point, and a second conduit connected for flowing the ambient air, in heat exchange relationship with the exhausted air flowed through the first conduit, from a source of ambient air to the dryer, the first and second conduits communicating in air flow relationship through the dryer, the improvement comprising: the first conduit being directed through the second conduit along a looping path that provides first and second transverse crossings in series in opposite directions of the air flow in the first conduit relative to the air flow in the second conduit, the first crossing being downstream of the second crossing in the air flow in the second conduit, the first conduit being connected at its first crossing to the dryer and at its second crossing to the discharge point. 2. An improvement as in claim 1, wherein the second conduit is connected for flowing the ambient air from a first source of ambient air adjacent the dryer and from a second source of ambient air remote from the dryer; and further comprising valve means operatively associated with the second conduit for flowing the ambient air from a selected one of the two sources. 3. An improvement as in claim 1, wherein the first conduit comprises a loop of tubing and the second conduit comprises a box-like housing. 4. An improvement as in claim 3, wherein the housing is an open box-like housing having a top with an opening, a front with an opening and first and second sides, the top opening being connected to draw the ambient air from the source and the front opening being connected to deliver the ambient air after preheating to the dryer; and wherein the tubing comprises a loop of circular cross-sectioned tubing that extends from side-to-side across said housing and back again. 5. In an air intake preheater for a clothes dryer or the like, in which hot, moisture-laden air exhausted from the dryer is used to preheat fresh, ambient air drawn into the dryer, the preheater having a first conduit connected for flowing the exhausted air from the dryer to a discharge point, and a second conduit connected for flowing the ambient air, in heat exchange relationship with the exhausted air flowed through the first conduit, from a source of ambient air to the dryer, the improvement comprising: the second conduit comprising an open box-like housing having a top with an opening, a front with an opening, and first and second sides, the top opening being connected to draw the ambient air from the source and the front opening being connected to deliver the ambient air after preheating to the dryer; and the first conduit comprising a loop of tubing that extends from side-to-side across the housing and back again; wherein the portion of the tubing loop extending from side-to-side across the housing is connected to the dryer and the portion of the tubing loop extending back again is connected to the discharge point; the portion extending back again being located closer to the housing top opening than the portion extending across; the tubing being directed through the housing along a path that provides first and second transverse crossings in series in opposite directions of the air flow in said tubing relative to the air flow in the housing, the first crossing being downstream of the second crossing in the air flow in the housing. 6. An improvement as in claim 5, for use with a dryer having a rear surface with an air intake opening therein, and wherein the housing is dimensioned and configured to be mounted against the rear surface of the dryer, with the front opening of the housing covering the dryer air intake opening. 7. An improvement as in claim 6, wherein the housing has outwardly turned flanges bordering said front opening, the flanges being dimensioned and configured to fit in flush contact with the rear surface of the dryer. 8. An air intake preheater for a clothes dryer or the like, in which hot, moisture-laden air exhausted from the dryer is used to preheat fresh, ambient air drawn into the dryer, the preheater comprising: a first conduit in the form of a tubular section connected for flowing the exhausted air from the dryer to a discharge point; and a second conduit in the form of a box-like housing for flowing the ambient air, in heat exchange relationship with the exhausted air flowed through the first conduit, from a source of air to the dryer, the first conduit communicating in air flow relationship with the second conduit through the dryer; the first conduit looping through the second conduit along a path that provides transverse crossings in series in opposite directions of the exhaust air flow relative to the ambient air flow; the first conduit being connected to the dryer at a first crossing and being connected to the discharge point at a second crossing, the first crossing being located downstream of the second crossing in the ambient air flow path. 9. A preheater as in claim 8, wherein the second conduit comprises a shell housing having a generally vertical planar configuration with rectangular top, bottom, rear, left side and right side panels, with an ambient air intake opening in the top of the box and having an opening for exiting the ambient air after preheating to the dryer; and wherein the first conduit comprises a loop of tubing that lies generally in the plane of the second conduit housing and has a lower run of the loop extending from side-to-side across the housing for connection to receive exhausted air from the dryer and an upper run of the loop extending back across the housing to deliver the exhausted air to the discharge point. 10. A preheater as in claim 9, for use with a dryer having a rear surface with an air intake opening therein, wherein the housing has an open front that serves as the ambient air exiting opening of the housing, and further comprising flange means for mounting the housing with its open front flush against the rear surface of the dryer. 11. A preheater as in claim 9, for use with a dryer having a surface with an air intake opening therein, wherein the housing further includes a front panel, and further comprising means for connecting the housing exiting opening for flowing ambient air after preheating to the air intake opening of the dryer. 12. A preheater as in claim 11, wherein the connecting means comprises an adapter having an air intake port and an air exit port, the adapter being dimensioned and configured for mounting with its exit port in ambient air transmission communication with the dryer intake opening; and means for communicating preheated ambient air from the housing exiting opening to the adapter air intake port. 13. A preheater as in claim 9, further comprising means for connecting the top opening to a first source of ambient air adjacent the dryer and to a second source of solar-heated ambient air remote from the dryer; and valve means operatively associated with the connecting means for flowing the ambient air from a selected one of the two sources to the housing through the top opening. 14. In combination with a clothes dryer having an air inlet for drawing fresh, ambient air into the dryer and an air outlet, in air flow communication through the dryer with the air inlet, for exhausting hot, moisture-laden air from the dryer, apparatus for preheating the indrawn ambient air with the heat of the exhausted air, the preheater comprising: a rectangular box-like housing having a discharge port connected to the dryer inlet and an intake port connected to a source of ambient air; a tube having an intake port connected to the dryer outlet and a discharge port connected to a discharge point and having a looped section located within the housing; the looped section functioning to carry the exhausted air from the dryer outlet, in heat exchange relationship with the ambient air drawn into the dryer inlet, along a path that provides oppositely directed transverse crossings in series of the exhaust air flow relative to the ambient air flow. 15. A preheater as in claim 14, further comprising: a first conduit connecting the housing intake port for drawing ambient air from a first source adjacent the dryer and a second conduit connecting the housing intake port for drawing ambient air from a second source remote from the dryer; and valve means operatively associated with the first and second conduits for flowing the ambient air from a selected one of the sources to the housing intake port. 16. A preheater as in claim 15, wherein the second source comprises a source of air in an attic space of a building. 