A simulated beam construction comprises a rectangular elongated core member with several laterally arranged prongs or barbs. Wooden, laminated wooden or plastic planks with a lateral channel are fitted closely together and adapted to receive one of the barbs for the anchoring of the planks along the core member. Two L-shaped planks are arranged on opposite sides of the extrusion member such that the horizontal legs abut each other and cooperate with the other laterally arranged planks to enclose the core member.
Claims I claim: 1. In a structure such as a sun room, solar room, greenhouse, or the like, a framework for supporting a panel-like comprising: at least two spaced-apart beam members for supporting said panel-like member therebetween, each of said beam members comprising: an elongated core member having two sides, each said side having an outer surface, a plurality of spaced-apart projections arranged on said outer surface of said each side, each said projection extending generally coextensively withsaid core member and laterally outwardly on said each outer surface of said core member, and a plurality of planks on said each side of said core member, each said plank having a lateral open channel adapted to receive one of said projections for mounting of said each plank, and said each plank abutting an adjacent plank to generally enclose said core member, said plurality of planks having different lengths, said each projection carrying a number of said planks to form a single row, and said plurality of projections forming several adjacent rows of said planks on said each side of said core member, whereby said planks of a respective row are ataggered relative to said planks of an adjacent row. 2. In a structure of claim 1, wherein said planks of said respective row have a surface abutting said planks of said adjacent row. 3. In a structure of claim 1, wherein said panel-like member is glass. 4. In a structure of claim 1, wherein said panel-like member is thermoplastic. 5. In a structure of claim 1, wherein said core member is metal. 6. In a structure of claim 1, wherein said core member is aluminum. 7. In a structure of claim 1, wherein said core member is steel. 8. In a structure of claim 1, wherein said core member is an extrusion. 9. In a structure of claim 1, wherein said core member is a rolled member. 10. In a structure of claim 1, wherein said each projection is substantially rigid, is an integral part of said core member, and has an extreme outer end with an enlarged portion for an interference fit of said each plank on said projection. 11. In a structure of claim 1, wherein said structure has an interior portion and wherein said each beam member is part of a glazing bar for said framework and is disposed on said interior of said structure. 12. In a structure of claim 1, wherein said each plank is solid wood. 13. In a structure of claim 1, wherein said each plank is laminated wood. 14. In a structure of calim 1, wherein said each plank is plastic. 15. In a structure of claim 2, wherein said each beam member is in a curved configuration, and wherein for said curved configuration, said planks are mounted on said projections and are bent as a unit whereby said configuration is retained while resisting delamination of said planks. 16. In a structure of claim 1, wherein said each beam member is a part of a glazing bar in said framework, and is disposed on the interior of said structure, and wherein said panel-like member is a glass panel. 17. In a structure of claim 1, wherein said core member is substantially rectangular in cross section, wherein said plurality of planks on said each side of said core member are arranged to form upper planks and a lower plank, said lower plank on said each side being an L-shaped member with an L-shaped configuration in cross section, and having a horizontal leg with a surface whereby said surface of said horizontal leg of one said lower plank abuts the surface of said horiontal leg of the other said lower plank, and wherein said upper planks are substantially rectangular in cross section. 18. A beam construction, comprising: an elongated core member having two sides, each with an outer surface, and being generally rectangular in cross section, a plurality of spaced-apart projections arranged on said outer surface of said each side, each said projection extending laterally and outwardly therefrom, and a plurality of planks on said each side of said core member, each said plank having a lateral open channel adapted to receive one of said each projection for mounting of said each plank, and said each plank abutting an adjacent plank to generally enclose said core member, said plurality of planks being further arranged on said each side of said core member to form upper planks and a lower plank on said each side of said core member, said lower plank on said each side being a generally L-shaped member with an L-shape configuration in cross section, and having a horizontal leg with a surface, whereby said surface of one said lower plank abuts the surface of the other said lower plank, and said upper planks being generally rectangular in cross section. 19. A beam construction of claim 1, wherein said core member is substantially an elongated metal member. 20. A beam construction of claim 18, wherein said core member is aluminum. 21. A beam construction of claim 18, wherein said core member is steel. 22. A beam construction of claim 18, wherein said core member is an extrusion. 23. A beam construction of claim 18, wherein said core member is a rolled member. 24. A beam construction of claim 18, wherein said each projection is generally continuous and coextensive with the length of said core member. 25. A beam construction of claim 18, further comprising means in said horizontal leg of said each L-shape member for securing said L-shape members together. 26. A beam construction of claim 18, wherein said each projection is substantially rigid and comprises end means having surfaces for allowing said plank to be disposed thereon and for supporting said plank. 27. A beam construction of claim 18, wherein said each projection has an extreme outer extending into said channel of said plank for supporting said plank. 28. A beam construction of claim 18, wherein said each projection is an integral part of said core member. 29. A beam construction of claim 18, wherein said each plank is solid wood. 30. A beam construction of claim 18, wherein said each plank is laminated wood. 31. A beam construction of claim 18, wherein said each plank is made of plastic. 32. A beam construction of claim 18, wherein said each projection and said each plank substantially extend the length of said core member. 33. A beam construction of claim 18, wherein said each projection is substantially rigid and extends the length of said core member, wherein said planks have different lengths, and wherein said each projection carries a number of said planks to form a row, and said plurality of projections form aeveral adjacent rows of said planks on said each side of said core member, whereby said planks of a respective row are staggered relative to said planks of an adjacent row. 34. A beam construction, comprising: an elongated core member being generaly rectangular in cross section and having two sides, each with an outer surface, a plurality of spaced-apart projections arranged on said outer surface of said each side, each said projection extending laterally and outwardly therefrom, and a plurality of planks on said each side of said core member, each said plank having a lateral open channel adapted to receive one of said projections for mounting of said each plank, and said each plank abutting an adjacent plank to generally enclosed said core member, said plurality of planks having different lengths, said each projection carrying a number of said planks to form a single row, and said plurality of projections forming several adjacent rows of said planks on said each side of said core member, whereby said planks of a respective row are staggered relative to said planks of an adjacent row. 35. In a structure such as a sun room, solar room, greenhouse, or the like, a framework for supporting a pane-like member comprising: at least two spaced-apart beam members for supporting said panel-like member therebetween, each of said beam members comprising: an elongated core member having two sides, each said side having an outer surface, a plurality of spaced-apart projections arranged on said outer surface of said each side, each said projection extending generalIy coextensively with said core member and laterally outwardly on said each outer surface of said core member, and a plurality of planks on said each side of said core member, each said plank having a lateral open channel adapted to receive one of said projections for mounting of said each plank, and said each plank abutting an adjacent plank to generally enclose said core member, said plurality of planks being further arranged on said each side of said core member to form upper planks and a lower plank on said each side of said core member, said lower plank on said each side being a generally L-shaped member with an L-shaped configuration in cross section, and having a horizontal leg with a surface, whereby said surface of one said lower plank abuts the surface of the other said lower plank, and said upper planks being generally rectangular in cross section. 