A device for indicating values which are of interest in hydroculture applications is characterized in that the device includes a tube open at one end thereof and attached to a vessel at another end thereof. A probe including a sensor is disposed proximate the one end of the tube for responding to liquid. An IC connected to the sensor includes an electronic system 12 and an optical or acoustic signal transmitter (15) is connected to the electronic system galvanically or in a wireless manner. This arrangement makes it possible to reliably indicate any absence of liquid and to read the indication with ease.
Claims We claim: 1. A device for indicating values which are of interest in hydroculture applications comprising: a tube open at one end thereof and attached to a vessel at another end thereof; probe means, comprising at least one sensor and disposed proximate said tube one end, for responding to a liquid; an IC connected to said sensor and comprising an electronic system; strip means for supporting said probe means and said electronic system; and means for removably mounting said strip means, within said tube and vessel in order to facilitate removal of said probe and electronic system for maintenance while said tube and vessel remain insitu in a hydroculture medium 2. The device according to claim 1, wherein said sensor comprises two electrodes. 3. The device according to claim 1 or 2, wherein said electronic system provides a signal when the electrical resistance between the electrodes corresponds to the absence of liquid in the hydroculture medium. 4. The device according to claim 3 wherein said electronic system is configured for emitting a signal when an adjustable resistance value is reached between the electrodes. 5. The device according to claim 4 further comprising means for indicating the resistance value between the electrodes with a scale displaying pH valves corresponding to respective resistance valves. 6. The device according to claim 1 further comprising additional sensor means for responding to the liquid, said additional sensor means being disposed at a certain distance from the tube one end. 7. The device according to claim 6 further comprising a buzzer controlled by said additional sensor means. 8. The device according to claim 1 further comprising a thermometer interconnected with said electronic system. 9. The device according to claim 8 wherein said thermometer is connected to said electronic system and the latter emits signals in response to the temperature. 10. The device according to claim 9 wherein said electronic system comprises means for controlling a heater. 11. The device according to claim 1 further comprising batteries for supplying power to the electronic system in the device. 12. The device according to claim 11 further comprising solar cell means for charging the batteries. 13. The device according to claim 1 further comprising a light-sensitive sensor interconnected with means for indicating the averaged value of the quantity of light measured for a period of time. 14. The device according to claim 1 further comprises means for releasably attaching said vessel and tube to one another. 15. The device according to claim 1 further comprising means for attaching said device to the wall of a container. 16. The device according to claim 1 further comprising means for installing said device in the wall of a container. 