A solar tracking control system selectively energizes and deenergizes a motor. The motor causes a rotatable shaft supported on a base and situated parallel to the earth's axis of rotation to be rotated. A U-member is connected to the rotatable shaft and to a frame upon which there is mounted a solar panel or collector. A bracket is connected to each of the two U-member legs and to the frame. Two reinforcing walls are connected to the U-member legs and the U-member middle portion so as to reinforce and retain the U-member shape. By selectively rotating the rotatable shaft, the solar panel or collector is pivoted in a substantially perpendicular position to the sun throughout the day. In another mounting assembly, the frame is connected to a first plate having a pivot hole and a plurality of equidistant angle displacement holes. A second plate is connected to the base and has a pivot hole and an angle displacement hole. A pivot shaft is received through the pivot holes thereby allowing the frame to pivot. An angle displacement shaft is selectively received through the second plate angle displacement hole and any one of the first plate angle displacement holes so as to selectively angularly fix the frame and solar panel or collectors to more substantially be perpendicular to the sun during the various seasons of the year.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mounting assembly for pivotally connecting a solar panel or collector to a selectively rotatable shaft, said mounting assembly comprising: a frame whereupon the solar panel or collector can be mounted; a U-member having two legs connected to a middle portion, said middle portion connected to said frame; and, wherein said two legs are connected to the selectively rotatable shaft, said U-member, frame and the solar panel or collector being pivoted about the shaft by rotating the shaft. 2. The mounting assembly of claim 1 wherein said U-member legs are substantially parallel to one another and said middle portion is substantially perpendicular to said legs. 3. The mounting assembly of claim 2 further comprising a substantially flat reinforcing wall connected to said middle portion and both of said legs whereby said legs are kept substantially perpendicular to said middle portion. 4. The mounting assembly of claim 3 further comprising a second substantially flat reinforcing wall connected to the said middle portion and both of said legs whereby said legs are kept substantially perpendicular to said middle portion. 5. The mounting assembly of claim 1 further comprising a mounting bracket connected to one of said legs and to said frame for rigidly connecting said frame to said U-member. 6. The mounting assembly of claim 5 further comprising a second mounting bracket connected to the other of said legs and to said frame for rigidly connecting said frame to said U-member. 7. The mounting assembly of claim 1 wherein said legs are substantially flat, each having an inner face and an outer face, said middle portion being flat and having an inner face and an outer face and wherein said middle portion is substantially perpendicular to both of said legs. 8. The mounting assembly of claim 7 wherein said middle portion is integrally connected to each of said legs. 9. The mounting assembly of claim 7 further comprising a substantially flat reinforcing wall connected to said middle portion and both of said legs whereby said legs are kept substantially perpendicular to said middle portion. 10. The mounting assembly of claim 9 further comprising a second substantially flat reinforcing wall connected to the other side of said middle portion and both of said legs whereby said legs are further kept substantially perpendicular to said middle portion. 11. The mounting assembly of claim 7 further comprising a substantially flat mounting bracket having an inner face and an outer face, said mounting bracket connected to one of said legs with the mounting bracket inner face opposing said one leg outer face, said bracket being connected to said frame. 12. The mounting assembly of claim 11 wherein a portion of said mounting bracket extends beyond said one of said legs and said U-member middle portion, said extending portion of said mounting bracket being connected to said frame. 13. The mounting assembly of claim 12 further comprising a second substantially flat mounting bracket having an inner face and an outer face, said second mounting bracket connected to the other of said legs with the second mounting bracket inner face opposing the other of said legs outer face, said bracket being connected to said frame. 14. The mounting assembly of claim 13 wherein a portion of said second bracket extends beyond said other of said legs and said U-member middle portion, said extending portion of said second bracket being connected to said frame. 15. The mounting assembly of claim 1 further including a motor connected to the rotatable shaft for selectively rotating the same and, a base, said motor and rotatable shaft being mounted and supported on said base. 16. A mounting assembly for pivotally connecting a solar panel or collector to a selectively rotatable shaft, said mounting assembly comprising: a frame whereupon the solar panel or collector can be mounted; a U-member having two substantially flat legs, each of said legs having an inner face and an outer face and being connected to a middle flat portion having an inner face and an outer face and wherein said middle portion is substantially perpendicular to both of said legs; two substantially flat mounting brackets each having an inner face and an outer face, one of said mounting brackets connected to one of said legs with the mounting bracket inner face opposing said one leg outer face and being connected to said frame, said other mounting bracket connected to the other of said legs with the mounting bracket inner face opposing said other leg outer face and being connected to the frame; two substantially flat reinforcing walls, each of said walls connected to said middle portion and both of said legs whereby said legs are kept substantially perpendicular to said middle portion; and, wherein said two legs are connected to the selectively rotatable shaft, said U-member, frame and the solar panel or collector being pivoted about the shaft by rotating the shaft. 17. The mounting assembly of claim 16 wherein said mounting brackets extend beyond said legs and said U-member middle portion and wherein said extending part of said brackets are connected to said frame. 18. The mounting assembly of claim 17 further including a motor connected to the rotatable shaft for selectively rotating the same and, a base, said motor and rotatable shaft being mounted and supported on said base. 19. A mounting assembly for pivotally connecting a solar panel or collector to a base, said mounting assembly comprising: a frame whereupon the solar panel or collector can be mounted; a first plate connected to said frame, said plate having a pivot hole and a plurality of angle displacement holes each being equidistant from said pivot hole; a second plate connected to the base and situated substantially parallel to said first plate, said second plate having a pivot hole and an angle displacement hole being situated substantially the same distance apart from said second plate pivot hole as said distance between said pivot and displacement holes of said first plate; a pivot shaft received through said first plate pivot hole and said second plate pivot hole whereby said frame and first plate can pivot with respect to said second plate and the base; an angle displacement shaft selectively received through said second plate angle displacement hole and any one of said first plate angle displacement holes whereby said frame and first plate can be selectively angularly fixed with respect to said second plate and the base; a U-member having two legs, said second plate being connected to said U-member; and, a selectively rotatable shaft situated substantially perpendicular to the axis of rotation between said first and second plates and being pivotally mounted on the base, said two legs connected to the selectively rotatable shaft whereby the frame is pivoted about the selectively rotatable shaft axis of rotation by pivoting said rotatable shaft. 