A single assembly of a water heating system for heating the water and air in a room, and an electrochemical reactor which activates a gas alarm for human safety upon detection of a predetermined dosage of gas, such as, for example, a fatal dose of a gas such as carbon monoxide, and which detoxifies the gas.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A gas monitoring and heating assembly which comprises an electrochemical reactor containing an anode and a cathode disposed therein for the electrolytic conversion of water into hydrogen and oxygen, means for recovering the oxygen from the electrochemical reactor and introducing it into the atmosphere, an oxygen room sensor operatively connected to the electrochemical reactor for controlling the generation of oxygen based upon the measurement of the oxygen content in the room, a water heater containing a burner, means for recovering the hydrogen from the electrochemical reactor and introducing it as fuel to the burner, cold water inlet means and hot water outlet means for introducing cold water to said water heater and recovering hot water from said water heater, said water being heated by indirect heat exchange with the heat generated from the burner, and heating means comprising a heating chamber which communicates with the atmosphere, heat exchange conduit means disposed in said heating chamber and connected to said cold water inlet means and hot water outlet means and blower means for blowing air across said heat exchange conduit means, whereby at least a portion of the hot water recovered from the hot water outlet means can be selectively introduced into the heat exchange unit means for heating the air from the blower means, said water with the heat removed therefrom being returned to the cold water inlet means, and a gas alarm operatively associated with the oxygen room sensor, said gas alarm being activated when the oxygen room sensor senses a reduction in the oxygen content of the room below a predetermined level. 2. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the water heater includes a water tank disposed in the upper portion thereof, a combustion chamber which houses the burner disposed in the lower portion thereof and an exhaust conduit extending from the combustion chamber through the water tank to exhaust the gases of combustion and indirectly heat the water in the water tank. 3. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the electrochemical reactor includes a solar energy system as a source of power, said solar energy system including solar cell panels which contain a plurality of solar cells, surge protection variators operatively connected thereto, and a cut-out relay operatively associated therewith. 4. The assembly of claim 3, wherein the solar cell is made of gallium arsenide or silicon. 5. The gas monitoring and heating assembly of claim 1 wherein inlet means are provided for adding supplemental natural gas and oxygen fuel to the burner. 6. The assembly of claim 5, wherein the cathode defines a first ceramic conductive path member, and the anode defines a first ceramic conductive path member, and the anode defines a second ceramic conductive path member, and a diaphragm is operatively disposed between said first and second ceramic conductive path members. 7. The assembly of claim 6, wherein the cathode disposed in the first ceramic conductive path member is connected to a cathode lead through a cathode leader cable. 8. The assembly of claim 6, wherein the anode disposed in the second ceramic conductive path member is connected to an anode lead through an anode leader cable. 9. The assembly of claim 6, wherein the oxygen room sensor includes an oxygen percentage meter operatively connected to a sample measuring cell, a sample referencing cell, and pressure compensating cells for measuring oxygen in the room. 