The invention relates to a system and process for production of carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrogen rich fertilizers by anaerobic digestion of waste materials. The waste materials are digested in rotary digestion modules, and the chemical composition of the organic materials in the modules is monitored to determine the progress of the decomposition.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for digestion of an organic waste slurry, comprising: a plurality of digestion modules, each having a waste inlet port, a gas discharge port, and means for agitating the waste contained within the digestion module in response to rotation of the module; means for filling the digestion modules with the organic waste slurry; rotation means for causing controlled rotation of the modules during the digestion process; means for maintaining the temperature of the digestion modules within a selected range; gas collection means operatively connected to each of the digestion modules for collecting gases produced in each of the digestion modules; and means for emptying the slurry from each module upon completion of digestion therein; 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the rotation means comprises: an inclined floor upon which the modules rest, the modules being urged to roll down the incline by gravitation; and means for selectively and controllably restraining the modules from rolling down the inclined floor, such restraining means being operative to permit controlled rotation of the modules as they roll down the inclined floor. 3. The system of claim 1 including a fluid pond in which the modules float. 4. The system of claim 3 in which the rotation means comprises mechanical means operatively connected to each module to rotate it as it floats in the pond. 5. The system of claim 1 further including a system enclosure for maintaining the ambient temperature around the modules within a predetermined range. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein the system enclosure is configured and arranged to receive and retain solar radiation to at least partially heat the interior of said enclosure. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the agitating means within each module comprises a plurality of radially extending agitator paddles. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein each module is comprised of a flexible material. 9. A system for the production of methane gas, carbon dioxide gas and fertilizer material by the anaerobic digestion of suitable organic materials comprising: a plurality of digestion modules; a filling means for filling the digestion modules with organic materials; an inclined planar surface for supporting the digestion modules; monitoring means for monitoring the contents of the digestion modules, adding materials to the modules, and extracting gases from the modules, movement control means for controlling movement of the digestion modules upon the inclined planar surface, extraction means for removing the digestion modules from the planar surface, emptying means for emptying the contents of the digestion modules, transporting means for transporting the digestion modules, and agitation means for agitating the contents of the modules as they move down the planar surface to promote the digestion process. 10. A process for digestion of organic waste materials, comprising the steps of: injecting the organic material into a tabular-shaped digestion module where the decomposition process occurs; agitating the organic material contained within the module by rotating the module to promote the decomposition process; monitoring the organic material contained in the module to determine chemical composition and progress of the decomposition process; adding water, liquid effluent and other substances as necessary to the contents of the module to promote efficient decomposition; extracting gases produced during decomposition from the module; and removing the remaining slurry when the decomposition process has reached a selected stage. 