A solar deep well steam pump has a solar collector, a steam boiler in the collector's focus, a deep well bladder pump having an actuating tube and a water delivery tube, and a mechanism periodically injecting steam under pressure from the boiler into the actuating tube of the bladder pump, the mechanism having an expansion chamber connected to the actuating tube of the bladder pump, a long period pendulum swinging by gravity to a first position, a steam injection valve between the boiler and the expansion chamber, the steam injection valve being opened by the pendulum in the first position, an impulse bladder connected to the expansion chamber so that steam pressure in the expansion chamber inflates the impulse bladder against the pendulum in the first position to urge the pendulum against the force of gravity toward a second position, an exhaust valve leading from the expansion chamber to the atmosphere, the exhaust valve being opened by the pendulum in the second position, the injection of steam into the expansion chamber by the injection valve forcing water down the actuating tube of the bladder pump and forcing pumped water from the delivery tube, the release of pressure in the expansion chamber by the exhasut valve allowing water to be forced back up the actuating tube into the expansion chamber for a subsequent pump cycle. A multi-layer pump bladder is adjustable according to well depth. The pump can also be operated by any source of compressed air or gas.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a pump having a source of gas under pressure, and a gas operated pump, a mechanism periodically injecting gas from said source of gas into said gas operated pump, said mechanism comprising, in combination, a long period pendulum turning towards a first position by gravity, an injection valve connected between said source of gas under pressure and said gas operated pump, a linkage between said pendulum and said injection valve, said linkage opening said injection valve when said pendulum is in said first position, an impulse tube connected between said injection valve and said gas operated pump, a member having a surface adjacent to the first position of said pendulum, and an elastic impulse bladder connected to said impulse tube adjacent to said surface so that inflation of said impulse bladder on the opening of said injection valve forces said impulse bladder against said pendulum urging said pendulum against the force of gravity toward a second position. 2. The combination according to claim 1 wherein said gas pressure operated pump is a bladder pump having a pump cylinder, an inlet check valve in said pump cylinder, an actuating tube extending into said pump cylinder, an elastic bladder in said pump cylinder connected to said actuating tube, an outlet check valve leading from said pump cylinder, and a water delivery tube extending from said outlet check valve, said mechanism injecting gas under pressure injecting gas into said actuating tube, and with the addition of an expansion chamber between said injection valve and said actuating tube, an exhaust valve to the atmosphere connected to said expansion chamber, and means activated by said pendulum in said second position opening said exhaust valve. 3. The combination according to claim 2 wherein said source of gas under pressure is a solar collector having a focus, and a steam boiler in the focus of said collector, said exhaust valve having a swinging closure, and with the addition of a striker on said pendulum, a plunger above said exhaust valve, said striker contacting said plunger when said pendulum is in said second position forcing said plunger down against said swinging closure of said exhaust valve opening said exhaust valve, and means closing said swinging closure on subsequent movement of said pendulum towards said first position. 4. The combination according to claim 3 wherein said means closing said swinging closure is an elastic strand connected between said swinging closure and said pendulum. 5. The combination according to claim 4 with the addition of a rotatable axle mounting said pendulum, a pendulum arm on said rotatable axle, a pivotally mounted control arm having a first end above said pendulum arm and a second end bove said injection valve, said control arm end above said pendulum arm containing an aperture, a link from said pendulum arm extending slidably through said aperture in said control arm, and an adjustable nut on said link so that said nut pivots said control arm when said pendulum is in said first position, and means at said second end of said control arm opening said injection valve. 6. The combination according to claim 5 wherein said injection valve has a "T" with upper and lower ends and a leg, said steam boiler being connected to said leg, said expansion chamber being connected to said lower end of said "T", a valve shaft extending down through the upper end of said "T", a plug at the lower end of said valve shaft closing said lower end of said "T", and a soft rubber tube disposed about said valve shaft fixed at the upper end of said "T" and to said valve shaft, said valve shaft being connected to said second end of said control arm so that pivoting of said control arm lifts said valve shaft stretching said rubber tube and raising said plug to open said injection valve. 7. The combination according to claim 6 wherein said elastic pump bladder has multiple layers, the number of said layers substantially balancing the head of water above the pump bladder. 8. The combination according to claim 7 with the addition of a water jacket disposed about said expansion chamber, said water delivery tube conducting pumped water into said water jacket, and an outflow spout conducting pumped water from said water jacket. 9. The combination according to claim 7 with the addition of a pressure vessel, a pressurized water tube connecting said expansion chamber and said pressurized vessel, and a check valve in said pressurized water tube allowing flow from said expansion chamber into said pressurized vessel. 