A solar ventilator (1) is fittable to an edge (2) having first and second sides corresponding to first and second regions. The edge can be of a barrier, e.g. of a movable window of a motor vehicle or of a building. The ventilator has a suspension (5) for suspending the ventilator from the edge so that the ventilator will be adjacent the first region. The ventilator has a housing (4) having inlet and outlet portions (11,12) for enabling air to be transferred therebetween from a region to the other region. A fan (13) is comprised by the housing so as to enable the transfer of air. A solar generator (15) drives the fan. The ventilator may be arranged for direct or indirect reception of solar radiation.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar ventilator for fitting to an edge of a member having first and second sides corresponding to first and second regions, the ventilator comprising: suspension means for suspending said ventilator from said edge so that said ventilator later will be adjacent to said first region; housing means having at least one inlet and at least one outlet, said one inlet being adapted to receive air from one of said regions, said one outlet being adapted to discharge to the other of said regions said received air; fan means comprised by said housing means so as to enable said reception and discharge of air; and solar generator means for driving said fan means in response to solar radiation; said suspension means comprising at least one extension means respectably adjustably projectable from at least one side of said suspension means. 2. A solar ventilator as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least one portion of said suspension means is adapted to engage at least one engaging portion of a barrier. 3. A solar ventilator as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least one portion of said suspension means is constituted by said housing means. 4. A solar ventilator as claimed in claim 5, wherein said housing means comprises at least one abutment for mounting on said edge. 5. A solar ventilator as claimed in claim 6, wherein said housing means comprises an overhang portion for acting as said abutment. 6. A solar ventilator as claimed in claim 4, wherein said housing means comprises at least one projection corresponding to at least one recess in a frame and the like, said at least one projection being receivable by said at least one recess. 7. A solar ventilator as claimed in claim 1, wherein said housing means contains said fan means. 8. A solar ventilator as claimed in claim 1, wherein said fan means is a rotary fan. 9. A solar ventilator as claimed in claim 1, wherein said solar generator means comprises at least one photovoltaic generator. 10. A solar ventilator as claimed in claim 9, wherein at least one said photovoltaic generator is a panel. 11. A solar ventilator as claimed in claim 1, said generator means includes means arranged and adapted for indirect reception of solar radiation. 12. A solar ventilator as claimed in claim 1 wherein said edge is an edge of a barrier having fitted thereto said solar generator means. 13. A solar ventilator as claimed in claim 12 wherein said edge is of a movable window of a motor vehicle. 