An emission device includes a first electro optical converter for converting electrical energy from a supply source into optical energy. A second electrical converter is provided to convert the electrical energy into digital information which is converted into digital optical information by a second electro optical converter. A reception device includes two optoelectrical converters connected to the electro optical converters by an optical path, and an electrical power accumulator capable of storing said electric power delivered by said optoelectric converter. The power accumulator is capable of supplying the reception device with electric power.
Claims We claim: 1. System for remote-control of an electric device (20) and comprising, an emission device (1) provided with a source of electrical supply (4), a generator (8) generating sequential electrical digital information intended for controlling said electric device (2), a first electro-optical converter (12) electrically connected to the generator for receiving and converting said sequential electrical information into sequential optical information, as well as a second electro-optical converter (5) for converting the electrical energy of said supply source (4) into optical energy, a reception device (2) optically connected to the emission device and provided with a first opto-electrical converter (17) capable of reconverting said sequential information into sequential electrical information, a second opto-electrical converter (14) optically connected to said second electro-optical converter (5) and capable of reconverting the optical energy into electrical energy, and an accumulator of electrical energy (21,24) capable of storing the electrical energy delivered by said second opto-electrical converter (14) and of supplying electrical energy, at least partially, to the electric device (20), said electric device (20) comprising an electrical apparatus (43) and a digital control device (42) controlling said apparatus by means of said reconverted sequential information generated by said first opto-electrical converter (17) and controlling supply of said electrical energy to said apparatus (43) so that the electrical energy is supplied fully from said energy accumulator (21, 24) only during exploitation of each sequence of said reconverted electrical information. 2. System according to claim 1, characterized in that said electronic control device (42) controls its own operation in alternating phases of watching and of full activity. 3. System according to one of claims 1 or 2, characterized in that said electronic digital device (42) comprises a microprocessor. 4. System according to claim 1, characterized in that said first opto-electrical converter (17) of the reception device (2) is a photodiode of PIN type. 5. System according to claim 1, characterized in that said generator (8) of the emission device (1) comprises a microprocessor. 6. System according to claim 1, characterized in that said electronic control device (42) is made according to CMOS technology. 7. System according to claim 1, characterized in that said second electro-optical converter (5) is a laser diode. 8. System according to claim 1, characterized in that said second opto-electrical converter (14) is formed by the mounting in series of a plurality of photodiodes (27) operating in photovoltaic mode. 9. System according to claim 1, characterized in that said energy accumulator (21, 24) is a capacitor. 10. System according to claim 1, characterized in that said energy accumulator (21, 24) is a photoelectric cell. 11. System according to claim 1, characterized in that said energy accumulator (21, 24) delivers the total electrical supply of said electric device (20). 12. System according to claim 1, characterized in that said energy accumulator (21, 24) participates in the electrical supply of said electric device (20). 13. System according to claim 1, characterized in that the optical channel (3) connecting said emission device (1) and said reception device (2) comprises tow independent optical fiber arrangements (25, 26), respectively allocated to the transmission of said optical information and to that of the optical energy. 14. A remote-control system for controlling an electrical device comprising an emission device including a source of electrical energy, a generator adapted for producing sequential digital information for controlling said electrical device, a first electro-optical converter adapted for converting said sequential information in sequential optical information, a second electro-optical converter adapted for converting electrical energy to optical energy, a reception device optically connected to the emission device and first opto-electrical converter adapted for receiving and reconverting said sequential optical information into sequential electrical information, a second opto-electrical converter adapted for receiving and reconverting said optical energy into electrical energy, an accumulator for receiving said electrical energy and adapted for storing and delivering said electrical energy to the electrical device, wherein said electrical device includes an electrical apparatus and a digital control means adapted to receive said reconverted sequential electrical information, and to control the supply of electrical energy to said electrical apparatus, wherein said electrical information is produced in sequences and said electrical energy is supplied to the electrical apparatus at predetermined sequences. 