Provided is a method and apparatus for installing in the ground an array of posts of a photovoltaic panel support assembly. According to the invention, there is provided an adjustable template which comprises a rigid frame having a plurality of adjustable post guides and a plurality of guide rails, which are used in cooperation with an impact driver to install a plurality of support posts quickly and easily. The template is portable and provided with clamping means and a plurality of laser targets for use in cooperation with an alignment laser and an elevation laser to secure and align the template to previously installed posts.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A portable adjustable template for use in cooperation with an impact driver for installing in the ground an array of posts of a photovoltaic panel support assembly, said template comprising: a rigid frame to be positioned horizontally and longitudinally on the ground, said frame having a reference end and a work end; a plurality of post guides affixed to said frame work end at predetermined locations for positioning posts to be installed and guiding them into the ground during installation; clamping means for affixing said frame reference end to a previously installed post and aligning said frame therewith; a plurality of guide rails affixed to said frame work end at predetermined locations, each of said guide rails cooperating with a post guide to telescopically support a post while being driven into the ground; a drive chuck having an impact end for engagement with the impact driver and a driving end for engagement with a post to be installed, wherein said drive chuck is used in cooperation with a guide rail and a post guide to drive said post into the ground. 2. A template as in claim 1 wherein the impact driver is affixed to said frame. 3. A template as in claim 1 further comprising adjustment means for adjusting the elevation of the template to a predetermined height. 4. A template as in claim 3 wherein said adjustment means further comprises a jack affixed to said frame work end to raise or lower the template. 5. A template as in claim 1 further comprising depth monitoring means for monitoring the depth of each post during installation to achieve a predetermined depth. 6. A template as in claim 5 wherein said depth monitoring means further comprises a stopper member radially extending from a predetermined position on each of said posts to be installed for contacting the ground during installation and limiting the depth of installation of said posts. 7. A template as in claim 5 wherein said depth monitoring means further comprises a laser target affixed to said drive chuck at a predetermined location used in cooperation with an elevation laser. 8. A template as in claim 5 wherein said depth monitoring means is in electric communication with the impact driver in a closed loop system such that the impact driver is automatically shutoff when a post is installed to said predetermined depth. 9. A template as in claim 1 further comprising alignment monitoring means for monitoring the longitudinal alignment of said frame to achieve a predetermined orientation. 10. A template as in claim 9 wherein said alignment monitoring means further comprises a laser target affixed to said frame work end at a predetermined location used in cooperation with an alignment laser. 11. A template as in claim 1 further comprising elevation monitoring means for monitoring the elevation of said template to achieve a predetermined height. 12. A template as in claim 11 wherein said elevation monitoring means further comprises a laser target affixed to said frame work end at a predetermined location used in cooperation with an elevation laser. 13. A template as in claim 1 wherein said clamping means further comprises a plurality of releasable clamps affixed to said frame reference end at predetermined locations. 14. A template as in claim 1 wherein said post guides are adjustable. 15. A template as in claim wherein said guide rails are substantially vertical. 16. A template as in claim 1 further comprising means for attaching said frame to the boom of a crane such that said frame may be raised and moved to the next succeeding position. 17. A portable adjustable template for use in cooperation with an impact driver for installing in the ground an array of posts of a photovoltaic panel support assembly, said template comprising: a rigid frame to be positioning horizontally and longitudinally on the ground, said frame having a reference end and a work end; adjustment means for adjusting the elevation of the template affixed to said frame reference end; elevation monitoring means for monitoring the elevation of the template to achieve a predetermined height; a plurality of post guides affixed to said frame work end at predetermined locations for positioning posts to be installed and guiding them into the ground during installation; a plurality of releasable clamps affixed to said frame reference end at predetermined locations for fastening said frame to previously installed posts and aligning said frame therewith; alignment monitoring means for monitoring the longitudinal alignment of said frame to achieve a predetermined orientation; a plurality of guide rails affixed to said frame work end at predetermined locations, each of said guide rails cooperating with a post guide to telescopically support the post while being driven into the ground; a drive chuck having an impact end for engagement with an impact driver and a driving end for engagement with a post to be installed, wherein said drive chuck is used in cooperation with a guide rail and a post guide to drive said post into the ground; and depth monitoring means for monitoring the installation of each post during installation to achieve a predetermined depth of each post. 18. A template as in claim 17 wherein said post guides adjustable. 19. A template as in claim 17 wherein said guide rails are substantially vertical. 20. A template as in claim 17 wherein said elevation monitoring means further comprises a laser target affixed to said frame work end at a predetermined location used in cooperation with an elevation laser. 21. A template as in claim 17 wherein said alignment monitoring means further comprises a laser target affixed to said frame work end at a predetermined location and used in cooperation with an alignment laser. 22. A template as in claim 17 wherein said depth monitoring means further comprises a stopper member radially extending from a predetermined position on each of said posts to be installed for contacting the ground during installation and limiting the depth of installation of said posts. 23. A template as in claim 17 wherein said depth monitoring means further comprises a laser target affixed to said drive chuck at a predetermined location used in cooperation with an elevation laser. 24. A template as in claim 17 wherein said adjustment means further comprises a jack affixed to said frame work end to raise or lower the template. 25. A template as in claim 17 wherein said depth monitoring means is in electronic communication with the impact driver in a closed loop system such that the impact driver is automatically shutoff when a post is installed to said predetermined depth. 26. A template as in claim 17 further comprising means for attaching said frame to the boom of a crane such that said frame may be raised and moved to the next succeeding position. 27. A portable adjustable template for use in cooperation with at least one impact driver, an alignment laser and an elevation laser for installing in the ground an array of posts of a photovoltaic panel support assembly, said template comprising: a rigid frame to be positioned horizontally and longitudinally on the ground, said frame having a reference end and a work end; adjustment means for adjusting the elevation of the template affixed to said frame reference end; a laser target affixed to said frame work end at a predetermined location used in cooperation with the elevation laser to monitor the adjustment of said frame to achieve a predetermined height; a laser target affixed to said frame work end at a predetermined location used in cooperation with an alignment laser to monitor the longitudinal alignment of said frame to achieve a predetermined orientation; a plurality of adjustable post guides affixed to said frame work end at predetermined locations for positioning posts to be installed and guiding them into the ground during installation; a plurality of releasable clamps affixed to said frame reference end at predetermined locations for fastening said frame to previously installed posts and aligning said frame therewith; a plurality of vertical guide rails affixed to said frame work end at predetermined locations, each to said guide rails cooperating with a post guide to telescopically support the posts while being driven into the ground; a drive chuck having an impact end for engagement with an impact driver and a driving end for engagement with a post to be installed, wherein said drive chuck is used in cooperation with a guide rail and a post guide to drive said post into the ground; a laser target affixed to said drive chuck at a predetermined location used in cooperation with an elevation laser to monitor the depth of each post to during installation to achieve a predetermined depth. 28. A template as in claim 27 wherein the impact driver is affixed to said frame. 29. A template as in claim 27 wherein said adjustment means further comprises a jack affixed to said frame work end to raise or lower the template. 30. A template as in claim 27 wherein said depth monitoring means is in electronic communication with the impact driver in a closed loop system such that the impact driver is automatically shutoff when a post is installed to said predetermined depth. 31. A template as in claim 27 further comprising means for attaching said frame to the boom of a crane such that said frame may be raised and moved to the next succeeding position. 32. A method for installing in the ground an array of posts of a photovoltaic panel support assembly, comprising the steps of: providing a template having at least one post guide at a predetermined location and means for aligning said template with at least one previously installed post; affixing said template to at least one previously installed post; horizontally and longitudinally positioning said template on the ground; providing means for driving the posts into the ground; positioning a post in said post guide; driving a post in cooperation with said driving means through said post guide; and repositioning said template such that it may be affixed to at least one previously installed post and the above steps may be replicated. 33. A method as in claim 32 further comprising the step of monitoring and adjusting the longitudinal alignment of said frame to achieve a predetermined orientation. 34. A method as in claims 32 or 33 further comprising the step of monitoring and adjusting the elevation of said template to achieve a predetermined height. 35. A method as in claims 32, 33 or 34 further comprising the step of monitoring and adjusting the position of the posts during installation to achieve installation of the posts to predetermined depths. 36. A method for installing in the ground a plurality of posts of a photovoltaic panel support assembly, comprising the steps of: providing a template having at least one post guide at a predetermined location and means for affixing said template to at least one previously installed post; affixing said template to at least one previously installed post; horizontally positioning said template on the ground while monitoring and adjusting its longitudinal alignment to achieve a predetermined orientation; vertically leveling said template while monitoring and adjusting its elevation to achieve a predetermined height; providing driving means for driving the posts into the ground; positioning a post in said post guide; driving a post in cooperation with said driving means through said post guide while monitoring its position to achieve a predetermined depth; and repositioning said template such that it may be affixed to at least one previously installed post and the above steps may be replicated. 