Disclosed is a heliostat assembly having a circular, ring mounted reflector which is driven and supported by an arrangement of elongated levers. A pair of levers are spaced apart and pivotally mounted at their lower ends, and have upper ends which are linked to the heliostat ring at diametrically opposite horizontally spaced location, by way of ball-and-socket type joints. A third lever has a first end similarly mounted to the heliostat ring at a location below and mid-way between the connections of the lever pair. Assuming the assembly is located in a south-facing heliostat field, the third lever extends generally southward to its second end which is mounted for movement about a horizontal axis. By driving each one of the lever pair in opposite directions the heliostat may be turned for solar tracking. The heliostat may also be driven to a protective stow position by pivoting the lever pair southwardly together in parallel, until the heliostat is turned to a horizontal, face-down position.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Heliostat assembly, comprising: a. solar reflector; b. first lever and a second lever, the lower ends of said first and said second lever each mounted at horizontally spaced apart locations to a fixed support base by universal joint means, the upper ends of said first and second lever each mounted to the periphery of said reflector at horizontally spaced apart locations thereon by universal joint means; c. central arm having a first end which is mounted to the periphery of said reflector by universal joint means at a location which is equidistant from the mounting locations thereon of said first and second levers, and the second end of said central arm mounted by hinge joint means to a fixed support at a location equidistant from the lower ends of said first and second levers, said hinge joint means providing for rotation about a horizontal axis only; and d. drive means for pivoting said first and said second levers relatively in opposite directions by preselected amounts to provide azimuthal steering of said reflector, and for pivoting said levers relatively in the same direction to provide elevational steering of said reflector. 2. Apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein said fixed support for said hinge joint means for said central arm holds said hinge joint means at an elevated location relative to the lower ends of said first and second levers. 3. Apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein said pivoting of said first and second levers in opposite directions turns the reflector about an axis that passes through the mounting location on said reflector periphery of said central arm, and which bisects said reflector. 4. Apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein the second end of said central arm is mounted at a location forward of said lever lower ends. 5. Apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein the second end of said central arm is mounted at a location rearward of said lower ends. 6. Apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein said first and second levers are pivotable relatively in opposite directions whereby the reflector is steered around an axis passing through the mounting location on said reflector periphery of said central arm, and said levers pivotable relatively in the same direction whereby the reflector is steered about an axis passing through the mounting locations of the upper ends of said first and second levers. 7. Apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein said first and second levers are pivotable in the same direction whereby said reflector is rotatable to and from a horizontal inverted, face-down position. 8. Heliostat system comprising a plurality of heliostat assemblies, each as defined in claim 7, and wherein said drive means includes a first linkage means interconnecting the first levers of said assemblies, and second linkage means interconnecting the second levers of said assemblies, whereby said first levers and said second levers are respectively driven in unison. 9. System as defined in claim 8 wherein said first and second linkage means comprise rigid members. 10. Apparatus as defined in claim 1 wherein said reflector is circular. 11. Apparatus as defined in claim 10 wherein the upper ends of said first and second levers mount to said reflector periphery at diametrically opposite locations. 12. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said drive means includes a hydraulically powered actuator for said first and second arm respectively. 13. Apparatus as defined in claim 12 including conduit means for hydraulically linking said actuator for said first arm with said actuator for said second arm. 