An autonomous radar transmitting system transmits radar signals which simulate the presence of a police-manned radar station. A controller runs pseudo-randomizing programs to select the width of a radar pulse transmitted as well as the time lapse between subsequent pulses. The radar output of the system is therefore sufficiently random to prevent a detecting circuit from identifying it in the time it takes for a motorist with a radar detector to reach the radar source. This system is battery powered and a photovoltaic panel is provided to recharge the battery, thus giving the system a long lifespan. Also provided is an infrared detector through which infrared signals may be input to the controller. Thus, external control is provided without making the system susceptible to tampering or vandelism. Most of the electrical components are enclosed in a weatherproof casing capable of being mounted in a number of discrete, convenient locations. The casing includes a drainage hole with a downwardly extending tube for allowing the drainage of condensation buildup within the casing.
Claims I claim: 1. An automatic radar transmitting system for simulating the presence of a police-manned radar station, the system comprising: a radar signal generator generating signals at a frequency and signal strength sufficient to cause an alert status in a radar detector when the signal is transmitted by a microwave antenna; a microwave antenna for transmitting signals from the signal generator; a power source for providing electrical power to the system; a transmitter switch between the power source and the signal generator; a controller for controlling the transmitter switch, the controller repeatedly generating a control signal which closes the switch for selected durations of time to cause the radar signal generator to generate said radar signals, said time durations being substantially random within a range of durations, the switch closings occurring at time intervals which are substantially random within a range of intervals, the controller also comprising means for responding to external input signals, a first external input signal causing the controller to put the system into an idle state by ceasing to close the transmitter switch and a second external input signal causing the controller to begin closing the transmitter switch again; a radiation detector for receiving coded radiation signals and converting them to electrical signals which are input to the controller as said external input signals; and a detector switch through which the detector receives power from the power source, the controller comprising means for applying a control signal to the detector switch which closes the detector switch, the control signal being applied to the detector switch periodically such that the detector operates on a duty cycle. 2. The radar transmitting system of claim 1 wherein the controller comprises a microprocessor. 3. The radar transmitted system of claim 1, wherein one of said external input signals is a preparatory signal input to the controller from the radiation detector, the preparatory signal being received while the radiation detector is operating on the duty cycle, and wherein the controller further comprises means for responding to the preparatory signal by closing the detector switch to provide continuous power to the radiation detector for a predetermined period of time before returning it to the duty cycle. 4. The radar transmitting system of claim 1, further comprising a second microwave antenna for transmitting the radar signals in a direction other than the transmitting direction of the first microwave antenna, and where the output of the signal generator is divided and transmitted using both microwave antennas. 5. The radar transmitting system of claim 1, wherein the radiation detector is an infrared detector. 6. The radar transmitting system of claim 1 wherein the power source comprises a battery and a photovoltaic panel, wherein the photovoltaic panel collects solar energy and converts it to electricity which is applied to the battery, replenishing charge to the battery as charge is expended powering the system. 7. The radar transmitting system of claim 6 further comprising a charge control device through which the the charge transfer from the photovoltaic panel to the battery is controlled, such that when the charge on the battery reaches a predetermined maximum, the charge control device prevents charge transfer from the photovoltaic panel to the battery. 8. The radar transmitting system of claim 6, wherein the controller further comprises means for monitoring the charge level of the battery and increasing the time period of the intervals between closings of the transmitter switch as the change level on the battery decreases. 9. The radar transmitting system of claim 6 further comprising a weatherproof casing in which the radar signal generator, the battery, and the controller reside. 10. The radar transmitting system of claim 9 wherein said weatherproof casing is aluminum. 11. The radar transmitting system of claim 9 wherein the weatherproof casing includes a drainage hole in the bottom portion of the casing, the hole being in a region of the bottom portion of the casing substantially lower than the rest of the bottom portion of the casing, such that moisture condensing on the inside of the casing will drain through the drainage hole. 12. The radar transmitting system of claim 11 further comprising a section of tubing sealed to and extending downward from the region of the bottom portion of the weatherproof casing surrounding the drainage hole. 13. The radar transmitting system of claim 12 further comprising a screen covering the open portion of the bottom of the section of tubing. 14. An automatic radar transmitting system for simulating the presence of a police-manned radar station, the system comprising: a radar signal generator generating radar signals at a frequency and signal strength sufficient to cause an alert status in a radar detector when the signal is transmitted by a microwave antenna; a microwave antenna for transmitting signals from the signal generator; a power source comprising a battery and a photovoltaic panel, wherein the battery powers the system and the photovoltaic panel collects solar energy, converting it to electricity which is applied to the battery to replenish charge to the battery as charge is expended from the battery, the charge passing through a charge control device which prevents the charge transfer from the photovoltaic panel to the battery when the charge on the battery reaches a predetermined maximum; a transmitter switch between the power source and the signal generator, the switch being responsive to a control signal; a controller for controlling the system, the controller comprising means for responding to external input signals and means for generating control signals, a first control signal controlling the transmitter switch and closing the transmitter switch repeatedly for selected durations of time, said time durations being substantially random within a range of durations, the switch closings occurring at time intervals which are substantially random within a range of intervals, a first external input signal being indicative of the charge level on the battery and causing the controller to respond by modifying said first control signal to lengthen the time between transmitter switch closings beyond said range of intervals as the charge on the battery decreases below a predetermined level, a second external input signal causing the control to respond by ceasing to generate said first control signal, leaving the transmitter switch in an open position, and a third external control signal causing the controller to respond by recommencing generation of said first control signal; and an infrared detector for receiving infrared signals and converting them to electrical signals which are input to the controller as external input signals, the detector receiving power through a detector power switch controlled by one of said control signals, the detector power switch being closed periodically such that the detector is operated on a duty cycle. 15. The radar transmitting system of claim 14 further comprising a weatherproof casing in which the radar signal generator, the battery, and the controller reside, the bottom portion of the casing including a drainage hole in a region of the bottom portion of the casing substantially lower than the rest of the bottom portion of the casing such that moisture condensing on the inside of the casing will drain through the drainage hole. 16. The radar transmitting system of claim 15 further comprising a section of tubing sealed to and extending downward from the region of the bottom portion of the weatherproof casing surrounding the drainage hole. 17. The radar transmitting system of claim 16 further comprising a screen covering the open portion of the bottom of the section of tubing. 18. An automatic radar transmitting system for simulating the presence of a police-manned radar station, the system comprising: a radar signal generator generating a signal at a frequency and signal strength sufficient to cause an alert status in a radar detector when the signal is transmitted by a microwave antenna; a microwave antenna for transmitting signal from the signal generator; a power source for providing electrical power to the system; a transmitter switch between the power source and the signal generator; a controller comprising means for generating control signals and means for responding to external input signals, a first control signal controlling the transmitter switch, the switch being closed repeatedly for selected durations of time; a radiation detector for receiving coded radiation signals and converting them to coded electrical signals which are input to the controller as external input signals, a first external input signal causing the controller to cease closing the transmitter switch; and a detector switch through which the radiation detector receives power, the switch closing in response to a second control signal from the controller, the second control signal being applied to the switch periodically such that the detector operates on a duty cycle. 19. The radar transmitting system of claim 18, wherein the controller comprises a microprocessor. 20. The radar transmitting system of claim 18, wherein after receiving said first external input signal, the controller automatically recommences closing of the transmitter switch after a predetermined period of time has elapsed from the time the first external input signal was received. 21. The radar transmitting system of claim 18, wherein, after receiving said first external input signal, the receipt of a second external input signal causes the controller to recommence closing of the transmitter switch. 22. The radar transmitting system of claim 18, wherein the radiation detector is an infrared detector. 23. An automatic radar transmitting system comprising a plurality of automatic radar transmitters spaced part from one another along a road or system of roads and each simulating the presence of a police-manned radar station, each automatic radar transmitter comprising: a radar signal generator generating a signal at a frequency and signal strength sufficient to cause an alert status in a radar detector within the range of the transmitter when the signal is transmitted with a microwave antenna; a microwave antenna for directionally transmitting signals from the signal generator; a power source comprising a battery and a photovoltaic panel, wherein the battery powers the system and the photovoltaic panel collects solar energy, converting it to electricity which is applied to the battery as charge is expended form the battery; a transmitter switch between the power source and the signal generator, the switch being response to a control signal; a controller for controlling the system wherein the controller comprises means for generating control signals and means for responding to external input signals, a first control signal controlling the transmitter switch and closing the switch repeatedly for substantially random durations of time within a selected range of time durations, the switch closings occurring at substantially random time intervals within a selected range of intervals, the controller responding to a first external input signal indicative of the charge on the battery, the controller modifying said first control signal to lengthen the intervals between switch closings beyond said selected range as the power of the battery decreases below a predetermined level, and wherein a second external input signal causes the controller to put the system in an idle state by modifying said first control signal to cease closing the transmitter switch, the controller automatically terminating said idle state when a predetermined period of time has elapsed from the time the idle state was initiated; and a radiation detector for receiving radiation signals and converting them to electrical signals which are input to the controller as external input signals including said second external input signal. 24. An automatic radar transmitting system for simulating the presence of a police-manned radar station, the system comprising: a radar signal generator generating signals at a frequency and signal strength sufficient to cause an alert status in a radar detector when the signal is transmitted by a microwave antenna; a microwave antenna for transmitting signals from the signal generator; a power source for providing electrical power to the system, the power source comprising a battery and a photovoltaic panel, wherein the photovoltaic panel collects solar energy and converts it to electricity which is applied to the battery, replenishing charge to the battery as charge is expended powering the system; a transmitter switch between the power source and the signal generator; and a controller for controlling the transmitter switch, the controller repeatedly generating a control signal which closes the switch for selected durations of time to cause the radar signal generator to generate said radar signals, said time durations being substantially random within a range of durations, the switch closings occurring at time intervals which are substantially random within a range of intervals, the controller also comprising means for monitoring the charge level of the battery and increasing the time period of the intervals between closings of the transmitter switch as the charge level on the battery decreases. 