A multispectral glancing incidence X-ray telescope is illustrated capable of broadband, high-resolution imaging of solar and stellar X-ray and extreme ultraviolet radiation sources which includes a primary optical system preferably of the Wolter I type having a primary mirror system (20, 22). The primary optical system further includes an optical axis (24) having a primary focus (F1) at which the incoming radiation is focused by the primary mirrors. A plurality of ellipsoidal mirrors (30a, 30b, 30cand 30d) are carried at an inclination to the optical axis behind the primary focus (F1). A rotating carrier (32) is provided on which the ellipsoidal mirrors are carried so that a desired one of the ellipsoidal mirrors may be selectively positioned in front of the incoming radiation beam (26). In the preferred embodiment, each of the ellipsoidal mirrors has an identical concave surface carrying a layered synthetic microstructure coating tailored to reflect a desired wavelength of 1.5 .ANG. or longer. Each of the identical ellipsoidal mirrors has a second focus (F2) at which a detector (16) is carried. Thus the different wavelength image is focused upon the detector irregardless of which mirror is positioned in front of the radiation beam. In this manner, a plurality of low wavelengths in a wavelength band generally less than 30 angstroms can be imaged with a high resolution.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A multispectral X-ray telescope for producing broadband, high-resolution images of solar and steller X-rays and extreme ultraviolet radiation sources comprising: a telescope housing; a primary optical system carried within said housing having an optical axis and a primary focus lying on said optical axis, and primary mirror elements carried on a receiving end of said telescope housing for reflecting an incident radiation beam toward said primary focus of said primary optical system; an X-ray detector carried within said housing; a plurality of concave ellipsoidal mirrors disposed within said housing behind said primary focus at an inclination to said optical axis upon which said radiation beam is incident; said ellipsoidal mirrors being arranged in said optical system so that a first focal point of each said ellipsoidal mirror may be positioned to be coincident with the primary focus of said optical system; said detector being carried at a second focus of said ellipsoidal mirror off of said optical axis; a layered synthetic microstructure coating carried on each said ellipsoidal mirror to enhance the reflectivity of a desired wavelength of high energy radiation; and positioning means for selectively positioning one of said ellipsoidal mirrors behind said primary focus so that said radiation beam is incident upon said first focal point of said ellipsoidal mirror to thereby reflect X-rays of said desired wavelength upon said detector. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said ellipsoidal mirrors are elongated and are carried on a rotating carrier having its axis inclined to the optical axis of the optical system. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said rotating carrier is a cylindrical member and said elongated ellipsoidal mirrors are mounted with their longitudinal axis parallel to the rotational axis of said cylindrical member. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said ellipsoidal mirrors have concave surfaces of identical curvature so that each of said ellipsoidal mirrors has the same foci and each said mirror images upon said detection. 5. An X-ray telescope for high-resolution imaging of wavelengths in a low wavelength band comprising: a telescope housing; a primary optical system having a glancing incidence primary mirror element carried on a receiving end of the telescope housing for reflecting incident radiation beam; said primary optical system having an optical axis and a primary focus disposed within said housing; an ellipsoidal mirror having a concave surface disposed behind said primary focus at an inclination to the said optical axis of said primary optical system; said ellipsoidal mirror having a first focus coincident with the primary focus of said primary optical system; said ellipsoidal mirror having a second focus lying off of said optical axis; an X-ray detector carried at said second focus of said ellipsoidal mirror; and a layered synthetic microstructure coating deposited on the concave surface of said ellipsoidal mirror to enhance the reflectivity of a desired wavelength in said low wavelength band. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 including a plurality of said ellipsoidal mirrors each having an identical curvature; a different layered synthetic microstructure coating carried on each of said ellipsoidal elements to enhance the reflectivity of different wavelengths in said low wavelength band; and means for selectively positioning a desired one of said ellipsoidal mirrors at said inclination to said optical axis of said primary optical system in front of an incident beam of said radiation. 7. A method of imaging X-ray and extreme ultraviolet radiation sources over a broadband of wavelengths generally below 30 angstroms with a high-resolution which comprises the steps of: providing a glancing incidence primary mirror system for reflecting a radiation beam of said radiation source toward a primary focus of the primary optical system located on an optical axis of said optical system; arranging an ellipsoidal mirror along said optical axis behind said primary focus at an inclination to said optical axis so that a first focus of said ellipsoidal mirror is coincident with said primary focus of said optical system and a second focus of said ellipsoidal mirror is coincident with said primary focus of said ellipsoidal mirror lies off said optical axis; arranging an X-ray detector at said second focus of said ellipsoidal mirror; providing said ellipsoidal mirror in the form of a mirror element having a concave surface with a layered synthetic microstructure coating on said concave surface to reflect a desired wavelength within said broadband of low wavelengths. 8. The method of claim 7 including arranging a plurality of said ellipsoidal mirrors on a carrier at an inclination to said optical axis; providing a different layered synthetic microstructure coating on each of said ellipsoidal elements whereby each of said ellipsoidal mirrors reflects a different wavelength; and selectively moving a desired one of said ellipsoidal mirrors in front of said radiation beam to provide multiple spectral imaging of said radiation source according to different wavelengths; and forming each of said ellipsoidal mirrors to have an identical concave surface so that said second focus is identical for each of said ellipsoidal mirrors whereby said image reflected by each of said ellipsoidal mirrors falls upon said detector. 9. A method of imaging X-ray and extreme ultraviolet radiation sources with a high-resolution comprising the steps of: providing a glancing incidence primary mirror system for reflecting a radiation beam of said radiation source toward a principal focus of the primary optical system located on an optical axis of said optical system; arranging an ellipsoidal mirror at a point on said optical axis behind said primary focus of said optical system so that a first focus of the ellipsoidal mirror is coincident with said primary focus of said optical system; arranging an X-ray detector at a second focus of said ellipsoidal mirror; and providing a concave surface on said ellipsoidal mirror having a layered synthetic microstructure coating which reflects a desired wavelength. 10. The method of claim 9 comprising: providing a plurality of said ellipsoidal mirrors; carrying said ellipsoidal mirrors on a carrier which selectively positions a desired one of said ellipsoidal mirrors behind said primary focus; providing an identical concave curvature on each of said ellipsoidal mirrors so that each of said ellipsoidal mirrors has a same second focus. 11. The method of claim 9 including mounting said ellipsoidal mirrors at an inclination to said axis so that each of said ellipsoidal mirrors has a second focus at the identical location off of the optical axis. 