An air conditioning unit is provided for a parked automotive vehicle having a cooling unit comprising a cooling chamber with at least one insulated wall having on opposite sides thereof a heat sink and a cooling block having there between a thermoelectric chip. The air conditioning unit also comprises an air intake conduit, a cool air conduit, an exhaust conduit, and means for supplying power to the cooling unit. A method for cooling a parked automotive vehicle through the use of the air conditioning unit disclosed in the invention is also provided.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An air conditioner for an automotive vehicle comprising a cooling unit, said cooling unit located in the trunk of said automotive vehicle, said cooling unit comprising a cooling chamber having at least one insulated wall, said cooling chamber including a cooling fan, said insulated wall having on opposing sides thereof a heat sink and a cooling block, said cooling block being located in said cooling chamber, said heat sink and cooling block having therebetween a thermoelectric chip, said cooling unit also comprising a hot air chamber, said hot air chamber including an exhaust fan, an air intake conduit connected to said cooling unit, a cool air conduit connected to said cooling chamber, an exhaust conduit connected to said hot air chamber, and means for supplying power to said cooling unit, said means for supplying power to said cooling unit is by at least one solar panel positioned interiorly near the front window of said automotive vehicle, said means for supplying power movably mounted in said automotive vehicle, said means for supplying power secured to mounting means, said mounting means mounted in a retention means which includes a C-shaped channel. 2. The air conditioner according to claim 1 wherein said retention means is fastened to the dashboard of said automotive vehicle. 3. A method for air conditioning a parked automotive vehicle comprising the steps of positioning means for supplying power comprising at least one solar panel interiorly near the front window of the passenger compartment of said automotive vehicle, said solar panel being secured to mounting means, said mounting means movably mounted in retention means fastened to the dashboard of said automotive vehicle, providing power for operation of a thermoelectric chip, said power being provided by said means for supplying power, said thermoelectric chip being located in a cooling unit, said cooling unit comprising a cooling chamber having at least one insulated wall, said insulated wall having on opposing sides thereof a heat sink and a cooling block, said cooling block being located in said cooling chamber, said heat sink and cooling block having said thermoelectric chip therebetween, cooling the air inside said cooling chamber by means of the heat absorbed by said cooling block, and permitting the flow of air from said cooling chamber into said passenger compartment through a cool air conduit. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein said cooling unit also comprises a hot air chamber, said hot air chamber facilitating the flow of air from said passenger compartment into said hot air chamber. 5. The method of claim 4 in which the flow of air into said hot air chamber flows past said heat sink and exits said hot air chamber by means of an exhaust conduit. 6. The method of claim 5 in which said means for supplying power has two ends, one end being secured to said mounting means while the other end is detachably secured in said passenger compartment. 7. The air conditioner according to claim 1 wherein said means for supplying power to said cooling unit is a chargeable powersource. 8. The air conditioner according to claim 7 which includes means to shade the interior of said automotive vehicle. 9. The air conditioner according to claim 8 wherein said means to shade comprise a reflective panel. 10. An air conditioner for an automotive vehicle comprising a cooling unit, said cooling unit located in the trunk of said automotive vehicle, said cooling unit comprising a cooling chamber having at least one insulated wall, said cooling chamber including a cooling fan, said insulated wall having on opposing sides thereof a heat sink and a cooling block, said cooling block being located in said cooling block, said cooling block being located in said cooling chamber, said heat sink and cooling block having therebetween a thermoelectric chip, said cooling unit also comprising a hot air chamber, said hot air chamber including an exhaust fan, an air intake conduit connected to said cooling unit, a cool air conduit connected to said cooling chamber, an exhaust conduit connected to said hot air chamber, and means for supplying power to said cooling unit, said means for supplying power to said cooling unit is by at least one solar panel positioned interiorly near the front window of said automotive vehicle, said means for supplying power movably mounted in said automotive vehicle, said means for supplying power secured to mounting means, said mounting means mounted in a retention means, said retention means fastened to the dashboard of said automotive vehicle. 11. The air conditioner according to claim 10 wherein said means for supplying power to said cooling unit is a chargeable power source. 12. The air conditioner according to claim 11 which includes means to shade the interior of said automotive vehicle. 13. The air conditioner according to claim 12 wherein said means comprise a reflective panel. 14. An air conditioner for an automotive vehicle comprising a cooling unit, said cooling unit located in the trunk of said automotive vehicle, said cooling unit comprising a cooling chamber having an insulated wall having on opposing sides thereof a heat sink and a cooling block, said cooling block being located in said cooling chamber, said heat sink and cooling block having therebetween a thermoelectric chip, an air intake conduit connected to said cooling unit, a cool air conduit connected to said cooling chamber, an exhaust conduit connected to said heat sink, and means for supplying power to said cooling unit, said means for supplying power to said cooling unit is by at least one solar panel positioned interiorly near the front window of said automotive vehicle, said means for supplying power movably mounted in said automotive vehicle, said means for supplying power secured to mounting means, said mounting means mounted in a retention means, said retention means having a C-shaped channel. 15. The air conditioner according to claim 14 wherein said cooling chamber includes a cooling fan. 16. The air conditioner according to claim 15 wherein said cooling unit also comprises a hot air chamber. 17. The air conditioner according to claim 16 wherein said hot air chamber includes an exhaust fan. 