A method and system for purification of water for plants in a greenhouse structure. The method comprises condensing water vapor in the air in the greenhouse on the greenhouse walls, collecting the condensed water at the base of the walls and passing the collected water to the roots of the plants. To accomplish this method the system comprises a water supply for water to be purified, a mist generator for the air in the greenhouse from the water supply means and a heat source to generate heat in the greenhouse for vaporization of the mist. Cooling means are provided for the walls to cause water vapor in the air in the greenhouse to condense on the interior surfaces of the walls. The condensed water is collected and carried by conduit means to a nutrient solution reservoir for admixture with nutrient to be supplied to the roots of the plant.
Claims What I claim as my invention: 1. In a greenhouse for growing plants, the greenhouse having walls and nutrient solution supply means for the roots of the plants, a water purification system comprising: (a) a water supply means for water; (b) means communicating with said water supply means to generate a mist in the air in the greenhouse from the water supplied from said water supply means; (c) heat generation means in the greenhouse to vaporize the mist therein; (d) cooling means to cause water vapor in the air in the greenhouse to condense on the interior surfaces of the walls; (e) collection means in the bases of the walls to collect condensed water; and (f) conduit mean communicating with said collection means to carry the collected condensed water from the collection means to the nutrient solution supply means to be mixed with nutrient to be supplied to the roots of the plants. 2. A greenhouse according to claim 1 wherein the greenhouse walls are formed from a heat conductive translucent shell, the shell situated on a base. The shell and base enclosing a predetermined space within which the plants are to be grown, the base and shell to seal the environment within the space against external environmental air conditions and wherein the mist generation means are positioned within the shell above the base and associated with control means operable to produce a mist cloud over the plants, whereby water to be purified is passed into the air in the greenhouse as a mist, the mist evaporating to form water vapour which then condenses on the walls of the greenhouse and is collected at the collection means at the bases of the walls. 3. A greenhouse according to claim 2 wherein the cooling means for the walls comprises spray means for controlled spraying of a film of water over the external surface of the shell. 4. A greenhouse according to claim 3 wherein the walls are made from technically woven polyvinyl chloride coated polyester scrim with about a 95% light translucency. 5. A greenhouse according to claim 2 wherein the nutrient solution supply means for the roots of the plants comprises a plant root nutrient monitor means and a plant root nutrient control means for plants grown within the space, microprocessor means being electronically associated with the plant root nutrient monitor and control means and programmed to provide optimum nutrient concentration conditions for nutrient solution being fed to the roots of the plants being cultivated in the space, the nutrient control means comprising a nutrient solution mixing tank. A nutrient source activated by the microprocessor control means to feed nutrient in the tank, and conduits to supply nutrient solution from the tank to the roots of the plants being cultivated, the conduit means carrying water collected in the collection means at the bases of the walls to be mixed to the nutrient solution mixing tank as required with nutrient solution. 6. A greenhouse according to claim 2 wherein the water from the water supply means introduced to the mist generation means is first purified by ultra violet radiation and filtration. 7. A greenhouse according to claim 3 wherein the shell has convex sides extending upwardly to a central peak that spray means being mounted to spray water in a film over the external surface and down both sides of the shell to the base the shell sides having sufficient incline to permit water condensing on the internal surfaces of the walls to pass down the walls to the collection means at the bases of the walls. 8. A greenhouse according to claim 2 wherein the collection means comprises impermeable fabric aprons the upper end of each of which is secured to the lower parts of the interior surfaces of the walls and the lower end of each of which passes through a slot in the upper side of a collector pipa at the bases of the walls, the lower ends of the aprons being secured within the collector pipe, the aprons to collect water condensing on the walls and pass it into the collector pipe through the slots. 9. A greenhouse according to claim 8 wherein a collector pipe extends along the bases of the walls, the pipe being inclined to pass collected water towards the nutrient solution supply means. 10. A greenhouse according to claim 2 wherein the mist generation means comprises a plurality of fog nozzles 11. A greenhouse according to claim 10 wherein water supplied to the fog nozzles is first passed through a filtering and distribution manifold where it is filtered and pressurized. 12. A greenhouse according to claim 11 wherein the fog nozzles each comprise a nozzle body with a small water outlet orifice, water being supplied through a filter in the body to the orifice, and a conical impact head spaced opposite and nearby the water outlet orifice against which water passing through the orifice must impact to be broken into mist droplets. 13. A method of purifying water in a sealed greenhouse structure comprising the steps of sparying water in the form of a mist into the interior of the sealed greenhouse structure; vaporizing the mix into water vapor within the greenhouse structure; condensing the water vapor within the greenhouse structure on an internal side of at least one wall of heat-conductive translucent material; cooling an external side of said wall to cause condensation of the water vapor to water on the internal side of said wall while passing the heat of condensation of the condensed water vapor to said external side of said wall; and collecting the condensed water on said wall at a lower end for recycling. 14. A method as set forth in claim 13 wherein solar radiation passing through said translucent wall vaporizes the mist with water vapor within the greenhouse structure. 15. A method as set forth in claim 13 which further comprises the step of purifying the collected water prior to spraying into the greenhouse structure. 16. A method as set forth in claim 13 which further comprises the step of mixing nutrients with the collected water prior to spraying into the greenhouse structure. 17. In combination, a sealed greenhouse structure having walls of heat-conductive translucent material; p1 means for spraying water in the form of a mist into the interior of said greenhouse structure; means for vaporizing the mist into water vapor within said greenhouse structure; means for cooling the external side of said walls to cause condensation of the water vapor to water on the internal side of said walls while passing the heat of condensation of the condensed water vapor to said external side of said walls; means for collecting the condensed water on said walls at a lower end thereof; and conduit means for re-cycling the collected water from said collecting means to said means for spraying. 18. The combination as set forth in claim 17 which further comprises control means connected with said means for spraying water to produced a mist cloud over plants within said greenhouse structure. 19. The combination as set forth in claim 17 wherein said means for cooling sprays a film of water over said external sides of said walls. 20. The combination as set forth in claim 17 which further comprises a nutrient solution supply means for adding nutrient solution to the condensed water and control means for regulating the amount of nutrient solution to be added to the condensed water. 