A method and apparatus for process control in both the production of uniform material layers using vapor deposition, sputtering, chemical deposition, etc. and the treating of material layers. In particular, the process and apparatus are particularly useful in semiconductor fabrication where ion implantation or diffusion is used. A brief test signal of preset shape, frequency spectrum, or frequency sequence is applied at given time intervals to the material layer whose production characteristics need to be monitored. The measuring signal is applied to a digital evaluation circuit in a process control computer. The signal has various components whose time constants and/or conductivities are different from one another and which together are characteristics of the current flowing through the layer being monitored. In particular, the current flowing over the surface layer i.sub.1, the current flowing through particle houndary areas i.sub.3, and the current through homogeneous material ranges i.sub.2 can be distinguished from one another. The results from the measuring signal can be compared to stored reference values for the layer. Discrepancies between the actual and desired values are measured and used to adjust the process in a known fashion.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a production process for either the reproducable formation of material layers on substrates by vapor deposition, sputtering, chemical deposition or similar methods or the treatment of material layers on substrates, the method for controlling the process comprising the repeatable steps of generating a test signal; applying the test signal to the layers whose growth and characteristic parameters will be used to control the process; receiving the test signal from the layer; analyzing the test signal by determining its impedance components, said impedance components comprising intrinsic impedance, grain boundary impedance and surface impedance; comparing the test signal's impedance components with stored reference impedance component values for the layer being tested; and controlling the parameters of the process in response to the differences detected between the stored reference impedance component values and the test signal's impedance components. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the test signal may be one of a preset shape, preset frequency spectrum and preset frequency sequence. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the process being controlled is the manufacturing of semiconductor elements. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the impedance components are comprised of intrinsic current components, characteristic of the current flowing through homogeneous regions of the layer, grain boundary current components, characteristic of current flowing over the particle boundary areas, and a surface current component, characteristic of the current flowing over the layer's surface. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein a digital process control computer performs the analyzing, comparing and varying steps. 6. The method of claim 4, further characterized in that the test signal is a galvanostatic pulse with predefined shape and is applied to the layer as a current pulse. 7. The method of claim 4, wherein the repetition rate of the test signal is determined by the rate of the layer's formation. 8. The method of claim 4, wherein the values of the impedance components of the layer being tested are compared with reference impedance component values and, upon deviation from the reference values, the process is altered accordingly. 9. The method of claim 4, wherein applying the test signal is performed by electrodes adapted to the magnitude of the impedance values of the layer to be examined. 10. The method of claim 4, wherein applying, receiving and analyzing the test signal occurs outside the process chamber to avoid the disturbing effect of the plasma during the process. 11. The method of claim 4, further comprising simultaneously placing a reference substrate, which corresponds to the material being treated, in the process chamber and observing the effects on the reference substrate when a process which will change the layers being studied through plasma, implantation, and/or ion beam radiation treatment will occur. 12. The method of claim 4, wherein the test signal is received and analyzed at preset intervals. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the test signal values are digitized and compared to the stored reference impedance values for determination of the layer's growth and characteristic parameters. 14. The method of claim 12, further characterized in that the test signal, a signal with preset frequency range, preferentially a noise signal or a signal sequence with increasing or decreasing frequency, is applied to the layer and that analyzing the test signal comprises evaluating the digitized test signal and calculating a plurality of impedance values to form an impedance locus curve, which locus curve form is further divided into locus curve sections for signal components of approximately identical time constants and that these locus curve sections permit the determination of the layer's characteristic values. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein analyzing of the test signals occurs by means of Fast Fourier Transform Analysis. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the calculated impedance locus curve values are stored and compared with the reference impedance locus curve values by application of a correlation algorithm. 17. In a production process for either the reproducable formation of materal layers on substrates by vapor deposition, sputtering, chemical deposition or similar processes or the treatment of material layers on substrates, wherein the substrates are held by a holder, an apparatus for controlling the process comprised of: signal generation means for generating a test signal to be applied to a layer whose growth and characteristic parameters will be used to control the process; signal application means coupled to the signal generation means for applying the test signal to the layer; signal receiving means for receiving at test signal from the layer; signal processing means coupled to the receiving means for processing the test signal into impedance component values, said impedance component values comprising intrinsic impedance, grain boundary impedance and surface impedance; comparison means coupled to the signal processing means for comparing the impedance component values from the processing means with reference impedance component values; and control means coupled to the comparison means for altering the process, depending upon the results from the comparison means. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the signal generation, application and receiving means are combined, independently mounted on the layer being studied and are freely movable. 19. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the signal receiving means is a measuring sensor and the signal generation means and the signal processing means are coupled to the measuring sensor which sensor is spatially separated from the signal generation means and the signal processing means and the connection of the measuring sensor to the signal generation means and signal processing means can be either permanent or detachable. 20. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the test signals are digitized in the signal processing means and transmitted to the comparison means at a rate which permits the synchronous transmission and evaluation of the test signal. 21. The apparatus method of claim 17, wherein the comparison means and the control means are a process control computer capable of process monitoring, process control, and process regulation. 22. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein the signal application means and signal receiving means are measuring sensors, said sensors having a reference aperture which permits partial deposition on or stripping of the sensor. 23. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the signal receiving means filters out unwanted frequencies occuring during H.F. sputtering. 24. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the test signals are digitized and stored in the signal processing means until transmission to the comparison means can occur at slow speed. 25. The apparatus of claim 24, wherein the signal processing means and the comparison means are combined and the combined means transmits to the control means only the results of the comparison. 26. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the comparison means displays the results of the comparison on a visual display means. 27. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein the comparison means displays the reference impedance component values, the current impedance component values and the results of the comparison simultaneously on the visual display means. 28. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the signal receiving means transmits the test signal by means of a telemetry means to the processing, comparison and control means. 29. The apparatus of claim 28, wherein the telemetry means transmits the measuring signal by use of the P.C.M. method. 30. The apparatus of claim 28, wherein the telemetry means transmits the test signal by means of one of high frequency radio signals, infrared signals, inductive coupling signals and capacitive coupling signals. 31. The apparatus of claimm 28, wherein an antenna is coupled to the signal receiving means with an insulated vacuum lead-through for use within a vacuum chamber. 32. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the signal application means and signal receiving means comprise measuring sensors in the form of non-conducting platelets, for example, glass, with attached or lithographed contacts for accepting the test signals. 33. The apparatus of claim 32, wherein the measuring sensors are coated with a reference layer prior to a stripping process so that the depth of stripping may be accurately measured. 34. The apparatus of claim 32, wherein the measuring sensors are adapted to the layer effect being examined. 35. The apparatus of claim 32, wherein a plurality of measuring sensors are used to measure a plurality of layer processes and effects. 36. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein a thermoelectric element pair determines the operating temperature of the process. 37. The apparatus of claim 36, wherein one element of the thermoelectric element pair used in brief deposition processes is located on the side of the processing apparatus facing away from the process so that thermal inertia allows this element to act as a thermal reference point. 38. The apparatus of claim 36, wherein one element of the thermoelectric element pair is located on a force-cooled site of the substrate holder and serves as a thermal reference point. 39. The apparatus of claim 36, wherein one element of the thermoelectric pair is located in a relatively isothermal area within or outside the vacuum chamber where the process takes place and the isolated element acts as a thermal reference point. 40. The apparatus of claim 39, wherein the thermoelectric pair controls a temperature stabilization system. 41. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the signal application means, signal generation means, and signal processing means are constructed together, coupled with a voltage supply means, and form an independent measuring system. 42. The apparatus of claim 41, wherein the miniaturized circuit is mounted on a insulating mounting and placed on a movable substrate holder. 43. The apparatus of claim 41, where the miniaturized circuit is comprised of materials which are nonreactive and nonvolatile in a vacuum. 44. The apparatus of claim 41, where the miniaturized circuits's elements are encapsulated in a vacuumtight structure. 45. The apparatus of claim 41, wherein the signal generation means generates excitation signals for different measuring processes autonomously in the miniaturized circuit. 46. The apparatus of claim 41, wherein the means to apply a voltage supply to the freely movable means comprises spring contacts, which are attached to the substrate carrier. 47. The apparatus of claim 41, wherein the voltage supply means is a solar cell, which is driven from a plasma glow or an additional light sources. 48. The apparatus of claim 41, wherein the voltage supply means comprises a H.F. energy receiver, which receives H.F. energy from the H.F. spectrum of the coating process or from an additional H.F. coil energy source. 49. The apparatus of claim 41, wherein the voltage supply means is a primary battery or a rechargable accumulator. 