A supported photovoltaic array and method in which support elements are in rows spaced from one another and are bi-directionally spanned by members which mount photovoltaic modules that are separated from one another and are secured to the spanning members by cushioned load-spreading attachments positioned in the spaces between adjacent modules.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A supported photovoltaic array comprising a first row of support elements set in the earth; a second row, spaced from said first row, of support elements set in the earth; a plurality of first members, each spanning a plurality of said support elements; a plurality of second members spanning said first members; and a set of photovoltaic modules mounted on each pair of said second members, with each module separated from an adjacent module, with each adjacent pair of modules being secured to an underlying second member by at least one cushioned, load-spreading attachment positioned in the spaces between adjacent pairs of modules. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein each load-spreading attachment is a rivet with an enlarged head having an area which is at least three times the cross-sectional area of the rivet stem. 3. The system of claim 2 wherein the ratio of head area to cross sectional area is about 25:1. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the support elements of said first and second rows are wooden piles and said modules have glass substrates. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein said first members span support elements in rows or in columns and said modules are retained by clips. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein said first members are open-web joists and said clips are polycarbonate plastic. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein each joist is formed by an upper flange, a lower flange and a lattice structure in between. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein each second member is a rail formed from sheet metal with at least two bends. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein the modules are connected to form panels and the panels are included in sections and are electrically connected to a main bus by insulation piercing connectors. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein the bent portions of each rail contact respectively the first members and photovoltaic modules and each insulating-piercing connection includes saw-tooth members that are drawable towards one another with conductors there between. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein each attachment is accompanied by a load spreading washer positioned below the surfaces of adjacent modules. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein a load cushioning material which spans adjoining modules is interposed between each attachment and its underlying second member. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein the load cushioning material is a polycarbonate. 14. The method of providing a support system for a photovoltaic array, which comprises the steps of (1) setting a first row of support elements in the earth with each element extending vertically upward; (2) setting a second row of support elements in the earth displaced from said first row; (3) providing a plurality of reinforcement members and connecting the upper ends of adjoining support elements by a reinforcement member; (4) spanning the reinforcement members by a plurality of support members; (5) mounting a plurality of spaced apart photovoltaic modules separated from one another on said photovoltaic support members; and (6) attaching said separated photovoltaic modules to said support members by load-spreading fasteners positioned in the spaces between adjacent pairs of modules. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein said load-spreading fasteners are cushioned by spanning adjoining modules. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein said load-spreading fasteners are cushioned by placing a material between each fastener and the surfaces of adjoining photovoltaic modules. 17. The method of claim 14 wherein said support elements are driven into the earth. 18. The method of claim 14 wherein said support elements are set in augered holes and tamped. 19. The method of claim 14 wherein said reinforcement members connect support elements in either a row or a column and mount separated modules. 20. The method of generating electricity which comprises the steps of: (a) providing support elements for a photovoltaic array; (b) mounting said photovoltaic array on said support elements; (c) fastening individual modules of said array to the support members by cushioned load spreading fasteners positioned in the spaces between adjacent pairs of modules; and (d) interconnecting the, separated modules of said array to produce electricity in response to illumination of the modules of said array by solar energy. 