This invention is a novel solar tracking mechanism incorporating a number of practical features that give it superior environmental resilience and exceptional tracking accuracy. The mechanism comprises a lightweight space-frame assembly supporting an array of point-focus Fresnel lenses in a two-axis tracking structure. The system is enclosed under a glass cover which isolates it from environmental exposure and enhances tracking accuracy by eliminating wind loading. Tracking accuracy is also enhanced by the system's broad-based tracking support. The system's primary intended application would be to focus highly concentrated sunlight into optical fibers for transmission to core building illumination zones, and the system may also have potential for photovoltaic or photothermal solar energy conversion.
Claims I claim: 1. A tracking solar collector mechanism comprising: (1.1) a stationary base structure which supports the tracking components; (1.2) two parallel rows of uniformly spaced axial polar bearings attached to the base structure, each row comprising at least one bearing, wherein each member bearing of each row is coaligned with an associated bearing of the other row, the line joining each pair of coaligned polar bearings defining an associated polar tracking axis wherein the pairs' polar axes are mutually parallel and are adapted to be aligned with the Earth's axis; (1.3) at least one tracking module, each of which is supported by and turns on one of the pairs of coaligned polar bearings and which comprises (1.3.1) a truss structure comprising a rigid space-frame assembly attached to and spanning the space between the module's two polar bearings, (1.3.2) a large-radius polar wheel segment which is centered on the module's polar axis and rigidly attached to its truss structure, wherein the truss's position is constrained by its two supporting polar bearings and by a polar drive coupling on the circumference of the polar wheel segment, (1.3.3) two rows of evenly spaced axial declination bearings attached to the module's truss structure, wherein both rows are parallel to the polar axis and are disposed alongside the truss with the truss between them, and each member bearing of each row is coaligned with an associated bearing of the other row, the line joining each pair of co-aligned declination bearings defining an associated declination tracking axis wherein the pairs' declination axes are mutually parallel and are preferably aligned perpendicular to the module's polar axis, (1.3.4) a set of declination-tracking concentrator units, each of which is supported by and turns on one of the pairs of co-aligned declination bearings and which comprises (1.3.4.1) a space-frame structure comprising four structural elements rigidly linking each of the unit's two declination bearings to each of two mounting points, and a fifth structural element rigidly linking the two mounting points, wherein the two mounting points and the two declination bearings define the corners of a tetrahedron straddling the module's truss structure, (1.3.4.2) a large-radius declination wheel segment which is centered on the unit's declination axis and which extends across and is rigidly attached to the unit's two mounting points, wherein the unit's position in relation to the supporting truss structure is constrained by its two declination bearings and by a declination drive coupling on the circumference of the declination wheel segment, and (1.3.4.3) two lens-receiver assemblies, each comprising a focusing Fresnel lens and a small solar energy receiver, wherein each assembly is mounted on one of the two triangular structural frameworks defined by one of that declination-tracking unit's two declination bearings, its two mounting points, and the structural elements linking these three elements, and (1.3.5) a declination drive element which extends across all of the module's declination wheel segments and which simultaneously transmits the declination tracking motion through the declination drive couplings to all of the module's concentrator units; (1.4) polar drive means whereby each module's polar tracking position is controlled by a polar tracking actuator, wherein the actuator's motion is transmitted to at least one module through the polar drive coupling on the module's polar wheel segment; and (1.5) declination drive means whereby the declination tracking positions of each tracking module's concentrator units are all controlled by a single declination tracking actuator, wherein the actuator's motion is transmitted through the module's declination drive element. 2. A tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 1 wherein each polar tracking actuator (1.4) is coupled to only one tracking module and the polar drive means (1.4) comprises a simple mechanical coupling between the actuator and the module's polar wheel segment. 3. A tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 2 wherein the polar drive means comprises a gear mesh, timing belt or cable winding. 4. A tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 1 wherein each declination tracking actuator (1.5) is attached to a tracking module's truss structure and is coupled to only that module's declination drive element, and wherein the declination drive means (1.5) comprises a simple mechanical coupling between the actuator and the module's declination drive element. 5. A tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 4 wherein the declination drive means comprises a gear mesh, timing belt or cable winding. 6. A collector array comprising a tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 1 wherein the base structure supports more than one tracking module. 7. A collector array of claim 6 wherein the array's tracking modules are all controlled by a single polar tracking actuator (1.4) and the polar drive means (1.4) comprises a polar drive element which extends across all of the modules' polar wheel segments and which simultaneously transmits the polar tracking motion through the polar drive couplings (1.3.2) to all of the polar wheel segments. 8. A collector array of claim 7 wherein the polar drive element comprises a shaft, flat belt or cable. 9. A collector array of claim 6 wherein the array's tracking modules are all controlled by a single declination tracking actuator (1.5) attached to the array's base structure and the declination drive means (1.5) comprises: (6.1) a set of coupling wheels, one for each module, wherein each coupling wheel turns on a module's polar axis and is coupled by simple mechanical means to the module's declination drive element, and (6.2) a master declination drive element which extends across and is coupled by simple mechanical means to each coupling wheel and which simultaneously transmits the declination tracking motion through the coupling wheels to all of the modules' individual declination drive elements. 10. A collector array of claim 9 wherein the coupling wheels (6.1) comprise gears or pulleys and associated coupling means comprise a gear mesh, timing belt or cable windings, and the master declination drive element (6.2) comprises a shaft, flat belt or cable, and associated coupling means comprises a gear mesh, timing belt or cable winding. 11. A collector array of claim 6 wherein each module's declination drive element (1.3.5) is a rotational shaft which turns on the module's polar axis, and wherein the array's tracking modules are all controlled by a single declination tracking actuator (1.5) attached to the array's base structure and the declination drive means (1.5) comprises a master declination drive element which extends across and is coupled by simple mechanical means to each module's declination drive element (1.3.5) and which simultaneously transmits the tracking motion to all of the modules. 12. A collector array of claim 11 wherein the module's declination drive element comprises a worm drive, the master declination drive element comprises a shaft, flat belt or cable, and its associated coupling means comprises a gear mesh, timing belt or cable winding. 13. A tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 1 wherein the polar wheel segment (1.3.2) comprises a gear segment or a pulley segment, the declination wheel segment (1.3.4.2) comprises a gear segment or a pulley segment, and the declination drive element (1.3.5) comprises a shaft, flat belt or cable. 