Several alternative forms of construction are disclosed, for enhancing build-up of solar-generated heat into a building or part thereof, while the sun is shining or the outside temperature is relatively hot, and for minimizing heat loss from the building when the sun is not shining or the outside temperature is lower. In the preferred form of disclosed construction, a member which is blackened for maximum heat absorption from the sun's rays changes its shape when it becomes heated, and acts as a valve, opening up for maximum inflow of solar heated air when the sun's rays fall on the blackened surface or it becomes heated from surrounding air, and closing when the temperature falls or the sun's rays no longer heat the blackened surface, so that flow of warm air to the outside or to a colder surface is halted, to minimize heat loss.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar heating structure for disposition wholly within the exterior wall glazing of a building comprising means forming a heating chamber one wall of which is adjacent a room space and is blackened for heating air within said chamber by solar radiation, and means responsive to solar radiation for controlling flow of air from said room space through said heating chamber, said structure comprising: a. said means responsive to solar radiation comprising a panel member having a blackened surface positioned to have solar radiation impinge thereon and to change its shape in response to heating of such surface by impingement of solar radiation thereon; and b. said panel member having a substantially plane shape closing said chamber when said panel member is relatively cool, and having a curved shape opening a passage between said chamber and said room space when said blackened surface of said panel member is heated by impingement of solar radiation thereon. 2. A structure as defined in claim 1, wherein said panel member is mounted adjacent to a window having a transparent glazing therein and is so positioned that solar radiation may pass through said glazing and impinge on said blackened surface of said panel, said chamber being between said glazing and said panel. 3. A structure as defined in claim 2, wherein said panel is detachably mounted on said window. 4. A structure as defined in claim 2, further comprising suction cup means for detachably mounting said panel on said window. 5. A structure as defined in claim 2, further comprising a plurality of suction cups engaging and held to said glazing of said window, each suction cup having a shank passing through said panel member, and means detachably holding said panel member on said shanks. 6. A structure as defined in claim 1, wherein said panel member is composed mainly of foamed low density urethane. 7. A structure as defined in claim 1, wherein said panel member is composed mainly of low density foamed urethane reinforced with fiber glass and having aluminum foil permanently bonded to both faces of the panel. 8. A kit of parts for application to a window of a room to enhance heating of the room by solar radiation and to reduce heat loss from the room during absence of solar radiation, said kit comprising a panel for application to a window portion to cover substantially the entire area of the room face of said window portion, and fastening means for fastening said panel to said window portion at intermediate locations approximately midway between top and bottom edges of said panel when applied to said window portion, said panel having a black face toward said window portion to absorb heat from solar radiation coming through said window portion and impinging on said panel, said panel being of material which is of substantially flat planar shape when opposite faces of said panel are at equal temperatures and which will assume a curved shape when said black face thereof is heated by solar radiation to a temperature hotter than the temperature of the opposite face thereof, so that bottom and top edges of said panel will move away from said window portion to provide respective air inlet and outlet openings for an air chamber between said panel and said window portion to which it is attached. 9. A kit as defined in claim 8, wherein said fastening means comprises suction cups for mounting on said window, and detachable means for supporting said panel from said suction cups. 10. A kit as defined in claim 8, wherein said panel is formed at least mainly from foamed low density urethane. 