An automobile solar powered rechargeable battery-operated utility light comprises a housing, a light bulb, and a rechargeable battery. A solar panel is exposed through a housing wall for receiving solar radiation and generating a charge current for the battery. A bracket supports the light housing with the solar panel facing an automobile windshield and is releasably attached to the housing and to a post for supporting the automobile rear view mirror. The light is located at an optimum position for reception of incoming solar radiation and at a convenient location for removal for use.
Claims We claim: 1. An automobile solar powered utility light for mounting on a support post for an automobile rear view mirror adjacent and transverse to an automobile windshield comprising: a housing having a first wall; a light generating means; a rechargeable battery; a solar panel exposed through the first wall for receiving a solar energy and generating a charge current for the battery; and a bracket for supporting the housing with the solar panel facing the windshield and for releasably attaching to the housing and to the mirror post, said bracket comprising an adjustable clamp for alternatively receiving posts of different sized perimeters and means for pivotally mounting the clamp for movement about an axis transverse to the mirror post and parallel to the solar panel. 2. The light of claim 1 wherein the bracket has a light holder comprising a strap terminating at each end in an "L" shaped flange; the housing has second, third and fourth walls perpendicularly extending from the first wall and has a groove formed in each of the second and fourth walls; said strap extends along the third wall; and the flanges are engaged in the grooves formed in the second and fourth walls. 3. The light of claim 2 further comprising a detent including a cantilevered resilient tab formed in said strap and a recess formed in the third housing wall, the detent tab being normally biased to be received within said recess and preventing separation of the housing from the bracket by engagement with the sidewalls of the recess. 4. A rechargeable battery-operated light for use in an automobile comprising: a housing having front, rear, top, bottom, left and right sidewalls; a solar panel exposed through the rear wall of the housing; and a bracket for supporting the housing with the panel facing the windshield, having a light holder at one end releasably engaging the left and right sidewalls, having an adjustable clamp for alternatively releasably engaging automobile rear view mirror posts of different circumferences and having a means for pivotally mounting the clamps for movement about an axis transverse to the mirror post and parallel to the solar panel. 5. The light of claim 1 or 4 wherein the clamp comprises a pair of spaced fingers for encircling the post and means for adjusting the spacing between the fingers to alternatively accommodate posts having different sized perimeters. 