Fishing apparatus intended primarily for ice fishing has a housing, a windowed door on the housing, an angling aperture in a bottom of the housing, a reel inside the housing, a flagpole and an electric light on the outside of the housing, and discrete actuators for the flag and the light; the actuators are engaged by a spool of the reel as line is taken out by a fish, and the flagpole is released to pop up and/or the light is turned on. A transparent solar energy collecting panel is provided on one side and the top of housing enabling solar energy to be collected inside the housing, the housing keeps an ice fishing hole from freezing up.
Claims I claim: 1. Fishing apparatus comprising (a) a housing having a base, upright walls secured to the base, and an angling aperture through the base; (b) a reel mounted to the housing, said reel having a rotatable spool with at least one rotation indicator thereon, said spool having means for storing a fishing line thereon; (c) indicator means visible from the outside of the housing, said indicator means having a normal mode and an alternate attention mode; (d) actuator means operatively connecting said rotation indicator to said indicator means and operative for changing said indicator means from the normal mode to the attention mode in response to rotation of the spool as fishing line is pulled off of said spool; (e) an access opening above said angling aperture; a normally closed door mounted on said housing and normally closing said access opening, said door being movable to an alternate access position enabling removal of a fish upward through the angling aperture, through the housing, and out of the access opening; and (f) a transparent window in said door and normally above said angling aperture. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, including a hinge mounting said door to said housing, and means for locking said door closed upon said housing. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein a lowest edge of the door is secured to said hinge. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, in which said indicator means comprises a flagpole having means biasing it upward, and said actuator means includes a latch for holding the flagpole down while the spool is stationary. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, including second means for holding the flagpole down during transit of the apparatus. 6. The apparatus of claim 4, in which said latch is a generally U-shaped release lever pivotally mounted in said walls, said lever having a top restraining member normally over the flagpole, and a trip lever engagable with the spool. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 including at least one co-rotatable projection on the spool for engaging and moving the trip lever as the spool is turned. 8. The apparature of claim 7, wherein said trip lever is atop of said spool. 9. The apparatus of claim 6, including a fixed stop on the outside of said walls, said stop being engagable with both the flagpole and the restraining member for retention of the flagpole in a normal position generally alongside one of said walls. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, in which said release lever is pivotally mounted in an eyelet mounted to and extending through one of said walls. 11. The apparatus of claim 4, in which said flagpole is secured to said housing with a coil spring. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, in which said indicator means comprises an electric light on the outside of the housing, an electric switch inside of the housing and connected to the light, and means on the spool for operating the switch when the spool is turned. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, in which said switch is a mercury switch. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, in which said switch is suspended from a hinge behind the spool, said switch operating means being an abutment on the spool for normally holding the switch up and for dropping the switch when the spool turns. 15. The apparatus according to claim 14, including a snubber for stopping said mercury switch upon the dropping of said mercury switch. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, in which said window faces up. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, in which said housing and said door completely enclose said reel. 18. The apparatus of claim 1, in which said indicator means include a movable flag for providing a motion alert for daytime fishing, and an electric light for providing an illuminated alert for night fishing, with said reel having said actuator means for both said flag and said light. 19. The apparatus of claim 1, in which said access opening projects through both a top and a front of said housing walls, said top wall being a minority of the fore-aft depth of the housing and said front wall being a minority of the height of said housing. 20. The apparatus of claim 1, in which said actuator means is inside of said housing. 21. Fishing apparatus comprising (a) a housing having a base, upright walls secured to the base, and an angling aperture through the base; (b) a reel mounted to the housing, said reel having a rotatable spool with at least one rotation indicator thereon, said spool having means for storing a fishing line thereon; (c) indicator means visible from the outside of the housing, said indicator means having a normal mode and an alternate attention mode; (d) actuator means operatively connecting said rotation indicator to said indicator means and operative for changing said indicator means from the normal mode to the attention mode in response to rotation of the spool as fishing line is pulled off of said spool; and (e) a transparent panel facing upward and to one side of the apparatus, said panel defining at least part of the height of one side of the apparatus, for collection of solar energy inside of the housing, and said housing being opaque. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, in which said panel defines a majority of the fore-aft depth of the apparatus. 23. The apparatus of claim 21, in which said panel is a normally closed transparent door upon said housing. 24. The apparatus of claim 21, in which said panel is at an angle within the range of 30 to 60 degrees above horizontal with respect to the base. 