Solar powered outdoor lighting and/or alarm systems are provided and include a light source or alarm, a passive infrared (PIR) sensor in conjunction with a battery recharged via solar cells, and a control circuit coupled to the light source or alarm, the PIR sensor, and the rechargeable battery. The control circuit guarantees that the light source or alarm is turned on by the battery only when the sensor senses the presence of a moving target. The systems may include a light detector which is utilized to prevent the system from activating in daylight. In the case of a lighting system, a timer is utilized to turn off a lamp after a desired period of time (e.g. 3 minutes). By limiting the "on-time" of the light source, a two to five watt bulb may be used. In the case of an alarm, the alarm may be hardwired to the control circuit; or if desired, a transmitter powered by the rechargeable battery may be used to transmit an alarm signal to a remote receiver. The receiver is in turn coupled to its own power supply and to a control circuit which controls or switches desired components such as horns, bells, lights, etc.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar powered lighting system, comprising: (a) a solar cell for receiving sunlight and for generating charging current therefrom; (b) a rechargeable power source coupled to said solar cell for receiving said current and charging as a result thereof; (c) a contactless sensor means for monitoring, without requiring contact between said contactless sensor means and an object, in an area near said sensor means, the movement into the area of the object or a source of radiation, and for providing a signal indicative thereof; (d) an amplifier coupled to said contactless sensor means and to said rechargeable power source for amplifying said signal; (e) a light source; and (f) a control circuit coupled to said amplifier, to said rechargeable power source, and to said light source, including switching means for causing said rechargeable power source to turn on said light source when an amplified signal is received from said amplifier, and timing means for causing said switching means to disconnect said light source from said rechargeable power source after a desired length of time has transpired. 2. A system according to claim , further comprising: (g) background lighting sensing means coupled to said control circuit, for sensing the level of ambient light, and in conjunction with said control circuit, for preventing said light source from being turned on by said rechargeable power source unless said level of ambient light is below a desired level. 3. A system according to claim 2, wherein: said contactless sensor means comprises a passive infrared sensor for sensing the presence of long wavelength radiation in said monitored area, and said background lighting sensing means comprises a photocell which senses the ambient light level. 4. A system according to claim 3, wherein: said light source is a light bulb rated at at least two watts, and further includes at least one reflector which directs light from said light bulb to desired areas of illumination. 5. A system according to claim 3, further comprising: (h) a transmitter coupled to said control circuit for transmitting a signal to a remote location upon detection by said contactless sensor means of the movement into said area of an object or source of radiation. 6. A system according to claim 5, wherein: said transmitter is an RF transmitter for transmitting an RF signal to a receiver at said remote location, said receiver being coupled to a power supply and a second control circuit which controls or switches one of a sound alarm or a light at said remote location. 7. A system according to claim 6, wherein: said light source is a light bulb of at least two watts, and further includes at least one reflector which directs light from said light bulb to desired areas of illumination. 8. A system according to claim 1, wherein: said contactless sensor means comprises a passive infrared sensor for sensing the presence of long wavelength radiation in said monitored area. 9. A system according to claim 1, wherein: said light source is a light bulb rated at at least two watts, and further includes at least one reflector which directs light from said light bulb to desired areas of illumination. 10. A system according to claim 1, further comprising: (g) a transmitter coupled to said control circuit for transmitting a signal to a remote location upon detection by said contactless sensor means of the movement into said area of an object or source of radiation. 11. A system according to claim 10, wherein: said transmitter is an RF transmitter for transmitting an RF signal to a receiver at said remote location, said receiver being coupled to a power supply and a second control circuit which controls or switches one of a sound alarm or a light at said remote location. 12. A solar powered alarm system, comprising: (a) a solar cell for receiving sunlight and for generating charging current therefrom; (b) a rechargeable power source coupled to said solar cell for receiving said current and charging as a result thereof; (c) a contactless sensor means for monitoring, without requiring contact between said contactless sensor means and an object, in an area near said sensor means, the movement into the area of the object or a source of radiation, and for providing a signal indicative thereof; (d) an amplifier coupled to aid sensor means and to said rechargeable power source for amplifying said signal; (e) an alarm means for providing a sound alarm; and (f) a control circuit coupled to said amplifier, to said rechargeable power source, and to said alarm means, including switching means for causing said rechargeable power source to turn on said alarm means when an amplified signal is received by said control circuit from said amplifier. 13. A system according to claim 12, wherein: said alarm means comprises a horn. 14. A system according to claim 12, wherein: said alarm means comprises a transmitter for transmitting an alarm signal to a receiver at a remote location, said receiver being coupled to a power supply and a second control circuit which controls or witches an alarm at said remote location. 15. A system according to claim 14, wherein: said alarm means further comprises a sound alarm in relative proximity to said solar cell. 16. A system according to claim 12, further comprising: (g) background lighting sensing means coupled to said control circuit, for sensing the level of ambient light, and in conjunction with said control circuit, for preventing said alarm means from being turned on by said rechargeable power source unless said level of ambient light is below a desired level. 17. A system according to claim 16, wherein: said contactless sensor means comprises a passive infrared sensor for sensing the presence of long wavelength radiation in said monitored area; and said background lighting sensing means comprises a photocell which changes at least one of its characteristics in response to the ambient light level. 18. A system according to claim 17, wherein: said alarm means comprises a transmitter for transmitting an alarm signal to a receiver at a remote location, said receiver being coupled to a power supply and a second control circuit which controls or switches an alarm at said remote location. 19. A system according to claim 18, wherein: said control means further comprises timing means for causing said switching means to disconnect said alarm means from said rechargeable power source after a desired length of time has transpired after activation of said alarm means. 20. A system according to claim 12, wherein: said control means further comprises timing means for causing said switching means to disconnect said alarm means from said rechargeable power source after a desired length of time has transpired after activation of said alarm means. 