An improved semiconductor device manufacturing system and method is shown. In the system, undesirable sputtering effect can be averted by virtue of a combination of an ECR system and a CVD system. Prior to the deposition according to the above combination, a sub-layer can be pre-formed of a substrate in a reaction chamber and transported to another chamber in which deposition is made according to the combination without making contact with air, so that a junction thus formed has good characteristics.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A semiconductor device manufacturing method comprising: mounting a substrate on a substrate holder; disposing said holder in a first reaction chamber; carrying out a first CVD process in said first reaction chamber; transporting said substrate holder from said first chamber to a second chamber without contacting said substrate with atmospheric air; carrying out a second chemical reaction deposition enhanced by microwaves and a magnetic field in said second reaction chamber; and causing an electric discharge in said second reaction chamber to further excite the excited gas to compensate for energy losses associated with the excited reactive gas prior to said second chemical reaction deposition, said electric discharge being produced by a pair of electrodes between which the substrate is disposed such that the electric field between the electrodes is substantially perpendicular to the surface of the substrate. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising: a step of transporting said holder from said second chamber to a third reaction chamber without contacting said substrate with atmospheric air; and a step of carrying out a third chemical reaction deposition in said third reaction chamber. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein said first, second, and third chemical reaction take place with depositions of p-type, i-type and n-type semiconductor layers respectively. 4. The method of claim 2 wherein said first, second, and third chemical reaction take place with depositions of n-type, i-type, and p-type semiconductor layers respectively. 5. The method of claim 3 wherein said p-type, i-type, and n-type semiconductors integrally constitute a solar cell. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein said second chemical reaction includes reaction of silicide gas, germanium compound gas, tin compound gas, or carbide gas. 7. A method of performing chemical vapor reaction comprising the steps of: introducing a reactive gas into a resonating space; exciting said reactive gas by a microwave resonance thereof in a magnetic field; introducing the excited reactive gas into a chemical vapor reaction space in which a plurality of substrates are disposed; causing electric discharge in said chemical vapor reaction space in order to further excite the excited reactive gas to compensate for energy losses associated with the excited reactive gas prior to chemical vapor reaction treatment of said plurality of substrates, said electric discharge being produced by a pair of electrodes between which the substrates are disposed such that the electric field between the electrodes is substantially perpendicular to the surfaces of the substrates; and carrying out said chemical vapor reaction treatment of said substrates. 