A tanning pod for use outdoors includes a body shell of curved configuration and provided with a transparent dome encompassing a majority of the extent of the pod and tapering to the front thereof. A bed within the pod is tiltable in a forward direction while a motive device is operable to rotate the pod relative an underlying support pedestal. A self-contained climate control system permits maintenance of desired temperature conditions within the pod regardless of the outside weather. Consoles adjacent the bed are provided with control panels allowing selective tilting of the bed and rotary displacement of the pod along with regulation of the climate control system as well as radiotape player devices. Current for operation of the pod and associated accessories may be supplied from a source of conventional AC power or alternatively, from attached or adjacent solar cells.
Claims I claim: 1. A tanning pod comprising; a body shell including an upper portion defining an occupant compartment therewithin, said body shell having a lower portion adjacent said upper portion, a horizontally and vertically fixed floor plate intermediate said shell upper and lower portions, said body shell defining an elongated curved configuration having rear and front portions, said shell upper portion including a dome of transparent material extending downwardly from adjacent said rear portion to said front portion and encompassing a substantial area of said upper portion. a pedestal assembly beneath said body shell, motive means adjacent said body shell and pedestal assembly and operable to angularly displace said body shell relative said pedestal assembly, a substantially fixed, longitudinal, rigid body support bed within said compartment mounted atop said floor plate and having opposite head and foot ends with said foot end adjacent said shell front portion, hinge means mounting said bed foot end to said floor plate, vertical displacement means operable to raise and lower said bed head end to tilt said bed about said hinge means relative a horizontal plane and said body shell, climate maintenance means including an HVAC unit disposed within said body shell, and first, second, and third control means selectively operable by an occupant within said compartment respectively to operate said motive means, vertical displacement means and climate maintenance means. 2. A tanning pod according to claim 1 including, consoles disposed within said compartment laterally of said bed, and said control means mounted within said consoles. 3. A tanning pod according to claim 1 wherein, said motive means includes a drive ring fixed relative said pedestal assembly, a motor carried by said body shell and having driving means, and means joining said driving means and drive ring, whereby upon actuation of said motor, said body shell is rotatably displaced relative said pedestal assembly. 4. A tanning pod according to claim 1 wherein, said climate maintenance means includes a plurality of ducts connected to said HVAC unit, and vents within said compartment communicating with said ducts and adapted to pass return and supply air from and to said compartment, respectively. 5. A tanning pod according to claim 1 wherein, said vertical displacement means comprises a scissors mechanism including a plurality of pivotal links beneath said bed head end, and motor means operable to displace said links. 6. A tanning pod according to claim 1 including, dome hinge means joining said dome to said body shell upper portion, whereby said dome is pivotable to allow entrance and exit from said occupant compartment. 7. A tanning pod according to claim 1 including, a solar cell array exterior of said occupant compartment adapted to supply current to operate said motive means. 8. A tanning pod according to claim 1 including, a stowable flexible shroud within said dome, and fastening means within said dome, whereby said shroud is manipulatable from a stowed position to a use position where it may be engaged by said fastening means. 9. A tanning pod according to claim 1 wherein, said motive means is disposed within said body shell lower portion. 10. A tanning pod according to claim 1 including, a first door mounted within said body shell rear portion, and a storage enclosure within said compartment and having a second door, said storage enclosure disposed adjacent said first door. 11. A tanning pod according to claim 10 wherein, said first door includes a top edge, and door hinge means attaching said door top edge to said body shell rear portion, whereby said first door is pivotally operable along said top edge to permit entrance and exit from said occupant compartment. 