A nutrient control system for nourishing plants. An injector provides a quantity of nourishment having individual concentrations of specific nutrients. A conduit distributes the quantity of nourishment to the plants. First storage memory stores initial data relating to the plants being nourished. A computer selects the amounts of specific nutrients and selects the quantity of nourishment to be applied to the plants based on the initial data in the first storage memory and, responsive to the selection, controls the injector to adjust the individual concentrations of the specific nutrients and the quantity of nourishment to be supplied to the plants as a function of the selected amounts of the specific nutrients and the selected quantity of nourishment.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for controlling, during a given period of time, component quantities of a system affected by one or more stochastic variables and by one or more measured variables to direct the system toward a desired status, said apparatus comprising: controller means for controlling the component quantities of the system; determining means for determining the stochastic variables and the measured variables preceding the given period of time; memory means for storing initial data corresponding to the stochastic variables and the measured variables determined by said determining means; and computer control means including: estimating means for estimating projected stochastic variables for the given period of time based on the initial data in the memory means; calculating means for calculating projected component quantities having the highest probability of producing the desired status of the system based on the initial data in the memory means and based on the projected stochastic variables; and means, resPonsive to the calculating means, for controlling the controller means to adjust, during the given Period of time, the component quantities as a function of the projected component quantities. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the system is a nutrient control system for feeding plants the given period of time is during daylight hours of a day, the component quantities are nutrient amounts provided to be provided to the plants by the nutrient control system, the stochastic variables are amounts of sunlight during the hours of daylight, the controller means is an injector system for injecting the nutrient amounts into the nutrient control system and the determining means are sensors for detecting environmental conditions of the plant. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein said estimating means includes means for estimating recipes of nutrient amounts which are available, means for estimating the levels of sunlight which can occur during each hour of daylight, and means for estimating the probability that each level of sunlight will occur during each hour; and wherein said calculating means includes means for calculating, during each hour of daylight, the probability that each estimated recipe in combination with each level of sunlight will produce the desired result and means for selecting the recipe with the highest probability of producing the desired result. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 further comprising means for collecting liquid leachate from the plants and means for measuring the concentrations of the nutrients in the collected leachate and wherein said nutrient control system includes means for supplying at least a portion of the collected leachate to the plants. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 further comprising means for treating the leachate before said means for supplying supplies at least a portion of the collected leachate to the plants. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said means for treating comprises an ultraviolet or heating or membrane cleansing means. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising means for monitoring the stochastic variables during the given period of time and providing real time data representative thereof; wherein said memory means stores the real time data provided by the monitoring means; and wherein said estimating means estimates the projected stochastic variables based on the initial data and the real time data in the memory means. 8. The nutrient control system of claim 1 wherein said component quantities are individual quantities of specific elements, wherein said initial data includes forecast data, and wherein said calculating means selects a combination of elements having a corresponding maximum expected value, y(i), where: ##EQU23## wherein m is the number of element combinations, p.sub.k (j) is the probability of occurrence of the j.sup.th level of a stochastic variable predicted from the k.sup.th selection of parameters of a beta distribution based on the forecast data, n is the number of levels of the stochastic variable and u(i,j) is a utility function derived from the historical expertise of operating the system using the i.sup.th element recipe and the j.sup.th level of the stochastic variable. 9. A nutrient control system for nourishing plants, the system comprising: means for providing a quantity of nourishment having individual concentrations of specific nutrients; means for distributing the quantity of nourishment to the plants; first storage means for storing initial data relating to the plants being nourished; and computer control means including: means for selecting the amounts of specific nutrients and for selecting the quantity of nourishment to be applied to the plants based on the initial data in the first storage means; and means, responsive to the selecting means, for controlling the providing means to adjust the individual concentrations of the specific nutrients as a function of the initial data and the quantity of nourishment to be supplied to the plants as a function of the selected amounts of the specific nutrients and the selected quantity of nourishment. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein said selecting means includes means for estimating recipes of nutrient amounts which are available, means for estimating the levels of sunlight which can occur during each time interval of daylight, means for estimating the probability that each level of sunlight will occur during each time interval, means for calculating, for each time interval of daylight, the probability that each estimated recipe in combination with each level of sunlight will produce the desired result and means for selecting the recipe with the highest probability of producing the desired result. 11. The system of claim 9 wherein said means for providing comprises means for collecting liquid leachate from the plants and supplying at least a portion of the collected leachate as the quantity of nourishment and means for measuring the concentrations of the nutrients in the collected leachate, said means for selecting being responsive to said means for measuring. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 further comprising means for treating the leachate before said means for supplying supplies at least a portion of the collected leachate to the plants. 13. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein said means for treating comprises an ultraviolet or heating or membrane cleansing means. 14. The nutrient control system of claim 9 further comprising means for monitoring the environment of the plants as the plants are nourished and providing actual data representative of the environment; wherein said first storage means stores the actual data provided by the monitoring means; and wherein said computer control means includes projecting means for estimating the amount of specific nutrients and the quantity of liquid nourishment to be needed by the plants based on the initial data and the actual data in the first storage means. 15. The nutrient control system of claim 14 further comprising second storage means for storing expert rulebase data relating to predefined rules to be followed when nourishing the plants; and third storage means for storing options rulebase data relating to options based on the selected amounts and quantity for nourishing wherein said selecting means includes means for calculating, based on the initial data, expert rulebase data and options rulebase data, the probability that the options in the third storage means will produce a desired result in the plants, said selecting means selecting the amounts of specific nutrients in the quantity of nourishment which correspond to the option with the highest probability. 16. The nutrient control system of claim 15 wherein said means for distributing comprises an irrigation system for supplying the quantity of liquid nourishment to the plants, said means for providing is an injector system for injecting nutrients into the irrigation system, said first storage means is a first memory, said second storage means is a second memory, said third storage means is a third memory, said computer control means is a central processing unit and said means for monitoring comprises sensors for measuring the environmental conditions of the plants. 17. The nutrient control system of claim 9 wherein said selecting means comprises means for estimating the quantity of nourishment and the amounts of specific nutrients which will produce a desired result in the plants based on the initial data in the first storage means. 18. The nutrient control system of claim 17 further comprising means for monitoring the environment of the plants as the plants are nourished and providing actual data representative of the environment; wherein said first storage means stores the actual data provided by the monitoring means; and wherein said estimating means estimates the amount of specific nutrients and the quantity of liquid nourishment to be needed by the plants based on the initial data and the actual data in the first storage means. 19. The nutrient control system of claim 18 wherein said initial data includes weather forecast data, and wherein said projecting means selects a recipe of specific nutrients having a corresponding maximum expected value, y(i), where: ##EQU24## wherein m is the number of nutrient recipes, p.sub.k( j) is the probability of occurrence of the j.sup.th level of solar irradiance predicted from the k.sup.th selection of parameters of a beta distribution based on the weather forecast data, n is the number of solar irradiance levels, and u(i,j) is a utility function derived from the historical expertise of growing the plants using the i.sup.th nutrient recipe and the j.sup.th level of solar irradiance. 20. A nutrient control system for nourishing plants, the system comprising: means for providing a quantity of nourishment having individual concentrations of specific nutrients; means for distributing the quantity of nourishment to the plants; first storage means for storing initial data relating to the plants to be nourished; computer control means including: means for calculating, based on the initial data in the first storage means, the probability that various amounts of specific nutrients and various quantities of nourishment will produce a desired result in the plants; means, responsive to the calculating means, for selecting the amounts of specific nutrients with the highest probability and for selecting the quantity of nourishment with the highest probability; means, responsive to the selecting means, for controlling the providing means to adjust the individual concentrations of the specific nutrients and the quantity of nourishment to be supplied to the plants as a function of the selected amounts of specific nutrients and the selected quantity of nourishment. 21. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein said selecting means includes means for estimating recipes of nutrient amounts which are available, means for estimating the levels of sunlight which can occur during each hour of daylight, means for estimating the probability that each level of sunlight will occur during each hour, means for calculating, for each hour of daylight, the probability that each estimated recipe in combination with each level of sunlight will produce the desired result and means for selecting the recipe with the highest probability of producing the desired result. 22. The system of claim 20 wherein said means for providing comprises means for collecting liquid leachate from the plants and supplying at least a portion of the collected leachate as the quantity of nourishment and means for measuring the concentrations of the nutrients in the collected leachate, said means for selecting being responsive to said means for measuring. 23. The apparatus of claim 22 further comprising means for treating the leachate before said means for supplying supplies at least a portion of the collected leachate to the plants. 24. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein said means for treating comprises an ultraviolet or heating or membrane cleansing means. 25. A nutrient control system for nourishing plants through their roots as the plants grow, the system comprising: conduit means for delivering liquid nourishment to the plants; injector means for introducing into said conduit means a quantity of liquid nourishment having individual quantities of specific nutrients, said injector means being adjustable for varying the quantity of liquid nourishment and the individual quantities of each nutrient introduced into said conduit means; means for collecting liquid leachate from the roots; means for measuring the concentrations of specific nutrients in the liquid leachate; and computer control means, responsive to the measuring means, for controlling the injector means to adjust the quantity of liquid nourishment as a function of the measured concentrations of the specific nutrients and/or the individual quantities of the specific nutrients in the quantity of liquid nourishment as a function of the measured concentrations of the specific nutrients in the liquid leachate whereby the individual concentrations of the specific nutrients in the quantity of liquid nourishment is controlled in response to the concentrations of specific nutrients in the liquid leachate. 26. The nutrient control system according to claim 25 wherein the injector means comprises means for supplying fresh water having known concentrations of the specific nutrients, means for supplying the liquid leachate having known concentrations of the specific nutrients, and a plurality of injectors for supplying specific quantities of the specific nutrients to the liquid nourishment, and wherein the computer control means comprises means for controlling the relative proportions of the fresh water and liquid leachate and means for actuating the injectors to adjust the concentrations of the specific nutrients in the liquid nourishment. 27. The nutrient control system according to claim 26 wherein the means for supplying fresh water includes means for measuring the concentrations of the specific nutrients in the water and means for supplying the measured concentrations of the specific nutrients in he water to the computer controller. 28. The nutrient control system according to claim 26 wherein the means for supplying liquid leachate comprises a tank for accumulating liquid leachate, means for measuring the concentration of specific nutrients in the accumulated liquid leachate, and means for supplying the measured concentrations of the specific nutrients in the accumulated liquid leachate to the computer controller. 29. The apparatus of claim 25 wherein said computer control means includes means for estimating recipes of nutrient amounts which are available, means for estimating the various levels of sunlight which can occur, means for estimating the probability that each level of sunlight will occur, means for calculating the probability that each estimated recipe in combination with each level of sunlight will produce the desired result and means for selecting the recipe with the highest probability of producing the desired result. 30. The system of claim 25 wherein said means for providing comprises means for collecting liquid leachate from the plants and supplying at least a portion of the collected leachate as the quantity of nourishment and means for measuring the concentrations of the nutrients in the collected leachate, said means for selecting being responsive to said means for measuring. 31. The apparatus of claim 30 further comprising means for treating the leachate before said means for supplying supplies at least a portion of the collected leachate to the plants. 32. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein said means for treating comprises an ultraviolet or heating or membrane cleansing means. 33. The nutrient control system of claim 25 further comprising means for monitoring the environment of the plants as the plants are nourished and providing actual data representative of the environment; wherein said computer control means includes means for storing the actual data provided by the monitoring means and projecting means for estimating the amount of specific nutrients and the quantity of liquid nourishment to be needed by the plants based on the actual data in the first storage means, said injector means being controlled in response to the estimated amounts. 34. A method of controlling, during a given period of time, component quantities of a system affected by stochastic variables and by measured variables to direct the system toward a desired status, said method comprising the steps of: controlling the component quantities of the system; determining the stochastic variables and the measured variables preceding the given period of time; storing initial data corresponding to the stochastic variables and the measured variables determined by said determining step; estimating projected stochastic variables for the given period of time based on the initial data; calculating projected component quantities having the highest probability of producing the desired status of the system based on the initial data and based on the projected stochastic variables; and controlling, in response to said calculating step, the controlling step to adjust, during the given period of time, the component quantities as a function of the projected component quantities. 35. A nutrient control method for nourishing plants comprising the steps of: providing a quantity of nourishment having individual concentrations of specific nutrients; distributing the quantity of nourishment to the plants; storing initial data relating to the plants being nourished; and selecting the amounts of specific nutrients and selecting the quantity of nourishment to be applied to the plants based on the initial data; and controlling, in response to the selecting step, the providing step to adjust the quantity of the liquid nourishment as a function of the initial data the individual concentrations of the specific nutrients and the quantity of nourishment to be supplied to the plants as a function of the selected amounts of the specific nutrients and the selected quantity of nourishment. 36. A nutrient control method for nourishing plants comprising the steps of: providing a quantity of nourishment having individual concentrations of specific nutrients; distributing the quantity of nourishment to the plants; storing initial data relating to the plants to be nourished; calculating, based on the initial data, the probability that various amounts of sPecific nutrients and various quantities of nourishment will Produce a desired result in the plants; selecting, in response to the calculating step, the amounts of specific nutrients with the highest probability of occurrence and for selecting the quantity of nourishment with the highest probability of occurrence; controlling, in response to the selecting step, the providing step to adjust the individual concentrations of the specific nutrients and the quantity of nourishment to be supplied to the plants as a function of the selected amounts of specific nutrients and the selected quantity of nourishment. 37. The method of claim 36 wherein said selecting step comprises the steps of estimating recipes of nutrient amounts which are available, estimating the various levels of sunlight which can occur, estimating the probability that each level of sunlight will occur, calculating the probability that each estimated recipe in combination with each level of sunlight will produce the desired result and selecting the recipe with the highest probability of producing the desired result. 38. The method of claim 37 wherein said providing step comprises the steps of collecting liquid leachate from the plants, supplying at least a portion of the collected leachate as the quantity of nourishment, and measuring the concentrations of the nutrients in the collected leachate. 39. A nutrient control method for nourishing plants through their roots as the plants grow, comprising the steps of: delivering liquid nourishment to the plants; introducing into the liquid nourishment individual quantities of specific nutrients; collecting liquid leachate from the roots; measuring the concentrations of specific nutrients in the liquid leachate; and controlling, in response to the measuring step, the introducing step to adjust the quantity of the liquid nourishment as a function of the measured concentrations of the specific nutrients and the individual quantities of the specific nutrients in the quantity of liquid nourishment as a function of the measured concentrations of the specific nutrients in the liquid leachate whereby the individual concentrations of the specific nutrients in the quantity of liquid nourishment is controlled in response to the concentrations of specific nutrients in the liquid leachate. 40. The method of claim 39 wherein said controlling step comprises the steps of estimating recipes of nutrient amounts which are available, estimating the various levels of sunlight which can occur, estimating the probability that each level of sunlight will occur, calculating the probability that each estimated recipe in combination with each level of sunlight will produce the desired result and selecting the recipe with the highest probability of producing the desired result. 41. The method of claim 39 wherein said providing step comprises the steps of collecting liquid leachate from the plants, supplying at least a portion of the collected leachate as the quantity of nourishment and measuring the concentrations of the nutrients in the collected leachate, said selecting step being responsive to said measuring step. 42. The method of claim 41 further comprising the step of treating the leachate before said supplying step. 43. The method of claim 42 wherein said treating step comprises the step of ultraviolet cleaning, heating or membrane filtering. 44. The method of claim 41 further comprising the steps of monitoring the environment of the plants as the plants are nourished, providing actual data representative of the environment, storing the actual data provided by the monitoring means and projecting the amount of specific nutrients and the quantitY of liquid nourishment to be needed by the plants based on the actual data. 45. A nutrient control system for nourishing plants, the system comprising: conduit means for delivering liquid nourishment to the plants; injector means for introducing into said conduit means a quantity of liquid nourishment having individual quantities of specific nutrients, said injector means being adjustable for varying the quantity of liquid nourishment and the individual quantities of each nutrient introduced into said conduit means; and computer control means for controlling the injector means to adjust the quantity of liquid nourishment as a function of the measured concentrations of the specific nutrients and the individual quantities of the specific nutrients in the quantity of liquid nourishment whereby the amount of specific nutrients and the quantity of liquid nourishment delivered to the plants for nourishing the plants is controlled. 46. The nutrient control system according to claim 45 wherein the injector means comprises means for supplying fresh water having known concentrations of the specific nutrients, and a plurality of injectors for supplying specific quantities of the specific nutrients to the water, and wherein the computer control means comprises means for controlling the relative proportions of the fresh water and specific quantities of the specific nutrients, and means for actuating the injectors to adjust the concentrations of the specific nutrients in the liquid nourishment. 47. The nutrient control system according to claim 46 wherein the means for supplying fresh water includes means for measuring the concentrations of the specific nutrients in the water and means for supplying the measured concentrations of the specific nutrients in the water to the computer control means. 48. The apparatus of claim 45 wherein said computer control means includes means for estimating recipes of nutrient amounts which are available, means for estimating the various levels of sunlight which can occur, means for estimating the probability that each level of sunlight will occur, means for calculating the probability that each estimated recipe in combination with each level of sunlight will produce the desired result and means for selecting the recipe with the highest probability of producing the desired result. 