A vertical Venetian blind employs a plurality of slats adapted to be moved between an open position and a closed position. When the slats are in their closed position, pivotally mounted spacer bars maintain a predetermined center-to-center distance between adjacent slats. A rotatable drive shaft, which is employed to move the slats between their open and closed positions, can be supported along substantially its entire length by a bearing to thereby prevent the drive shaft from sagging.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A vertical Venetian blind, comprising a plurality of blocking means for blocking solar rays; supporting means for supporting each of said blocking means in a generally vertical orientation; moving means for moving said blocking means along said supporting means between a closed position and an open position; rotating means for rotating each of said blocking means about a generally vertical axis of rotation associated therewith; and coupling means for coupling and uncoupling adjacent pairs of said blocking means in response to the movement of said blocking means along said supporting means, said coupling means including a plurality of spacer bars, each spacer bar being pivotally attached to one blocking means of a corresponding one of said adjacent pairs of said blocking means and being pivotal between a first position in which it is disengaged from the other blocking means of said corresponding one of said adjacent pairs of blocking means and a second position in which it is engaged with said other blocking means to thereby maintain a predetermined spacing between said one blocking means and said other blocking means, all of said spacer bars being in their second position when said blocking means are in their closed position, whereby said blocking means are spaced apart at predetermined intervals along said supporting means when they are in their closed position. 2. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 1, wherein each of said spacer bars is rigid to thereby inhibit any deviation in said predetermined spacing between adjacent blocking means when said blocking means are in their closed position. 3. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 1, wherein said spacer bar of said one blocking means includes engaging means for releasably engaging said other blocking means. 4. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 3, wherein said engaging means includes a hook provided on a free end of said spacer bar. 5. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 4, wherein said other blocking means includes receiving means for receiving said free end of said spacer bar and a journal located within said receiving means so as to be engageable by said hook of said spacer bar. 6. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 5, wherein said receiving means includes a slot formed in said other blocking means. 7. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 5, wherein said one blocking means includes urging means for urging said spacer bar into said receiving means of said other blocking means. 8. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 7, wherein said urging means includes a spring. 9. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 5, wherein said spacer bar of said one blocking means includes disengaging means for disengaging said hook of said spacer bar from said journal of said receiving means. 10. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 9, wherein said disengaging means includes a cam-like surface located so as to slidably engage said journal of said receiving means, said cam-like surface having a shape designed to move said spacer bar away from said journal in response to the movement of said one blocking means towards said other blocking means. 11. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 1, wherein each of said blocking means includes a slat made of a refractive material, one side of said slat having a prismatic contour designed to retro-reflect incoming solar rays when an opposite side of said slat is arranged generally perpendicular to the incoming solar rays. 12. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 11, wherein each of said blocking means includes a carriage slidably mounted on said supporting means, a corresponding one of said slats depending from said carriage and being rotatable relative thereto. 13. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 1, wherein said moving means includes a rotatable drive shaft extending along said supporting means and having external threads provided thereon and an arcuate member attached to a leading one of said blocking means, said arcuate member having internal threads which threadedly engage said external threads of said drive shaft, whereby said arcuate member and hence said leading one of said blocking means moves along said drive shaft in response to the rotation thereof. 14. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 13, wherein said supporting means includes mounting means for mounting said drive shaft therein, said mounting means including a bearing which embraces a major circumferential portion of said drive shaft and which is substantially coextensive with said drive shaft, whereby said drive shaft is supported along substantially its entire length to thereby inhibit it from sagging. 15. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 14, wherein said arcuate member threadedly engages said drive shaft over a minor circumferential portion thereof. 16. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 15, wherein said major circumferential portion is 240 degrees and said minor circumferential portion is 120 degrees. 17. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 1, wherein all of said spacer bars are of the same length, whereby said predetermined intervals between adjacent blocking means are a uniform distance. 18. A vertical Venetian blind, comprising a plurality of blocking means for blocking solar rays; supporting means for supporting each of said blocking means in a generally vertical orientation; moving means for moving said blocking means along said supporting means between a closed position and an open position, said moving means including a rotatable drive shaft extending along said supporting means and having external threads provided thereon and an arcuate member attached to a leading one of said blocking means, said arcuate member having internal threads which threadedly engage said external threads of said drive shaft, whereby said arcuate member and hence said leading one of said blocking means moves along said drive shaft in response to the rotation thereof; rotating means for rotating each of said blocking means about a generally vertical axis of rotation associated therewith; coupling means for coupling and uncoupling adjacent pairs of said blocking means in response to the movement of said blocking means along said supporting means; and mounting means, housed in said supporting means, for mounting said drive shaft therein, said mounting means including a bearing which embraces a major circumferential portion of said drive shaft and which is substantially coextensive with said drive shaft, whereby said drive shaft is continuously supported along substantially its entire length to thereby inhibit it from sagging. 19. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 18, wherein said arcuate member threadedly engages said drive shaft over a minor circumferential portion thereof. 20. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 19, wherein said major circumferential portion is 240 degrees and said minor circumferential portion is 120 degrees. 21. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 18, wherein said supporting means includes a guide rail having an interior compartment and suspending means located in said interior compartment for suspending said bearing within said guide rail. 22. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 21, wherein said suspending means includes a plurality of legs depending from an upper surface of said guide rail and being rigidly attached to said bearing. 23. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 22, wherein said legs are formed monolithically with said bearing. 24. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 18, wherein each of said blocking means includes a slat made of a refractive material, one side of said slat having a prismatic contour designed to retro-reflect incoming solar rays when an opposite side of said slat is arranged generally perpendicular to the incoming solar rays. 25. A vertical Venetian blind according to claim 24, wherein each of said blocking means includes a carriage slidably mounted on said supporting means, a corresponding one of said slats depending from said carriage and being rotatable relative thereto. 