A solar concentrator device has a solar energy receiver and a solar energy reflector including a plurality of individual panels turnable about two mutually perpendicular axes so that the panels in one row are jointly turnable about a first axis, the panels in the same row are turnable also relative to two further axes.
Claims What ic claimed is: 1. A solar concentrator device comprising a solar energy receiver; and a flat solar energy reflector arranged to reflect solar energy to said receiver, said reflector including a substantially square-shaped frame limiting an inner space, a plurality of individual flat reflective panels arranged in said space in a first group or rows extending in a first direction and a second group of rows extending in a second direction substantially transverse to said first direction and so that each of said panels is turnable about three mutually perpendicular axes, and means for mounting said panels so that they are turnable about said axes, said mounting means including first means which connect said panels in said rows extending in one of said directions so that said panels in each of said rows extending in said one direction are jointly turnable about a first one of said axes, second means for mounting each of said panels so that in each of said rows extending in said one direction each of said panels is turnable about a second one of said axes, and third means for mounting each panel in each of said rows extending in said one direction so that each of said panels is turnable about a third one of said axes. 2. A solar concentrator device as defined in claim 1, wherein said frame has two opposite pairs of frame members, said first means including a plurality of elongated mounting members extending between and connected with said frame members of one of said pairs of said frame members and each supporting said panels of one of said rows extending in said one direction, said elongated mounting members being turnable relative to said frame members of said one pair about said first axis. 3. A solar concentrator device as defined in claim 2, wherein said frame and said elongated mounting member are formed by plastic tubes. 4. A solar concnetrator device as defined in claim 1, wherein said second means includes a second mounting member connected with each of said panels and with a respective one of said elongated mounting members and turnable relative to the latter about said second axis. 5. A solar concentrator device as defined in claim 4, wherein each of said second mounting members includes a first portion fixedly connected with a respective one of said mounting members and a second portion connected with a respective one of said panels and turnable relative to said first portion about said second axis. 6. A solar concentrator device as defined in claim 5, wherein said first portion includes an elongated piece having two ends and a tee provided on one of said ends and fitted over a respective one of said mounting members, said second portion having a tee fitted on the other of said ends of said elongated piece and connected with a respective one of said panels. 7. A solar concentrator device as defined in claim 6, wherein said third means includes an axle connected with said second mentioned tee, and at least one bracket fixedly connected with a respective one of said panels and turnable over said axle about said third axis. 8. A solar concentrator device as defined in claim 1, wherein said receiver includes a box forming an inner chamber, a plurality of photovoltaic cells sealed with a clear plastic and accommodated in said chamber, and water filling said chamber and surrounding said photovoltaic cells. 9. A solar concentrator device as defined in claim 1, wherein said frame is provided with connecting means for connecting to a frame of other such reflectors. 