A louvre screen or blind comprising a number of blades located in side by side parallel relationship extending between two spaced apart framework members. The louvre blades are mounted so as to be capable of pivoting about their respective lengthwise extending axes by a fixed fastening means at their collective one ends and fastening means with selectively adjustable tension at the collective other ends. The selectively adjustable tension fastening means and the fixed fastening means co-operating to maintain the blades in tension so that the blades are capable of resisting deformation of the blades from their parallel position in use.
Claims I claim: 1. A louvre screen assembly comprising a plurality of substantially parallel spaced apart blades interconnected together by at least one interconnecting means for controlling operation of the blades in unison wherein one end of each of the plurality of blades is secured to a first framework member by a fixed fastening element and at the other end to a second framework member by an adjustable or resiliently mounted fastening element so that when the blade is located intermediate the respective fastening elements the blade is free to pivot about its lengthwise extending axis in response to corresponding movement of the interconnection means, each of said blades being maintained under a predetermined tension in its lengthwise extending direction due to tension provided by said adjustment or resilient mounted fastening element so as to resist unwanted deformation from its parallel position whilst allowing pivotal movement, at least one of each blade being curled over upon itself in order to define a substantially circular aperture and a collar being located in said aperture to receive a support wire, said support wire being clamped to secure the end of the blade. 2. A louvre screen assembly comprising a plurality of substantially parallel spaced apart blades interconnected together by at least one interconnection means for controlling operation of the blades in unison wherein one end of each of the plurality of blades is secured to a first framework member by a fixed fastening element and at the other end to a second framework member by an adjustable or resiliently mounted fastening element so that when the blade is located intermediate the respective fastening elements the blade is free to pivot about its lengthwise extending axis in response to corresponding movement of the interconnection means, each of said blades being maintained under a predetermined tension in its lengthwise extending direction due to tension provided by said adjustment or resilient mounted fastening element so as to resist unwanted deformation from its parallel position whilst allowing pivotal movement, one end of each blade being provided with a flange and a keyhole slot at or near the flange, said keyhole slot being adapted to receive a support wire therethrough, said wire being provided with a retaining means to secure the end of the blade. 3. A louvre screen assembly comprising a plurality of substantially parallel spaced apart blades interconnected together by at least one interconnection means for controlling operation of the blades in unison wherein one end of each of the plurality of blades is secured to a first framework member by a fixed fastening element and at the other end to a second framework member by an adjustable or resiliently mounted fastening element so that when the blade is located intermediate the respective fastening elements the blade is free to pivot about its lengthwise extending axis in response to corresponding movement of the interconnection means, each of said blades being maintained under a predetermined tension in its lengthwise extending direction due to tension provided by said adjustment or resilient mounted fastening element so as to resist unwanted deformation from its parallel position whilst allowing pivotal movement, each of the connection means being a cross-wire or thin strip of metal, each wire or metal strip having a plurality of apertures located at regularly spaced apart intervals over its entire length, each blade being provided with a retaining clip for connecting the blade to the interconnecting element for permitting movement of the blades in unison in response to movement of the interconnecting means, said retaining clip comprising a hooklike projection located at its distal end for engaging one of the apertures provided in the interconnecting element and an attachment means located at its proximal end facilitating attachment of the clip to the blade, said attachment means being a helical or spiral spring means in which a first portion of the spring means is located on one side of the blade and a second portion of the spring means is located on the other side of the blade so that the spring means staddles and frictionally engages the blade. 4. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 3 in which the spacings of the apertures, of the interconnecting means is such so as to permit the hook portions of the retaining clips to be received through the apertures to allow operation of the blades in unison in response to movement of the interconnecting element. 5. A louvre screen assembly adapted for use for mounting externally in a window or similar opening for controlling the amount of solar radiation being transmitted through the window or opening comprising a plurality of substantially parallel spaced apart lightweight blades forming a louvre arrangement, said blades being interconnected together by at least one lightweight interconnection means for controlling operation of the blades in unison between a fully opened position for admitting a substantially absolute maximum amount of radiation and a fully closed position, said interconnection means being arranged to extend substantially transversely of said blades, each of said lightweight blades being of the very thin louvre type having a thickness very much less than its width so that when in the fully opened position, the blades are substantially invisible when viewed directly side on, first and second framework members being arranged substantially transversely to the axes of the plurality of blades, a plurality of fixed fastening elements, a plurality of adjustable or resiliently mounted fastening elements, said blades being arranged so that one end of each of the plurality of blades is pivotally secured to said first framework member by a fixed fastening element for securely anchoring the blade in position and the other end of each blade is pivotally secured to said second framework member by said adjustable or resiliently mounted fastening element for applying a preselected tension to the blade, said blades when located in position between the first and second framework members being free to pivot about their lengthwise extending axes in unison in response to corresponding movement of the interconnection means, said blades being mounted in position under tension in use so as to be able to resist unwanted deflection or deformation from their substantially parallel position in use during periods of high wind loading, wherein said adjustable or resiliently mounted fastening element includes a spring means and a support wire wherein one end of the support wire is fixedly connected to the blade and the other end of the support wire is releasably connected to the spring means. 6. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 5 in which when the plurality of blades are in the fully opened position the edges of adjacent blades are spaced apart from each other and when in the fully closed position the edges of adjacent blades partially overlap. 7. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 5 in which the blades are made of metal. 8. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 7 in which the metal is stainless steel or aluminum. 9. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 5 in which each of the blades is centrally pivoted along its longitudinal central axis. 10. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 5 in which each of the blades is pivoted off-center towards one side edge of the blade. 11. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 5 in which there is a plurality of similar interconnection means located at spaced apart locations at intervals along the longitudinal length of the blades. 12. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 11 in which each of the plurality of interconnection means has a plurality of attachment means located at regularly spaced apart intervals over its entire length, each attachment means connected to one blade for operating the blades in use. 13. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 5 in which the interconnection means is a cross wire or thin strip of metal. 14. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 13 in which the cross wire is formed from at least two wires wound around each other in a helical arrangement having a twisted or braided appearance. 15. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 14 in which the attachment means is an aperture. 16. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 15 in which the fixed fastening means is a collar formed integrally with one end of the blade and a support wire extending from the collar, said first framework member having an aperture located therein for receiving one end of the support wire, wherein said support wire, after passing through the aperture, is retained in place by a ferrule frictionally clamped about the support wire thereby securely maintaining the end of the blade in position. 17. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 5 in which the spring means of the adjustable or resiliently mounted fastening means comprises a sinusoidally shaped spring having one or more slots. 18. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 5 in which at least one end of the blade is curled over upon itself in order to define a substantially circular aperture having a collar located therein to receive a support wire, said collar clamping said support wire for securing the end of the blade in place. 19. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 5 in which one end of the blade is provided with a flange and a keyhole slot in, at or near the flange, said keyhole slot being adapted to receive a support wire therethrough, said support wire being provided with a retaining means to secure the end of the blade. 20. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 5 wherein each blade is provided with a retaining clip for connecting the blade to the interconnecting element, said interconnecting element being provided with a plurality of apertures, said retaining clip comprising a hook-like projection located at its distal end for engaging one of the apertures provided in the interconnecting element and an attachment means located at its proximal end to facilitate attachment of the clip to the blade. 21. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 20 in which the attachment means is a helical or spiral spring means in which a first portion of the spring means is located on one side of the blade and a second portion of the spring means is located on the other side of the blade so that the spring means straddles and fictionally engages the blade. 22. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 21 in which each of the plurality of blades is provided with an indentation means for additionally co-operating with the spring means of the retaining clip, to securely locate and hold the clip on the blade. 23. A louvre screen assembly according to claim 21 in which each of the blades is provided with a co-operating means in the form of one or more crimpable tabs for securely fastening the retaining clip to the blade. 