Electrical power transfer apparatus (40) for controlling the supply of electrical power from an array of photovoltaic cells (41) to an electrical load (46) by means of a switching power converter (45). The switching power converter (45) is controlled by a regulator (58) to maintain the output voltage from the photovoltaic array (41) at a fixed fraction of the open circuit voltage of the photovoltaic array (41), the fixed fraction suitably being between 0.75 and 0.8, whereby the power transfer from the photovoltaic array (41) is maximized. The open circuit voltage of the photovoltaic array (41) is sensed by inhibiting the operation of the switching power converter for short sampling periods at regular intervals, and allowing a capacitor (52) to charge to the voltage of the open-circuited photovoltaic array (41) during the sampling periods.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Power transfer control apparatus for optimizing the power output from a photovoltaic array having a variable open circuit voltage, said control apparatus comprising: monitoring means for providing a sample voltage which is a linear proportion of the open circuit voltage of said photovoltaic array: voltage scaling means for reducing the sample voltage by a constant fraction to yield a reference voltage between 0.75 and 0.8 of the sample voltage: array voltage detection means for providing a scaled array voltage which is the same proportion of the output voltage of said photovoltaic array under load as the sample voltage is of the open circuit voltage: a comparator connected to said voltage scaling means and to said array voltage detection means, said comparator being capable of comparing said reference voltage with the scaled array voltage; and, regulation means responsive to said comparator wherein said comparator and said regulation means comprise a feedback control loop for regulating the output voltage of the photovoltaic array under load to said constant fraction of the open circuit voltage of the photovoltaic array. 2. The power transfer control apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said constant fraction is 0.77. 3. The power transfer control apparatus according to claim 2, wherein said comparator has input voltage ranges which are less than said reference voltage and said array voltage, and wherein each of said reference voltage and said array voltage are varied by the same linear proportion to match the input requirements of said comparator. 4. The power transfer control apparatus according to claim 3, wherein said monitoring means includes an open circuited photovoltaic cell disposed in the same environment as the photovoltaic array, the photovoltaic cell being selected to have a variable open circuit voltage of a known linear proportion of the variable open circuit voltage of the photovoltaic array. 5. The power transfer control apparatus according to claim 3, wherein said monitoring means includes a capacitor arranged to be charged to said sample voltage, there being provided interrupting means for interrupting the current flow to the load from said photovoltaic array so that said capacitor is capable of being charged at a voltage proportional to the open circuit voltage of the photovoltaic array. 6. The power transfer control apparatus according to claim 5, wherein said interrupting means interrupts said current flow for a sampling period which is of a less duration when compared to the interval between successive sampling periods. 7. The power transfer control apparatus according to claim 6, wherein said sampling period is less than one percent of said interval. 8. Power transfer control apparatus for optimizing the power output from a photovoltaic array having a variable open circuit voltage, said control apparatus comprising: monitoring means for providing a sample voltage which is a linear proportion of the open circuit voltage of said photovoltaic array; voltage scaling means for reducing the sample voltage by a constant fraction; array voltage detection means for providing a scaled array voltage which is the same proportion of the output voltage of said photovoltaic array under load as the sample voltage is of the open circuit voltage; a comparator connected to said voltage scaling means and to said array voltage detection means, said comparator being capable of comparing said reference voltage with the scaled array voltage; and, regulation means responsive to said comparator wherein said comparator and said regulation means comprise a feedback control loop for regulating the output voltage of the photovoltaic array under load to a voltage between 0.75 and 0.8 of the open circuit voltage of the photovoltaic array. 