A solar energy intensifier and collector is disclosed which employs a series of radiation intensifying lenses arranged in either a single circle or in two or more concentric circles lying in a single plane, and a like series of reflectors spaced from the plane containing the lenses. Each of the reflectors reflects intensified solar energy from a different one of the lenses onto an energy absorbing target, the target being located at the precise foral distance from each lens as measured along its corresponding energy radiating path which extends from the lens to the corresponding reflector and thence from the reflector to the energy absorbing target. Reflectors for lenses lying in a given diameter concentric circle are spaced the same distance from the lens containing plane but are spaced further from the lens containing plane than are reflectors for lenses lying in lesser diameter concentric circles.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar energy intensifier and collector system comprising a plurality of solar radiation intensifying lenses disposed in a single plane in at least one circular array, each said circular array having a common center, mounting means for supporting said lenses, a plurality of solar radiation reflector assemblies equal in number to said plurality of lenses and spaced from said mounting means, each of said assemblies being adapted to reflect solar energy beamed thereon from a different one of said lenses inwardly toward an axis of said circular array, and solar radiation absorbing means disposed on said axis in a line of sight of each of said reflector assemblies, each of said assemblies being disposed so as to reflect solar radiation passing through its corresponding lens onto said absorbing means at the focal point of said corresponding lens. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said plurality of lenses comprises two sets of lenses, each set being disposed on and around a different concentric circle lying in a single plane, each said set containing a series of lenses having identical focal point distances, the focal point distances of each said set being different from that of the other of said set. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein each of said solar radiation reflecting assemblies comprises a mirror, and means for adjusting said mirror for causing solar energy passing through its corresponding lens to be reflected onto said absorbing means at the effective focal point of said corresponding lens. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein said plurality of lenses is divided into at least two sets, each of said sets being disposed in a different one of said circular arrays, each of said plurality of reflector assemblies being likewise divided into two sets, the reflector assemblies of one set which are associated with the lenses of one set being spaced at a different distance from said mounting means than that of reflector assemblies of the other of said sets of lenses and reflector assemblies. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein said solar radiation absorbing means comprises a standpipe, at least one radiation absorbing collar formed on said standpipe said collar and standpipe being connected together thermally, means for introducing a liquid into a base of said standpipe, and means for extracting a vaporized form of said liquid from another end of said standpipe. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of said reflector assemblies comprises a mirror, a backing plate containing a dimple-like recess opening onto a rear surface thereof, said mirror being attached to a front surface of said backing plate, a threaded shaft adjustably connected on one end thereof to said mounting means and containing a flattened member on the other end thereof, a back plate supporting rod containing threading on one end thereof and adjustably inserted through said flattened member and through a pair of threaded fasteners disposed on opposite sides of said flattened member, the other end of said back plate supporting rod being rounded and projecting into said backing plate recess, a first U-shaped bracket extending between said mirror and backing plate, a pair of springs connected between opposite sides of said U-shaped bracket on an upper end portion thereof to a threaded portion of said back plate supporting rod, a second bracket connected to said back plate supporting rod, and an adjustable threaded fastener connected between a lower end of said U-shaped bracket and a lower end portion of said second bracket. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the plurality of lenses disposed in each of said circular arrays is six, the lenses in each of said arrays being equally spaced around said common center. 8. The system of claim 1 further comprising a housing having at least one open end, said mounting means being disposed in one open end. 9. The system of claim 7 wherein the total number of circular arcs is four. 10. The system of claim 8 further comprising a support assembly attached to said housing, said housing being cylindrically shaped and being adjustable in said assembly through a vertical arc for adjusting said plate perpendicular to the rays of the sun. 