An underwater transducer system reproduces high-fidelity audio signals underwater, and detects and monitors low levels of sound activity, both adjacent to a body of water such as a swimming pool, and in the water. The system includes an underwater housing for a diaphragm that directly contacts the water, a coil assembly movable within the housing and rigidly connected to the center of the diaphragm by a tubular member of the coil assembly engaging a cylindrical boss portion of the diaphragm. The housing can be suspended by an elongated cord member from a wall coping, or mounted within a wall fixture structure. The system can have a source of illumination, a conduit from the source terminating in the housing on the coil axis proximate the diaphragm, and an optical element sealingly protrudes the diaphragm for transmitting light-amplified illumination into the water. A head portion of the optical element that substantially fills the boss portion of the diaphragm incorporates a pair of mirrored surfaces for spreading the illumination and transmitting it into the water. A control unit located to one side of the water provides a speaker mode and a microphone mode of operating the transducer, the microphone mode having a monitor mode and an alarm mode for detecting an alarm condition based on discrimination of an alarm sound condition occurring in the pool. The control unit can also interface a closed circuit TV for visually monitoring the pool. Also disclosed is a method for making the underwater transducer.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An underwater transducer system for a body of water, comprising: (a) a housing; (b) means for positioning the housing in the water; (c) a diaphragm in the housing; (d) means for connecting an outer edge of the diaphragm to the housing, at least one side of the diaphragm being in direct contact with the water; (e) a coil assembly having at least one turn of a conductive material about a coil axis, opposite ends of the conductive material forming a pair of coil terminals; (f) means for rigidly affixing the coil assembly to the diaphragm, the coil assembly being movable within the housing, comprising: (i) a tubular member extending to one end of the coil assembly, the tubular member having a cylindrical inside surface concentric with the coil axis; and (ii) a centrally located boss portion formed in the diaphragm, the boss portion having a cylindrical outside surface in locating engagement with the inside surface of the tubular member; (g) a magnetic field magnet in the housing for producing a magnetic field, and having an associated annular slot for receiving the coil assembly, the magnetic field intersecting the conductive material of the coil assembly, whereby a voltage between the coil terminals is correlated with sound waves in the water; and (h) a cylindrical strip of a lubricative plastic material located within the annular slot for preventing contact between the coil assembly and the magnet by sliding contact between the strip and the coil assembly. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the tubular member defines an end registration surface at the one end of the coil assembly, the end registration surface being perpendicular to the coil axis and in engagement with an outwardly radiating portion of the diaphragm proximate the boss portion. 3. The system of claim 2, further comprising an adhesive material for rigidly retaining the tubular member on the boss portion. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the adhesive material comprises an epoxy resin. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the coil assembly further comprises a flexible member extending from the tubular member and having a free end, and a first connector element attached to the free end of the flexible member within the housing for removably connecting the coil terminals to a pair of transducer conductors extending external to the housing, a free end of the pair of transducer conductors also extending internal to the housing and having a second connector element thereon for coupling to the first connector element, the coupled connector elements being suspended within the housing by the flexible member and the transducer conductors. 6. An underwater transducer system for a body of water, comprising: (a) a housing; (b) a diaphragm movable in the housing; (c) a coil assembly operatively connected to the diaphragm for moving the diaphragm; (d) means for producing a magnetic filed in the housing, whereby a voltage across the coil is connected with sound waves in the water; and (e) a flexible plate member in contact with the water, means for moving an armature connection point of the plate member in a direction normal to the plate member in response to movement of the armature member, and means for connecting the plate member to the housing at locations spaced about the armature connection point, whereby the plate member is caused to flex for producing the correlation between the voltage between the coil terminals and the sound in the water. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the diaphragm comprises a rigid armature member and a flexible ring member connected to an outer periphery of the armature member for forming the outer edge of the diaphragm. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the diaphragm comprises a planar disk member. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the disk member is formed from an acrylic plastic, having a thickness of approximately 0.125 inch and an outside diameter of approximately 7.5 inches. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the body of water is in contact with a wall structure, the housing being adapted for mounting to the wall structure. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the wall structure includes a recess for receiving an underwater fixture, the housing being mounted in the recess. 12. An underwater transducer system for a body of water, the body of water being in contact with a wall structure having a coping formed thereon at an upper extremity thereof, the system comprising: (a) a housing; (b) a diaphragm movable in the housing; (c) a coil assembly operatively connected to the diaphragm for moving with the diaphragm; (d) means for producing a magnetic field in the housing, whereby a voltage across the coil is correlated with sound waves in the water; (e) an elongated cord member mechanically connected to the housing and having conductors electrically connected to the coil; (f) a hanger member for engaging the coping, the cord member engaging the hanger member for suspending the housing from the coping. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the hanger member comprises a metallic material having uniform cross section and formed with passage means for grippingly receiving the cord. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the coping has a lip portion extending outwardly from the wall structure to a lip extremity, the hanger member being field formable about the lip portion for locating a vertically extending portion of the cord member immediately below the lip portion, the vertically extending portion being positioned horizontally between the wall structure and the lip extremity. 15. The system of claim 12, further comprising a cover member for the cord member, the cover member extending from proximate the hanger member toward the control unit for preventing the cord member from tripping users passing between the hanger member and the control unit. 16. An underwater transducer system for a body of water, comprising: (a) a housing; (b) a diaphragm movable in the housing; (c) a coil assembly operatively connected to the diaphragm for moving with the diaphragm; (d) means for producing a magnetic field in the housing, whereby a voltage across the coil is correlated with sound waves in the water; (e) a source of illumination; and (f) conduit means for conducting the illumination from the source, within the coil assembly, and through the diaphragm for illuminating the water. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the source of illumination is external to the housing, and the conduit means comprises: (a) an elongated, flexible, optical conduit operatively connected to the source of illumination, the conduit extending into the housing, along the coil axis, and terminating proximate the diaphragm; and (b) an optical element protruding the diaphragm and sealingly mounted thereto for receiving illumination from the conduit and transmitting the illumination into the water. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein a head portion of the optical element substantially fills a centrally located boss portion of the diaphragm for spreading the illumination to an exit diameter that is approximately equal to a coil diameter of the coil assembly. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the optical element further comprises: (a) a first mirrored surface centrally located on the head portion for reflecting the illumination within the head portion rearwardly toward the conduit and radially outwardly; and (b) a second mirrored surface within the head portion for reflecting the reflected illumination forwardly within the head portion and into the water. 20. The system of claim 16, further comprising means for modulating the brightness of the source of illumination in relation to the movement of the coil. 21. The system of claim 1, further comprising: (a) an audio signal source; and (b) speaker connection means for operatively connecting the signal source to the coil terminals, whereby the sound waves in the water are produced in response to the audio signal source. 22. The system of claim 21, further comprising power amplifier means, and means for operatively connecting the power amplifier means between the signal source and the coil terminals. 23. The system of claim 1, further comprising: (a) signal amplifier means; (b) signal output means, located outside of the body of water; and (c) microphone connection means for operatively connecting the signal amplifier means between the signal output means and the coil terminals, whereby the signal output means is responsive to the sound waves in the water for signalling activity in the water to a location outside the water. 24. The system of claim 23, further comprising threshold means for producing an alarm signal in response to a predetermined output from the signal amplifier means. 25. An underwater transducer system for a body of water, comprising: (a) a housing; (b) a diaphragm movable in the housing; (c) a coil assembly operatively connected to the diaphragm for moving with the diaphragm; (d) means for producing a magnetic field in the housing, whereby a voltage across the coil is correlated with sound waves in the water; (e) signal amplifier means; (f) signal output means, located outside of the body of water; (g) microphone connection means for operatively connecting the signal amplifier means between the signal output means and the coil terminals, whereby the signal output means is responsive to the sound waves in the water for signalling activity in the water to a location outside the water; (h) threshold means for producing an alarm signal in response to a predetermined output from the signal amplifier means, the threshold means comprising a discriminator frequency filter circuit for filtering an output of the signal amplifier means, whereby a predetermined relatively low energy level signal pattern associated with a crisis condition produces the alarm signal, and a higher energy level signal pattern associated with normal pool activity does not produce the alarm signal. 26. The system of claim 25, wherein the threshold means comprises adjustment means for setting a desired alarm magnitude of the signal amplifier means output. 27. The system of claim 25, wherein the filter circuit comprises a band-pass filter having a first corner frequency of approximately 20 Hz and a second corner frequency of approximately 100 Hz. 28. The system of claim 27, wherein the filter circuit produces a frequency gain rolloff of at least approximately 24 dB per octave outside of the first and second corner frequencies. 29. The system of claim 25, further comprising a housing indicator on the housing, the housing indicator being operatively connected to the alarm signal for indicating occurrence of the alarm condition. 30. The system of claim 25, further comprising latch means for maintaining the alarm signal following the occurrence of the predetermined output from the signal amplifier means. 31. The system of claim 25, further comprising a radio transmitter operatively responsive to the threshold means for producing an alarm transmission, and a radio receiver for producing a system alarm signal in response to the alarm transmission. 32. An underwater transducer system for a body of water, comprising: (a) a housing; (b) a diaphragm movable in the housing; (c) a coil assembly operatively connected to the diaphragm for moving with the diaphragm; (d) means for producing a magnetic field in the housing, whereby a voltage across the coil is correlated with sound waves in the water; (e) signal amplifier means; (f) signal output means, located outside of the body of water; (g) microphone connection means for operatively connecting the signal amplifier means between the signal output means and the coil terminals, whereby the signal output means is responsive to the sound waves in the water for signalling activity in the water to a location outside the water; (h) a radio transmitter operatively responsive to the threshold means for producing an alarm transmission, and a radio receiver for producing a system alarm signal in response to the alarm transmission; and (i) a solar cell array for powering the signal amplifier means, the threshold detector means, and the radio transmitter means. 33. An underwater transducer system for a body of water, comprising: (a) a housing; (b) a diaphragm movable in the housing; (c) a coil assembly operatively connected to the diaphragm for moving with the diaphragm; (d) means for producing a magnetic field in the housing, whereby a voltage across the coil is correlated with sound waves in the water; (e) signal amplifier means; (f) signal output means, located outside of the body of water; (g) microphone connection means for operatively connecting the signal amplifier means between the signal output means and the coil terminals, whereby the signal output means is responsive to the sound waves in the water for signalling activity in the water to a location outside the water; (h) threshold means for producing an alarm signal in response to a predetermined output from the signal amplifier means; and (i) an auxiliary transducer for sensing activity outside of the body of water, and means for producing the alarm signal in response to the auxiliary transducer. 34. The system of claim 33, further comprising a plurality of the auxiliary transducers, each of the auxiliary transducers being operatively connected to a radio transmitter, and central station having a radio receiver for generating a system alarm upon occurrence of an alarm condition as detected by any of the auxiliary transducers. 35. The system of claim 33, wherein the auxiliary sensor comprises microphone means comprising a permanent magnet speaker, a housing for the microphone means, and base means for the housing, whereby the housing and the microphone means are supportable in spaced relation above a horizontal deck surface for coupling both vibrational movement of the deck surface and atmospheric sounds to the microphone means. 36. The system of claim 25, further comprising oscillator means for transmitting an alarm tone in response to the alarm signal. 37. An underwater transducer system for a body of water, comprising: (a) a housing; (b) a diaphragm movable in the housing; (c) a coil assembly operatively connected to the diaphragm for moving with the diaphragm; (d) means for producing a magnetic field in the housing, whereby a voltage across the coil is correlated with sound waves in the water; (e) signal amplifier means; (f) signal output means, located outside of the body of water; (g) microphone connection means for operatively connecting the signal amplifier means between the signal output means and the coil terminals, whereby the signal output means is responsive to the sound waves in the water for signalling activity in the water to a location outside the water; (h) an audio signal source; (i) speaker connection means for operatively connecting the signal source to the coil terminals, whereby the sound waves in the water are produced in response to the audio signal source; (j) switching means for selectively inhibiting the microphone connection means in a first mode wherein the sound waves in the water are produced in response to the audio signal source, and for selectively inhibiting the speaker connection means in a second mode wherein the signal output means is responsive to the sound waves for signalling activity in the water to a location outside the water. 38. The system of claim 37, including power amplifier means is operatively connected between the audio signal source and the coil terminals in the first mode. 39. The system of claim 37, further comprising threshold means for producing an alarm signal during the second mode of the switching means in response to a predetermined output from the signal amplifier means. 40. The system of claim 39, wherein the second mode of the switching means is operative in a monitor submode wherein the signal output means is operatively connected to the signal amplifier means for continuously monitoring sound produced by activity in the body of water, and an alarm submode wherein the signal output means is operatively connected to the threshold means for transmitting an occurrence of the alarm signal. 41. An underwater transducer system for a body of water, comprising: (a) a housing; (b) means for positioning the housing in the water; (c) aquatic transducer means in the housing, comprising: (i) a diaphragm; (ii) means for connecting an outer edge of the diaphragm to the housing, at least one side of the diaphragm being in direct contact with the water; (iii) a coil member having at least one turn of a conductive material, opposite ends of the conductive material forming a pair of coil terminals; and (iv) means for connecting the coil member to the diaphragm, the coil member being movable within the housing, whereby a voltage between the coil terminals is correlated with sound waves in the water; (d) signal amplifier means; (e) signal output means, located outside of the body of water; (f) microphone connection means for operatively connecting the signal amplifier means to the signal output means and the coil terminals, whereby the signal output means is responsive to the sound waves in the water for signalling activity in the water to a location outside the water; (g) an audio signal source; (h) speaker connection means for operatively connecting the signal source to the coil terminals, whereby the sound waves in the water are produced in response to the audio signal source; and (i) switching means for selectively inhibiting the microphone connection means in a first mode wherein the sound waves in the water are produced in response to the audio signal source, and for selectively inhibiting the speaker connection means in a second mode wherein the signal output means is responsive to the sound waves in the water for signalling activity in the water to a location outside the water. 42. An underwater transducer system for a body of water, the body of water being in contact with a wall structure having a recess for receiving an underwater fixture, the system comprising: (a) a housing for mounting in the recess; (b) aquatic transducer means in the housing, comprising: (i) a diaphragm; (ii) means for connecting an outer edge of the diaphragm to the housing, at least one side of the diaphragm being in direct contact with the water; (iii) a coil member having at least one turn of a conductive material, opposite ends of the conductive material forming a pair of coil terminals; and (iv) means for connecting the coil member to the diaphragm, the coil member being movable within the housing, whereby a voltage between the coil terminals is correlated with sound waves in the water; (c) a source of illumination; (d) conduit means for conducting the illumination from the source, within the coil assembly, and through the diaphragm for illuminating the water. (e) an audio signal source; (f) power amplifier means; (g) speaker connection means for operatively connecting the power amplifier means to the signal source and the coil terminals, whereby the sound waves in the water are produced in response to the audio signal source; and (h) means for modulating the brightness of the illumination source in response to the audio signal source. 43. An underwater transducer system for a body of water, the body of water being in contact with a wall structure having a recess for receiving an underwater lamp assembly, the system comprising: (a) a housing for mounting in the recess; (b) aquatic transducer means in the housing, comprising: (i) a diaphragm having an outer edge and a centrally located boss portion formed in the diaphragm, the boss portion having a cylindrical outside surface; (ii) means for connecting the outer edge of the diaphragm to the housing, at least one side of the diaphragm being in direct contact with the water; (iii) a coil assembly having at least one turn of a conductive material about a coil axis, a tubular member extending to one end of the coil assembly and having a cylindrical inside surface concentric with the coil axis, opposite ends of the conductive material forming a pair of coil terminals, the coil assembly being rigidly affixed to the diaphragm by engagement of the inside surface of the tubular member with the outside surface of the boss portion for locating the coil axis concentric with the boss portion; and (iv) means for producing a magnetic field in the housing, the magnetic field intersecting the conductive material of the coil assembly, whereby a voltage between the coil terminals is correlated with sound waves in the water; (c) a source of illumination; (d) conduit means for conducting the illumination from the source, within the coil assembly, and through the diaphragm for illuminating the water. (e) signal amplifier means; (f) signal output means, located outside of the body of water; (g) microphone connection means for operatively connecting the signal amplifier means to the signal output means and the coil terminals, whereby the signal output means is responsive to the sound waves in the water for signalling activity in the water to a location outside the water; (h) an audio signal source; (i) speaker connection means for operatively connecting the signal source to the coil terminals, whereby the sound waves in the water are produced in response to the audio signal source; and (j) switching means for selectively inhibiting the microphone connection means in a first mode wherein the sound waves in the water are produced in response to the audio signal source, and for selectively inhibiting the speaker connection means in a second mode wherein the signal output means is responsive to the sound waves in the water for signalling activity in the water to a location outside the water. 44. A method for making an underwater transducer, unit comprising the steps of: (a) providing a housing for positioning in a body of water, the housing having a cavity therein; (b) forming a diaphragm with a peripheral edge and a centrally located boss portion, the boss portion having a cylindrical outside surface; (c) providing a coil assembly having at least one turn of a conductor on a coil axis, and a tubular extension at one end of the assembly and having a cylindrical inside surface concentric with the coil axis; (d) affixing the coil assembly to the diaphragm with the coil axis concentric with the boss portion, the 45. The method of claim 44, comprising the further step of locating a cylindrical strip of a lubricative plastic material within the annular slot for preventing contact between the coil assembly and the magnet. 46. The system of claim 25, wherein the switching means is operative in a monitor submode wherein the signal output means is operatively connected to the signal amplifier means for continuously monitoring sound produced by activity in the body of water, and an alarm submode wherein the signal output means is operatively connected to the threshold means for transmitting an occurrence of the alarm signal. 47. The system of claim 6, wherein an edge portion of the plate member extends outwardly from the means for connecting the plate member to the housing. 48. The system of claim 12, further comprising a control unit located to one side of the body of water, the control unit being operatively connected by the cord member to the coil. 