A display assembly particularly for the point-of-purchase field utilizes a light source to power the display. A solar cell is electrically connected, through a simple flashing circuit, to an array of light emitting diodes (LEDs). The diodes have a current usage of about 2 ma or less; e.g., they may be double heterojunction AlGaAs/GaAs material. The circuit has a current drain of about 0.1 ma or less. The solar cell may be mounted between an artificial light source (such as a fluorescent bulb) and a surrounding metal housing by sheet material having an undulating (e.g., accordion) configuration. Transparent UV inhibited plastic film tape may attach the solar cell to a central undulation of the sheet material while magnets strips attach side edges of the sheet material to a metal housing, so that the solar cell is in close proximity to (e.g., touches) the light source.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An energy converting assembly for operative association with a light source mounted in a housing, comprising: (a) a solar cell; (b) mounting and spacing means for mounting said solar cell and for occupying space between a light source and a housing for the light source, and having a first portion and a second portion remote from aid first portion; (c) means for holding said solar cell on said first portion of said mounting means; (d) means disposed on said mounting means second portion for connecting said mounting means to the housing for the light source, so that the solar cell is positioned by the mounting means in close proximity with the light source, with the mounting and spacing means occupying space between the housing and the light source; (e) a display electrically connected to said solar cell, and powered thereby when the solar cell receives light rom the light source; and wherein said mounting and spacing means comprises sheet material having first and second faces, and an undulating configuration between first and second opposite side edges thereof, said first portion comprising part of said first face at an undulation substantially centrally between said first and second side edges. 2. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said display comprises an array of light emitting diodes, each having a maximum current requirement of about 2 ma. 3. An assembly as recited in claim 2 further comprising circuitry means electrically connected to said solar cell and said light emitting diodes and mounted on said mounting means between said first and second portions thereof for effecting flashing of said light emitting diodes. 4. An assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said second portion of said mounting means comprises two spaced portions of said second face adjacent said first and second side edges, respectively, of said sheet material. 5. An assembly as recited in claim 4 wherein said undulating configuration is an accordion configuration. 6. An assembly as recited in claim 5 wherein said sheet material is cardboard having a thickness of about 0.01-0.015 inches. 7. An assembly as recited in claim 5 wherein said means (d) comprises magnet strips. 8. An assembly as recited in claim 5 wherein said means (c) comprises transparent UV inhibited plastic film. 9. An assembly as recited in claim 2 wherein the electrical connections between said display and said solar cell are quick disconnect connectors having cooperating male and female elements. 10. An assembly as recited in claim 3 wherein said circuitry means consists essentially of an integrated circuit, a capacitor, a resistor, and a transistor, all electrically interconnected to each other; and wherein said solar cell is mounted on a first face of said means (b), and said circuitry means is operatively mounted to a second face of said means (b), opposite said first face at a position directly adjacent said solar cell. 11. An assembly as recited in claim 3 wherein said mounting and spacing means comprises sheet material having first and second faces, and an undulating configuration between first and second opposite side edges thereof, said first portion comprising part of said first face at an undulation substantially centrally between said first and second side edges, and wherein said undulating configuration is an accordion configuration, and wherein said sheet material is cardboard having a thickness of about 0.01-0.015 inches. 12. A point-of-purchase display assembly, comprising: a solar cell; means for mounting said solar cell adjacent a light source; an array of light emitting diodes, each having a maximum current draw of about 2 ma, in a point-of-purchase display; circuit means for effecting flashing of said light emitting diodes having a current drain of less than about 0.1 ma, and consisting essentially of an integrated circuit, a capacitor, a resistor, and a transistor, all operatively electrically connected to each other; and electrical connector means for electrically connecting said circuitry means, array, and solar cell so that when said solar cell receives light from a light source, it flashes said light emitting diodes. 13. A display assembly as recited in claim 12 wherein said connector means comprise quick disconnect connectors having cooperating male and female elements. 14. A display assembly as recited in claim 12 wherein said array of light emitting diodes comprises between about 20 and 30 diodes. 15. An energy converting assembly in combination with an artificial light source mounting in a housing that is at least in part metal, said combination comprising: a solar cell; a piece of sheet material having opposite first and second faces, and opposite first and second side edges, with an undulating configuration between said side edges; means for mounting said solar cell on said first face of said sheet material at an undulation approximately centrally between said first and second side edges; first and second magnet strips, said first strip mounted on said sheet material adjacent said first side edge, and said second strip mounted on said sheet material adjacent said second edge; and said sheet material attached to said housing by said magnet strips with said undulation extending toward said light source, so that said solar cell is disposed in close proximity to said light source. 16. An assembly as recited in claim 15 wherein said sheet material is cardboard, and said undulating configuration is an accordion configuration, and said means for mounting said solar cell to said sheet material comprises a UV inhibited transparent plastic film. 