A solar ray device for illumination is disclosed. The device comprises a solar ray collecting device and an illuminator. The solar ray collecting device has a plurality of optical lenses for focusing solar rays, a plurality of light-guiding cables with their light-receiving ends disposed at the focal points of the optical lenses, and a sensor for detecting the direction of the sun's rays and for creating a control signal causing the optical lenses to be directed toward the sun and thereby introducing the sun's ray into the light-guiding cables. The illuminator receives the light rays transmitted through the light-guiding cables and radiates the same through its lenses disposed opposite the light-emitting ends of the light-guiding cables.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar ray device for illuminating a desired area comprising a solar ray collecting means having a first plurality of collector lenses for receiving and focusing solar rays, illuminator means disposed at said desired area to be illuminated, said illuminator means comprising an illuminator frame means mounted a second plurality of light projection lenses, said first plurality of collector lenses being equal to said second plurality of projection lenses to thereby define paired collector and projection lenses, a plurality of cable means comprising a separate light-guiding cable connected between each paired collector lens and projection lens, each of said separate light-guiding cables having a light-receiving end disposed at the focal point of a respective collector lens, sensor means for detecting the direction of the sun's rays and operable to direct said collector lenses towards the sun such that the sun's rays are introduced into the light-receiving ends of said separate light-guiding cables, each of said separate light-guiding cables further having a light-emitting end, said frame means having mounting means for mounting each of said light-emitting ends at a position such that solar light rays introduced into said separate light-guiding cables are emitted from said light-emitting ends to pass to said projection lenses to be radiated through said projection lenses and thereby projected to said desired area for illuminating said desired area. 2. A solar ray device according to claim 1, wherein each of said separate light-guiding cables is an integral cable element devoid of any intermediate interconnection such that each separate cable element extends uninterruptedly between each paired collector and projection lens and said light rays pass through each separate cable element uninterruptedly from a respective light-receiving end to a respective light-emitting end thereof. 3. A solar ray device according to claim 1, wherein said illuminator frame means comprises a frame on which said projection lenses are mounted, said mounting means mounting said light-emitting ends on said frame such that the position of said light-emitting ends is adjustable relative to said projection lenses to thereby change the area illuminated by said light rays radiating from said projection lenses. 4. A solar ray device according to claim 3, wherein said frame comprises a plurality of elongated support frame elements having two opposite ends, said projection lenses being disposed at one opposite end, said mounting means being disposed at the other opposite end. 5. A solar ray device according to claim 1, wherein said light-emitting end of each of said separate light-guiding cables is disposed at the general area of the focal point of a respective projection lens. 6. A solar ray device according to claim 1 further comprising a transparent front cover on said frame means disposed to cover each of said projection lenses. 7. A solar ray device according to claim 1 further comprising adjustment means on said frame means for adjusting the position and orientation of said frame means to thereby adjust the area being illuminated by said solar light rays. 8. A solar ray device according to claim 1, wherein said illuminator means comprises a plurality of illuminator sub-parts, one of said illuminator sub-parts being operable to radiate said solar light rays in one direction, and at least one other illuminator sub-part being operable to radiate said solar rays in a direction which differs from said one direction. 