Apparatus for cultivating aquatic living things in sea water includes a column vertically installed in water, a solar ray collecting device mounted on the column, a light radiator movably attached to the column and a light guide for transmitting therethrough solar rays from the solar ray collecting device into the light radiator. The radiator is capable of changing its position for radiating aquatic living things such as marine growth or the like according to its increased size due to growth and according to its movement in the sea.
Claims I claim: 1. An apparatus for providing supplemental light during cultivating of aquatic living things in sea water, comprising at least one column in the water, means for maintaining said column in vertical attitude, the improvement comprising a light radiator movably attached to the column, means pivotally mounting said radiator to said column to allow aid radiator to be capable of changing its position for radiating aquatic living things such as kelp of the like according to the movement in the sea water current and a means communicating the solar ray collecting device and the light radiator for transmitting solar rays from the solar ray collecting device into the water adjacent said light radiator. 2. An apparatus for supplemental lighting in the cultivation of aquatic living things in sea water according to claim 1, further characterized in that a plurality of columns are associated by means of connecting arms. 3. An apparatus for supplemental lighting in the cultivation of aquatic living things in sea water according to claim 1, further characterized in that the light radiator comprises a container having a transparent external walls for transmitting the light rays to be used for growing said kelp or the like. 4. An apparatus for supplemental lighting in the cultivation of aquatic living things in sea water according to claim 2, further characterized in that at least one knuckle for joining the connecting arms is provided. 5. An apparatus for supplemental lighting in the cultivating of aquatic living things in sea water according to claim 4, further characterized in that the light radiator has two ends and includes attachment means at a first end, said attachment means being attached intermediate the ends of the column by means so as to be pivotal on a horizontal plane, a second end, said second end including a tether comprising a wire connected to the at least one knuckle. 