Solar cell equipment is mounted using clamps of the present invention. The clamps enable a single mounting which may be employed in conjunction with a frame. The clamps provide electrical contact to the solar cell equipment for carrying the solar generated current. Clamps may also be completely insulated from the solar cell equipment. The clamps provide mechanical stabilization for the solar cell equipment.
Claims We claim as our invention: 1. A solar cell device for generating current, comprising: frameless solar cell means for converting solar energy into electrical current; substrate means for supporting said solar cell means disposed directly below and electrically connected to said solar cell means; and a plurality of claw means for mounting and mechanically stabilizing said solar cell means and said substrate means attached to at least one edge portion of said substrate means, at least some of said claw means being electrically conductive and thereby additionally serving as means for carrying electrical current generated in said solar cells. 2. A solar cell device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said substrate is glass. 3. A solar cell device as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least one of said claw means is in electrical contact with said substrate. 4. A solar cell device as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least one of said claw means contains a bypass diode. 5. A solar cell device as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least one of said claw means is electrically and mechanically connected to an electrically conductive mounting post. 6. A solar cell device as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least one of said claw means is connected to said substrate to relieve strain on electrical wiring in said solar cell device. 7. A solar cell device as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least one of said claw means is a clamp device connected to said substrate. 8. A solar cell device as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least one of said claw means is connected to said substrate to with an adhesive. 9. A solar cell device for generating current, comprising: frameless solar cell means for converting solar energy into electrical current; superstrate means for supporting said solar cell means disposed directly above and electrically connected to said solar cell means; and a plurality of claw means for mounting and mechanically stabilizing said solar cell means and said superstrate means attached to at least one edge portion of superstrate means, at least some of said claw means being electrically conductive and thereby additionally serving as means for carrying electrical current generated in said solar cells. 10. A solar cell device as claimed in claim 9, wherein said superstrate is glass. 11. A solar cell device as claimed in claim 9, wherein at least one of said claw means is in electrical contact with said superstrate. 12. A solar cell device as claimed in claim 9, wherein at least one of said claw means contains a bypass diode. 13. A solar cell device as claimed in claim 9, wherein at least one of said claw means is electrically and mechanically connected to an electrically conductive mounting post. 14. A solar cell device as claimed in claim 9, wherein at least one of said claw means is connected to said superstrate to relieve strain on electrical wiring in said solar cell device. 15. A solar cell device as claimed in claim 9, wherein at least one of said claw means is a clamp device connected to said superstrate. 16. A solar cell device as claimed in claim 9, wherein at least one of said claw means is connected to said superstrate with an adhesive. 