An adapter for converting spray guns to electrostatic or induction charging includes a housing mountable on a spray gun. A high voltage power source is contained in the housing and is connected to an electrode assembly mounted on the front of the housing. The electrode assembly includes four electrodes which extend in front of the spray gun nozzle and air cap and are spaced symmetrically around the spray axis. The nozzle is electrically grounded, while the electrodes carry a voltage in the range of 3-15 kV, to produce in the spray path from the nozzle an electrostatic field which produces electrical charges on the sprayed particles. When conductive liquids are sprayed, the particles are charged by induction at relatively low electrostatic field gradients, while nonconductive liquids require high electrostatic field gradients which produce corona effects. These corona effects are enhanced by the provision of a corona needle mounted on the nozzle at the spray axis.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An adapter for electrostatic charging of particles produced by a spray gun having a spray nozzle for spraying an atomized liquid forwardly along a spray axis and having an air cap on the nozzle, the air cap having a forward surface and having at least one port for directing air under pressure toward the atomized liquid for further atomization and for directing the spray pattern, comprising: an electrode assembly having an axis, said assembly including electrode means around said axis; means for connecting a high voltage of known polarity to said electrode means to produce a charging zone in the region of said axis; and means for mounting said electrode assembly on a spray gun to locate said electrode means forwardly of the forward surface of the air cap and coaxial with a spray axis of the spray gun to space said electrode means close to the spray axis to produce an electrostatic field gradient in said charging zone coaxial with the spray axis and in the path of liquid sprayed from a spray gun on which said electrode assembly is mounted to charge the liquid particles to the opposite polarity as said high voltage. 2. The adapter of claim 1, wherein said means for mounting said electrode assembly includes securing means for engaging a spray gun and support means connected to said securing means for positioning said electrode means sufficiently close to a spray gun nozzle and air cap to produce in said charging zone around a nozzle spray axis a radial electrostatic field gradient sufficient to produce charges on liquid sprayed from a nozzle, but spaced sufficiently far from a nozzle and air cap to suppress flashover. 3. The adapter of claim 2, wherein said means for mounting said electrode assembly further includes housing means connected to said securing means for mounting said housing on a spray gun, and high voltage power supply means carried within said housing means, said adapter further including means connecting the high voltage from said power supply to said electrode assembly. 4. The adapter of claim 3, wherein said electrode assembly is removably connected to said securing means. 5. The adapter of claim 4, further including dielectric shielding means for said electrode means. 6. The adapter of claim 5, wherein said shielding means is a ground shield mounted to said electrode assembly to prevent contact and consequent flashover and arcing between said electrode assembly and a workpiece. 7. The adapter of claim 5, wherein said shielding means includes dielectric means between said electrode assembly and a spray nozzle and air cap to prevent flashover. 8. The adapter of claim 5, wherein said electrode means includes a plurality of electrodes and wherein said shielding means includes a dielectric shield element on each of said plurality of electrodes to prevent flashover. 9. The adapter of claim 8, wherein said dielectric shield element is a cylindrical shield surrounding each of said electrodes. 10. The adapter of claim 1, wherein said electrode assembly includes four spaced electrodes symmetrically spaced around said spray axis, said electrodes being sufficiently close to said spray axis to produce a field gradient of between 6 and 30 kV per unit with an applied voltage of less than about 20 kV to said electrodes. 11. The adapter of claim 10, wherein said means for mounting said electrode assembly includes: a housing including a mounting plate assembly for securing said adapter to a spray gun; a pair of electrode support heads, each carrying a pair of said electrodes; and means removably securing said support heads to said mounting plate assembly. 12. The adapter of claim 11, further including high voltage power supply means mounted in said housing and connected to said electrodes to produce said field gradient. 13. The adapter of claim 12, further including solar cell means on said housing and connected to supply electrical power to said power supply. 14. The adapter of claim 12, further including battery means mounted in said housing and connected to supply electrical power to said power supply. 15. The adapter of claim 14, further including solar cell means on said housing and connected to supply electrical power to said batteries. 16. The adapter of claim 11, wherein said means securing said support heads to said mounting plate assembly includes a plurality of support posts, at least one of said support posts for each said support head carrying electrically conductive means for connecting said electrodes to a source of voltage for supplying said voltage of less than about 20 kV. 17. The adapter of claim 16, wherein said electrically conductive means is a resistor. 18. The adapter of claim 16, wherein said source of voltage is a battery operated power supply in said housing. 19. The adapter of claim 11, wherein said mounting plate assembly includes clamping means. 20. The adapter of claim 11, wherein each of said electrode support heads is generally C-shaped and carries an electrode at each end, said support heads being secured to said mounting plate assembly so as to position said electrodes symmetrically around and close to a nozzle spray axis when said adapter is mounted on a spray gun. 21. The adapter of claim 20, wherein said electrodes are equally spaced from each other. 22. The adapter of claim 20, further including high voltage power supply means mounted in said housing, and circuit means connecting said power supply high voltage to each of said electrodes. 23. The adapter of claim 22, wherein said circuit means includes a current limiting resistor connected to each of said electrodes. 24. The adapter of claim 23, wherein said current limiting resistors are mounted in said electrode support heads. 25. The adapter of claim 23, wherein each said electrode comprises a dielectric base mounted on a corresponding end of one of said C-shaped support heads and a semiconductive coating material on said base. 26. The adapter of claim 25, wherein each said electrode is tapered to provide an active surface which extends longitudinally along a spray axis and tapers outwardly from the axis. 27. The adapter of claim 25, said adapter further including ground shield means mounted on said support heads. 28. Apparatus for electrostatically charging sprayed liquid particles through inductive charging of the particles and/or ion formation by corona discharge, comprising: a spray gun having a liquid spray nozzle for atomizing a liquid and directing atomized liquid particles along a spray axis; a needle in the path of said particles; an electrode assembly including electrode means; means for connecting a high voltage power supply of a first polarity to said electrode means; means mounting said electrode assembly on said spray gun to position said electrode means around said spray axis to produce an electrostatic charging zone coaxial with said spray axis through which said atomized particles pass, said electrode means being located forwardly of said liquid spray nozzle and sufficiently close to said spray axis to cause a voltage applied to said electrode means to produce in said charging zone a radial electrostatic field gradient sufficient to induce charges on electrically conductive liquid particles and to produce a corona discharge to said needle to cause ions to accumulate on electrically nonconductive liquid particles so as to charge said particles to the opposite electrical polarity as the voltage applied to said electrode means, said electrode means being spaced sufficiently far from said nozzle to suppress flashover. 29. The apparatus of claim 28, wherein said spray gun includes a front face which lies in a plane normal to said spray axis, and wherein said electrode means is located closely adjacent, but does not intersect said plane, and wherein said spray nozzle and said electrode means lie on opposite sides of said plane. 30. The apparatus of claim 29, further including dielectric means interposed between said electrode means and said front face. 31. The apparatus of claim 29, wherein said electrode means is radially spaced from said spray axis by a distance of about 1/2 inch. 32. The apparatus of claim 29, further including a high voltage power supply mounted on said spray gun, and electrically conductive current limiting means connecting said high voltage power supply to said electrode means. 33. The apparatus of claim 32, wherein said high voltage is in the range of about 3 kV to about 20 kV. 34. The apparatus of claim 32, wherein said high voltage is sufficient to produce a voltage gradient of between about 6 and 30 kV per inch between said electrode means and said spray axis, and wherein said current limiting means reduce flashover and reduces free ions in said charging zone. 35. The adapter of claim 28, further including grounded shield means carried by said electrode assembly mounted means for preventing contact between said electrode means and a workpiece being sprayed and for producing electric fields which deflect said charged particles. 36. The apparatus of claim 34, wherein said electrode means comprises an annular electrically conductive electrode coaxial with said spray axis. 37. The apparatus of claim 34, wherein said means mounting said electrode assembly includes at least one electrode support head connectable to said spray gun, said support head including said electrically conductive means. 38. The apparatus of claim 34, wherein said means mounting said electrode assembly includes a plurality of electrode support heads each carrying a corresponding electrode, each said support head being mounted on said spray gun and configured to position its corresponding electrode adjacent said spray axis. 39. The apparatus of claim 28, further wherein said corona needle is aligned with said spray axis and cooperates with said electrode assembly to produce said radial electrostatic field gradient. 40. The apparatus of claim 39, wherein said coronoa needle is mounted on said liquid spray nozzle. 41. An adapter for electrostatic charging of particles produced by a spray gun having a fluid nozzle and having an air cap including a front surface for spraying atomized liquid forwardly along a spray axis wherein the liquid to be sprayed is a substantially ground potential, the adapter comprising: an electrode assembly having a plurality of electrodes around and spaced from an axis; means for connecting to said electrodes a high voltage of selected polarity with respect to ground potential, said voltage producing a charging zone between said electrodes and said electrode assembly axis; means for mounting said electrode assembly on a spray gun to locate said electrodes forwardly of the front surface of the air cap of the spray gun and coaxial with the spray axis thereof and to space said electrodes sufficiently close to the spray axis to produce an electrostatic field gradient in said charging zone and between said high voltage and substantially ground potential which is sufficiently high to charge liquid particles passing through said charging zone to a polarity opposite to the polarity of said high voltage. 