A sunscreen for a motor vehicle window includes a sheet of flexible, stretchable, opaque material that has a weave that is adapted to adhere directly to the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener, the sheet of material having a slit therein for accommodating a rear view mirror. A plurality of pieces of fastener are mounted on each corner of the window with an adhesive for adhering the material to the window. The fastener is preferably the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener.
Claims What I claim is: 1. A sunscreen for a nonretractable motor vehicle window, comprising: a sheet of flexible and stretchable, elastic material that is substantially opaque to solar radiation; and a plurality of means mounted on the motor vehicle for adhering the sheet of material to the window, said adhering means being spaced from each other so that there are gaps between each of said adhering means to facilitate mounting the stretchable, elastic material; said sheet of material being constructed such that any portion of the sheet will adhere to the adhering means upon contact therewith; wherein said sheet of material may be repeatedly adhered to the plurality of adhering means and removed therefrom without damage to either the material or the adhering means. 2. The sunscreen according to claim 1, wherein the material is of a size that is at least as large as approximately 83% of the portion of the window that is to be protected by the sunscreen. 3. The sunscreen according to claim 1, wherein the material is able to stretch at least 20%. 4. The sunscreen according to claim 1, wherein the material is 80% nylon and 20% lycra. 5. The sunscreen according to claim 1, wherein a small portion of adhering means is mounted in each corner of the window. 6. The sunscreen according to claim 1, wherein the material includes means for accommodating a rear view mirror. 7. The sunscreen according to claim 1, wherein the adhering means is the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener. 8. The sunscreen according to claim 7, wherein the adhering means is mounted on the window with an adhesive. 9. The sunscreen according to claim 7, wherein the material has a weave that adheres directly to the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener upon contact therewith. 10. The sunscreen according to claim 1, wherein the sheet of material has an overlock stitch around the periphery thereof. 11. The sunscreen according to claim 1, wherein the material adheres to the adhering means by pressing the material onto the adhering means. 12. The sunscreen according to claim 1, wherein the sheet of material has printing thereon. 13. A sunscreen for a nonretractable motor vehicle window, comprising: a sheet of flexible and stretchable, elastic material that is substantially opaque to solar radiation and has a weave that adheres directly to the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener upon contact therewith; a plurality of means mounted on the motor vehicle for adhering the sheet of material to the window, said adhering means being the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener, said adhering means being spaced from each other so that there are gaps between each of said adhering means. 14. The sunscreen according to claim 13, wherein the material is able to stretch at least 20%. 15. The sunscreen according to claim 13, wherein the sheet of material is of a size that is at least as large as approximately 83% of the portion of the window that is to be protected by the sunscreen. 16. The sunscreen according to claim 13, wherein the material is 80% nylon and 20% lycra. 17. The sunscreen according to claim 13, wherein a small portion of adhering means is mounted in each corner of the window. 18. The sunscreen according to claim 13, wherein the material includes means for accommodating a rear view mirror. 19. The sunscreen according to claim 6, wherein the means for accommodating a rear view mirror comprises a slit formed in the piece of material. 20. The sunscreen according to claim 7, wherein the adhering means is mounted on the window with an adhesive. 21. The sunscreen according to claim 13, wherein the sheet of material has an overlock stitch around the periphery thereof. 22. The sunscreen according to claim 13, wherein the material adheres directly to the adhering means by pressing the material onto the adhering means. 23. The sunscreen according to claim 13, wherein the material has printing thereon. 24. A sunscreen for a nonretractable motor vehicle window, comprising: a sheet of flexible, stretchable, opaque, elastic material that has a weave that adheres directly to the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener upon contact therewith; said sheet of material having a slit therein for accommodating a rear view mirror; and means mounted on each corner of the window with an adhesive for adhering the sheet of material to the window, said adhering means being the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener, said adhering means being spaced from each other so that there are gaps between each of said adhering means to facilitate mounting the stretchable, elastic material. 25. The sunscreen according to claim 24, wherein the material is 80% nylon and 20% lycra. 26. The sunscreen according to claim 24, wherein the sheet of material is of a size that is at least as large as approximately 83% of the portion of the window that is to be protected by the sunscreen. 27. A visor for a motor vehicle window, comprising: a sheet of flexible, elastic material of a width that is substantially equal to the width of the window and a height that is less than the height of the window; means mounted at the top of the window for adhering the sheet of material to the top of the window, said adhering means being the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener; wherein the material has a weave that adheres directly to the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener upon contact therewith. 28. The visor according to claim 27, wherein the adhering means is mounted on the window with an adhesive. 29. The visor according to claim 27, wherein the material is opaque. 30. The visor according to claim 27, wherein the material is sheer. 31. A method of shielding a nonretractable motor vehicle window, comprising the steps of: providing a plurality of fasteners and a sheet of flexible and stretchable, elastic material, said sheet of material being substantially opaque to solar radiation and constructed such that any portion of the sheet will adhere to the fasteners upon contact therewith; mounting the fasteners to the window that is to be shielded such that there is a gap between each fastener; and fastening the sheet of flexible and stretchable, elastic material at any portion thereof to the plurality of fasteners in order to cover the window with the sheet of material. 32. The method according to claim 31, wherein the mounting step includes mounting to the window with an adhesive the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener. 33. The method according to claim 31, wherein the mounting step includes mounting a fastener to each corner of the portion of the window that is to be shielded. 34. The method according to claim 31, wherein the material has a weave that adheres to the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener upon contact therewith and the fastening step includes pressing the material against the fasteners. 35. The method according to claim 31, further comprising the step of stretching the sheet of material to the shape of the portion of the window that is to be protected prior to fastening the material to the fasteners. 36. A method of shielding a nonretractable motor vehicle window, comprising the steps of: mounting a plurality of pieces of the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener to the window that is to be shielded such that there is a gap between each piece; and pressing against the plurality of pieces a sheet of flexible, elastic material that is substantially opaque to solar radiation and that has a weave that adheres directly to the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener upon contact therewith. 37. The method according to claim 36, wherein the mounting step includes mounting a piece of fastener to each corner of the portion of the window that is to be shielded. 38. The method according to claim 36, further comprising the step of stretching the sheet of material to the shape of the portion of the window that is to be protected prior to fastening the material to the fasteners. 39. A sunscreen for a nonretractable motor vehicle window, comprising: a sheet of flexible, elastic material that is substantially opaque to solar radiation and that is able to stretch approximately 20% and that has a weave that adheres directly to the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener; and a plurality of means mounted on the motor vehicle for adhering the sheet of material to the window, said adhering means being the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener and being spaced from each other so that there are gaps between each of said adhering means to facilitate mounting the stretchable, elastic material; said sheet of material being constructed such that any portion of the sheet will adhere to the adhering means upon contact therewith; wherein said sheet of material may be repeatedly adhered to the plurality of adhering means and removed therefrom without damage to either the material or the adhering means. 