An illuminated display to be received on a perforate board to receive packages. There is a support of an electrically conducting material to be received in perforations in the board. The support can be connected to a source of electricity and an illuminator is attached to the support in electrical contact with the source of electricity. A package is carried by the support. Wares are attached to the package. An illuminated display having a base to be received on a pair of electrically conducting members is also disclosed. A pair of contacts, one to make electrical contact with each electrically conducting member are provided and a circuit is formed on the base. An illuminator on the base is in electrical contact with the circuit. Completion of the circuit by the pair of contacts lights the illuminator. A display having a support card to be received on a pair of electrical conductors is disclosed. Separate contacts on the card to make contact one with each conductor. A circuit on the card joins the separate contacts. An illuminator is in the circuit so that the separate contacts on the card can contact the conductors to complete the circuit to light the illuminator.
Claims We claim: 1. An illumination display for mounting to a support surface comprising, in combination: a base for supporting wares to be sold, the base being removably received on a pair of electrically conducting members; said support surface comprising a perforate board and said electrically conducting members comprise a pair of prongs adapted to be received on said perforate board to extend outwardly, downwardly from said board and shaped at one end to be located in the perforations in said board; a pair of contacts on the base, one to make electrical contact with each electrically conducting member; a circuit formed on the base; illumination means on the base in electrical contact with the circuit, whereby completion of the circuit by the pair of contacts lights the illumination means. 2. A display as claimed in claim 1 including a non-conducting member attached to the prongs to abut the board, the electrically conducting members extending through the non-conducting member to be connected with the prongs as a means of connecting the prongs with a source of electricity. 3. A display as claimed in claim 1 in which the electrically conducting members have electrical contact areas located adjacent both ends. 4. A display as claimed in claim 1 in which the illumination means can flash. 5. A display as claimed in claim 4 in which the illumination means is a light emitting diode (LED). 6. A display as claimed in claim 1 including a power source. 7. A display as claimed in claim 6 in which the power source is a battery pack. 8. A display as claimed in claim 6 in which the power source is a photovoltaic cell. 9. A display as claimed in claim 6 in which the power source is intermittent to allow flashing of the illumination means. 10. A display as claimed in claim 1 in which the base is translucent. 11. A display as claimed in claim 1 in which the base is a transparent sheet to be mounted on a card carrying wares. 12. A display as claimed in claim 1 in which the circuit is a printed circuit. 13. A display as claimed in claim 1 in which the illumination mean is an LED. 