An improved mounting case for use with a shade unit mounted on a solid surface such as an automotive vehicle or a window of a house or the like. The case is designed to allow the shade unit to be mounted on both curved solid surfaces and on straight non-curved solid surfaces. The case has features which permit it to be pivoted in relation to the retractable shade unit to compensate for the curve in the solid surface. The case may also have features which permit it to be released from the solid surface so that the shade unit may be used elsewhere as desired.
Claims Having described my invention, I claim: 1. In a shade unit having at least one container and having a shade section attached to the container, the unit being designed for positioning on and attached to one side of a solid surface, the unit being designed to be attachable to both a varying curved solid surface and also to a straight non-curved solid surface, the improvement comprising: (a) The unit having at least one container with mounting means for mounting the container on the solid surface, the container being formed with a curved surface and a portion of the shade section being formed with a mating curved surface on one end thereof for positioning adjacent to the juxtaposed curved surface on the container, the mating of the juxtaposed curved surfaces on the container and on the shade providing a bias to the movement of the container to hold the container in place when attached on the solid surface; (b) means, associated with the container, for pivotally attaching the shade unit on the solid surface, the pivotally attached shade unit permitting at least one of the mounting means and at least one of the containers to rotate to the curvature of the solid surface as required when installed in order to obtain increased mounting surface contact of the mounting means on the solid surface thereby providing an improved mounting of the shade unit on the solid surface; and (c) the longitudinal plane of the container is pivoted relative to the longitudinal plane of the shade section. 2. The improvement as defined in claim 1 wherein the mating curved surface on the shade section is formed by a curved shade stiffener positioned within a portion of the shade section. 3. The improvement as defined in claim 2 wherein the juxtaposed curved surface formed in the container is formed in a convex shape on the outside of the container. 4. In a shade unit with a shade section for positioning on and attaching to one side of a solid surface which may have a varying curved surface, the improvement comprising; (a) at least one container with mounting means for mounting the container on the solid surface; and (b) pivoted mounting means, formed on one side of the container, for pivotally mating a portion of the shade unit with the container, the pivoted mounting means being formed in part by a curved configuration on the container and in part by a curved configuration on the shade section, the two curved configurations permitting the container to rotate to the curvature of the solid surface as required when installed in order obtain increased mounting surface contact of the mounting means on the solid surface. 5. The improvement as defined in claim 4 wherein the shade unit has two spaced apart containers with mounting means, with at least one of the two spaced apart containers having curved pivoted mating means formed on one side of the container. 6. An improved retractable shade unit having an elongated pleated shade section for positioning on one side of a solid surface and designed to prevent solar heat transfer through the solid surface, the shade unit being designed to attach both to a surface which is curved and a straight non-curved solid surface, comprising: (a) at least one container having mounting means for mounting the container on the curved type solid surface and on the straight non-curved type solid surface; (b) curved pivot means, formed on one side of the container and on a portion of the shade section, for pivotally attaching the shade section and container to either type of solid surface, the curved pivot means permitting the mounting means to be self-aligned in a different plane than the plane of the pleated shade section in order to obtain increased mounting surface contact of the mounting means on the solid surface; (c) means, associated with the container, for retracting the elongated pleated shade section to a position adjacent to the container when the pleated shade is not in use; and (d) means, associated with the elongated pleated shade section, for holding the plated shade section across the solid surface and for fastening the pleated shade section to an adjacent surface. 7. The shade unit as defined in claim 6 further comprising release means having a mounting surface, the release means being associated with the mounting means, for releasing the container from the release means after the mounting surface of the release means has been attached to the solid surface. 