A vehicle vent (12) for exhausting air from a vehicle occupant compartment includes a float valve (32) that prevents water that enters an outlet (24) of the vent from passing into the vehicle through the vent inlet (20) but which has a drain passage (36) for permitting a limited flow of the water to a drain (38) on the vent inlet side of the float valve (32). The vent (12) preferably includes a fan (40) that is most preferably energized by a solar panel (48). Mounting of the vent (12) can be provided on the vehicle roof, on the roof just forward of a vehicle back window, or as part of a sunroof.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A vehicle vent for exhausting air from a vehicle occupant compartment to the environment, the vent comprising: a housing having an inlet through which air enters the vent from the vehicle occupant compartment and also having an outlet through which the air exits from the vent to the environment; the housing having a divider that defines an upper opening through which the air flows from the inlet to the outlet; a float valve movable between open and closed positions with respect to the upper opening of the divider; the housing defining a collection chamber located toward the outlet from the divider such that water entering the vent from the environment accumulates in the collection chamber to close the float valve; the housing having at least one lower drain passage that extends from the collection chamber through the divider to a location toward the inlet from the divider such that water can flow therethrough at a limited rate even when the float valve is closed; and the housing having a drain located on the side of the divider toward the inlet so as to receive water from the drain passage for draining from the vent to the ground. 2. A vehicle vent as in claim 1 further including a fan for drawing air from the vehicle occupant compartment through the vent for exhaustion to the environment. 3. A vehicle vent as in claim 2 further including a solar panel for energizing the fan. 4. A vehicle vent as in any one of claims 1 through 3 wherein the float valve includes a buoyant valve body and a lower pivotal connection that pivotally mounts the buoyant valve body on the housing for movement between the open and closed positions with respect to the divider opening through which the air flows. 5. A vehicle vent as in claim 4 wherein the buoyant valve body has an enlarged buoyant portion adjacent the pivotal connection and also has a smaller distal end. 6. A vehicle vent as in claim 5 wherein the buoyant valve body has a flat side that seals with the divider and a curved side that cooperates with the flat side to define the enlarged buoyant portion and the smaller distal end. 7. A vehicle vent as in claim 4 wherein the float valve also includes a counterbalance located on the opposite side of the pivotal connection from the buoyant valve body. 8. A vehicle vent as in claim 4 wherein the float valve also includes a thermally responsive spring that maintains the float valve body in the closed position at lower temperatures. 9. A vehicle vent as in claim 1, 2 or 3 wherein the housing includes a peripheral flange for mounting the vent on a vehicle roof. 10. A vehicle vent as in claim 1, 2 or 3 wherein the housing is mounted on a vehicle roof, and the vent further including a solar panel. 11. A vehicle vent as in claim 10 wherein the solar panel is located just forwardly of a vehicle back window. 12. A vehicle vent as in claim 10 wherein the solar panel is a component of a vehicle sunroof. 13. A vehicle vent for exhausting air from a vehicle occupant compartment to the environment, the vent comprising: a housing having an inlet through which air enters the vent from the vehicle occupant compartment and also having an outlet through which the air exits from the vent to the environment; the housing having a divider that defines an upper opening through which the air flows from the inlet to the outlet; a float valve including a buoyant valve body and a lower pivotal connection that pivotal mounts the buoyant valve body on the housing for movement between open and closed positions with respect to the upper opening of the divider; the housing defining a collection chamber located toward the outlet from the divider such that water entering the vent from the environment accumulates in the collection chamber to close the float valve; the housing having at least one lower drain passage that extends from the collection chamber through the divider to a location toward the inlet from the divider such that water can flow therethrough at a limited rate even when the float valve is closed; the housing having a drain located on the side of the divider toward the inlet so as to receive water from the drain passage for draining from the vent to the ground; and a fan for drawing air from the vehicle occupant compartment through the vent for exhaustion to the environment. 14. A vehicle vent for exhausting air from a vehicle occupant compartment to the environment, the vent comprising: a housing having an inlet through which air enters the vent from the vehicle occupant compartment and also having an outlet through which the air exits from the vent to the environment; the housing having a divider that defines an upper opening through which the air flows from the inlet to the outlet; a float valve including a buoyant valve body and lower pivotal connection that pivotal mounts the buoyant valve body on the housing for movement between open and closed positions with respect to the upper opening of the divider; the housing defining a collection chamber located toward the outlet from the divider such that water entering the vent from the environment accumulates in the collection chamber to close the float valve; the housing having at least one lower drain passage that extends from the collection chamber through the divider to a location toward the inlet from the divider such that water can flow therethrough at a limited rate even when the float valve is closed; the housing having a drain located on the side of the divider toward the inlet so as to receive water from the drain passage for draining from the vent to the ground; a fan for drawing air from the vehicle occupant compartment through the vent for exhaustion to the environment; and a solar panel for energizing the fan. 