Water from a fish growth tank is pumped through multiple filter tanks containing a filter media and injected with ammonia fixing bacteria. Metabolic wastes from the fish growth tank are absorbed by hydroponic or sand growth beds. Oxygen content and temperature of the water is constantly monitored by sensors and air blowers and heaters are activated when oxygen level or temperature respectively falls below the prescribed conditins for growth of the fish. All backwash water from a sludge digestion area is recirculated to the fish growth tank to conserve water in the system.
Claims Having thus described the invention, what is claimed and desired to be secured by Letters Patent is: 1. A method of raising fish in a self contained system comprising pumping water from a fish growth tank through multiple filter tanks containing a filter media and bacteria and recirculating the water within the system, continuously monitoring the oxygen content of the water with a sensor and adding oxygen to the system when the oxygen level falls below about four parts per million, continuously monitoring the temperature of the water and adding heat to the water when the water temperature falls below the normal temperature for maintaining the fish stock, pressurizing each filter tank with air from a blower, the blower being adapted to provide sufficient air to back wash the filter tank when solids inhibit a normal filtering step, flowing the effluent from each backwash cycle to a rock sludge digestion area and recovering the water used in the backwash system for direct introduction into the fish growth tank so that water is maintained at a constant level in the tank without the need for an outside source of water except to replace water lost by evaporation. 2. The method of raising fish according to claim 1 wherein the water from the fish growth tank is pumped through at least four filter tanks containing various filter media, one tank containing activated charcoal and one tank containing lava rock, the filter tanks additionally containing bacteria from the group consisting of Nitrosomonas, Nitrobacter, Thiobacillus denitrifican and Azotobacter. 3. The method of raising fish according to claim 2 wherein a first filter tank contains a mixture of solid gravel and hollow ceramic core gravel and a second tank in series contains activated charcoal. 4. The method of raising fish according to claim 3 wherein a third filter tank in series contains hollow ceramic core chips, a fourth filter tank contains plastic bio-media and a fifth tank contains deflector plastic bio-media. 5. The method of raising fish according to claim 4 wherein water effluent from the fifth tank flows across lava rock prior to entering the fish growth tank. 6. The method of raising fish according to claim 1 wherein the water contains up to 33,000 ppm salt and at least one filter tank contains oyster shell particles. 7. The method of raising fish according to claim 1 wherein oxygen is continuously bubbled into the fish growth tank located below hydroponic plants growing along an edge of the tank and effluent from a sump below the fish growth tank is routed to the first filter tank. 8. The method of raising fish according to claim 1 wherein the water is heated in a solar heating area whenever the temperature in the fish growth tank falls below a minimum set temperature. 9. The method of raising fish according to claim 1 wherein a woven canopy is mounted spaced apart over the fish growth tank. 10. The method of raising fish according to claim 1 wherein excess oxygen is pumped into the fish growth tank automatically in response to an oxygen sensor mounted in the fish growth tank, when the oxygen sensor detects a decrease in oxygen below a pre-set amount. 