Apparatus and system for purging hot air from the cabin of vehicles when parked under hot sun conditions. The system employs a solar panel of relatively smaller size suited for incorporation with a sun roof or rear window of the vehicle. A power transfer regulator is utilized which is responsive to the peak voltage chacteristic of the solar panel to cause the panel to substantially continuously to perform at its peak power output capability. As such, an equivalent power at lower voltage and enhanced current levels is submitted to the electric drive motor of an air purging fan within the vehicle. Switching controls are provided which monitor the state of the vehicle's internal combustion engine through its ignition switch and which provide turn-on of the purging system at such time as vehicle cabin temperatures reach predetermined levels. When the air circulation system is disabled, the solar panel is employed for charging the battery of the vehicle.
Claims We claim: 1. In a motor vehicle having an enclosable cabin, an internal combustion engine, a battery, an ignition switch having an on position for enabling said internal combustion engine and an off position, an electric motor coupled in driving relationship with an air circulating fan for circulating air through said cabin, the improvement wherein an air circulating drive apparatus is coupled with said electric motor, the air circulating drive apparatus, comprising: a solar panel mounted upon said vehicle having a panel output exhibiting variable voltage levels including a peak voltage level and substantially constant current; a power transfer regulator for transferring power from said panel to said motor when enabled, including: energy storage means connectable across said panel output and chargeable by said current to variable charge levels, solid-state switch means connected in energy transfer relationship with said energy storage means and actuable between conducting and non-conducting states when said power transfer regulator is enabled, inductor means connected with said solid-state switch means and connectable with said electric motor for conveying current thereto from said panel and said energy storage means when said solid-state switch means is in said conducting state, unidirectional conducting means connectable with said electric motor for conveying current thereto from said inductor means when said solid-state switch means is in said non-conducting state, and solid-state switch control network means having a first reference network responsive to said panel output voltage level for providing a first reference output, a second reference network having a second reference output substantially corresponding with said solar panel peak voltage level, and level responsive means responsive to said first and second reference outputs for actuating said solid-state switch means to provide effective power transfer to said electric motor; and control switching means for selectively enabling said power transfer regulator. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 in which said control switching means includes a thermostat responsive to the level of temperature within said vehicle cabin for enabling said power transfer regulator when said temperature level is above a predetermined value. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 in which said control switching means thermostat is coupled between said power transfer regulator and said electric motor. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 in which said control switching means includes: monitoring means for enabling said power transfer regulator when said ignition switch is in said off position; and electric motor activating switch means intermediate said electric motor and said power transfer regulator having an open circuit position and a closed circuit position for providing power to said electric motor from said power transfer regulator in said closed circuit position. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 in which said control switching means includes a second unidirectional conducting means coupled between said electric motor actuating switch means and said power transfer regulator and in current charging relationship with said battery for providing charging current thereto when said ignition switch is in said off position and said electric motor activating switch means is in said open circuit position. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 in which said electric motor activating switch means is a thermostat responsive to temperature within said vehicle cabin reaching a predetermined level for deriving said closed circuit position and responsive to temperatures below said predetermined level to provide said open circuit position. 7. The apparatus of claim 4 in which: said solid-state switch includes a gate input and is actuable by said level responsive means in response to a gate signal derived thereby; and said control switching means includes gate logic means responsive to said monitoring means and to said level responsive means for selectively conveying said gate signal to said solid-state switch. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 in which said monitoring means includes an opto-isolator responsive to the passage of current through said ignition switch when in said on position for blocking said selective conveyance of said gate signal by said gate logic means. 9. The apparatus of claim 5 in which: said solid-state switch includes a gate input and is actuable by said level responsive means in response to a gate signal derived thereby; and said control switching means includes gate logic means responsive to said monitoring means and to said level responsive means for selectively conveying said gate signal to said solid-state switch. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 in which said monitoring means includes an opto-isolator responsive to the passage of current through said ignition switch when in said on position for blocking said selective conveyance of said gate signal by said gate logic means. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 in which said electric motor activating switch means is a thermostat responsive to temperature within said vehicle cabin reaching a predetermined level for deriving said closed circuit position and responsive to temperatures below said predetermined level to provide said open circuit position. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 in which said solar panel is configured as a sunroof mounted upon said vehicle cabin. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 in which said solar panel is configured for generating about 20 watts of power. 14. A system for removing hot air from the cabin of a parked vehicle of a variety having an internal combustion engine and an ignition switch coupled with a battery of a given voltage rating, said switch having an off position de-activating said engine and an on position activating said engine, comprising: a fan drivable to move said hot air from said vehicle cabin; an electric motor energizable to drive said fan; a solar panel mounted upon said vehicle, having a panel output exhibiting, as an output characteristic, variable voltage levels including a peak voltage level above said given battery voltage and substantially constant current value; a power transfer regulator having an input coupled with said panel output and an output coupled with said electric motor, said regulator being responsive to said panel voltage levels for maintaining said panel voltage substantially at said peak voltage to develop peak effective power therefrom and providing, when enabled, substantially equivalent power at said output at voltage values lower than said peak value and current values higher than said constant value of said solar panel; and control switching means for enabling said power transfer regulator when said ignition switch is in said off position. 15. The system of claim 14 in which said solar panel is configured as a sunroof mounted upon said vehicle cabin. 16. The system of claim 14 in which said solar panel is configured for generating about 20 watts of power. 17. The system of claim 14 in which said control switching means includes: monitoring means for enabling said power transfer regulator when said ignition switch is in said off position; and electric motor activating switch means intermediate said electric motor and said power transfer regulator having an open circuit position and a closed circuit position for providing power to said electric motor from said power transfer regulator in said closed circuit position. 18. The apparatus of claim 17 in which said control switching means includes unidirectional conducting means coupled between said electric motor actuating switch means and said power transfer regulator and in current charging relationship with said battery providing charging current thereto when said ignition switch is in said off position and said electric motor activating switch means is in said open circuit position. 19. The apparatus of claim 18 in which said electric motor actuating switch means is a thermostat responsive to temperature within said vehicle cabin reaching a predetermined level for deriving said closed circuit position and responsive to temperatures below said predetermined level to provide said open circuit position. 