Disclosed is a leveling tool that has three leveling indicators mounted thereon, one of which is removable and usable as a separate tool when bending electrical conduit. A calculator is integrated into the leveling tool for performing calculations during leveling or during the bending of conduit. A phosphorescent liquid is used in the bubble level indicators for low light use.
Claims What is claimed: 1. The combination of a leveling tool and a conduit bending plane indicator, wherein the conduit bending tool is an integral part of the leveling tool, and useful as a leveling indictor when mounted on, and attached to the leveling tool, comprising: an injection molded leveling tool main housing having a uniform width along its length, a groove having a radius extending along an edge of the main housing to securely seat the main housing when used as a leveling took, and having a central region and two end regions, one each on each side of said central region, one of said two end regions having a tool mount opening with slots at opposite ends of the opening; a first removable leveling device mounted in the central region of said main housing; a second leveling device mounted in a first of said end regions; and a conduit bending plane indicator removably mounted in the tool mounting opening of said main housing and residing in said slots in said tool mounting opening, said conduit bending plane indicator having a vertically mounted bubble indicator, two spaced apart clamping arms, and a thumb screw mounted in one of said arms and extending to the other arm to clamp conduit between the two arms, said conduit bending plane indicator having a width the same as the main housing uniform width; first and second pairs of studs located at said first and second ends regions of said main housing, each stud, in a pair of studs, located on opposites sides of the housing; a pair of straps, on e strap attached to each pair of studs to secure the leveling tool to a construction element placed adjacent the groove extending along said main housing; and a calculator in combination with said leveling tool and formed as an integral part of said main housing; wherein said conduit bending plane indicator is functional as a level indictor in combination with said first leveling device, and functional independent of said first leveling device as a conduit plane indicator, and attachable to the element being measured by the leveling tool. 2. The leveling tool according to claim 1, wherein said second leveling device is removable from the end region in which it is mounted. 3. The leveling tool according to claim 1, wherein the second leveling device is a pendulum type leveling device. 4. The leveling tool according to claim 1, wherein said conduit bending plane indicator is a bubble type leveling device. 5. The leveling tool according to claim 1, wherein the calculator is a solar powered calculator. 6. The leveling tool according to claim 1, wherein the leveling devices include a leveling bubble and have a phosphorescent liquid forming the bubble. 7. The level took according to claim 1, wherein said second bubble level device is rotatable, includes a marker pointer, and has scale around the leveling device to which the pointer marker points indicating the amount of incline measure by the leveling device. 8. The leveling device according to claim 1, wherein each of said first and second pairs of studs extend out two sides of the main housing, and one end of each of the pairs of straps is attached to one stud, and the other end of each strap has a loop thereon to loop over and attached to another end of a respective stud. 9. The leveling device according to claim 1, wherein said strap s are of an elastic material. 10. The leveling device according to claim 1, where said straps have loops on each end of the strap. 11. A combination measuring tool for measuring angles and calculating lengths and angles during bending and installation of electrical conduit utilizing bubble levels and a conduit bending plane indicator, each element of the combination measuring tool being an integral part of a single tool, comprising: an injection molded leveling tool main housing having a uniform width along its length, a groove having a radius extending along an edge of the main housing to securely seat the main housing when used as a leveling tool, and having a central region and two end regions, one each on each side of said central region, one of said two end regions having a tool mount opening with slots at opposite ends of the opening; a first leveling device mounted in the central region of said main housing; a second leveling device mounted in a first of said end regions for measuring angles and giving indications of angular measurements; a conduit bending plane indicator removably mounted in the tool mounting opening of said main housing and residing in said slots in said tool mounting opening, said conduit bending plane indicator having a vertically mounted bubble indicator, two spaced apart clamping arms, and a thumb screw mounted in one of said arms and extending to the other arm to clamp conduit between the two arms, said conduit bending plane indicator having a width the same as the main housing uniform width; a calculating device formed in, and as an integral part of said main housing to calculate angles and lengths based on said indications of angular measurements; first and second pairs of studs located at said first and second ends of said main housing; and a pair of straps, one strap attached to each pair of studs to secure the leveling tool to a construction element; wherein said conduit bending plane indicator is functional as a level indicator in combination with said main housing leveling tool, and functional independent of said main housing leveling tool as a conduit plane indicator, and attachable to the element being measured by the leveling tool. 12. The leveling device according to claim 11, wherein each of said first and second pairs of studs extend out two sides of the main housing, and one end of each of the pairs of straps is attached to one stud, and the other end of each strap has a loop thereon to loop over and attached to another end of a respective stud. 13. The leveling device according to claim 11, wherein said straps are of an elastic material. 14. The leveling device according to claim 11, where said straps have loops on each end of the strap. 15. The leveling tool according to claim 11, wherein the second leveling device is a pendulum leveling device mounted in a rotatable ring having a pointer marker. 16. The leveling tool according to claim 11, wherein said second leveling device is a bubble type leveling device mounted in a rotatable ring. 17. The leveling tool according to claim 11, wherein the leveling devices include a leveling bubble and have a phosphorescent liquid forming the bubble. 18. The leveling device according to claim 11, wherein said second leveling device is rotatable, includes a marker pointer, and has scale around the leveling device to which the pointer marker points indicating the amount of incline measure by the leveling device. 