Provided is an ultraviolet radiation device useful to measure intensity of the ultraviolet radiation in a selected environment which has an optical-electrical converter having an optical means for expanding an ultraviolet radiation input angle of the converter, a temperature sensor and an electrical signal conditioner having means to generate an ultraviolet intensity signal which is independent of ambient temperature. A preferred device is for personal use and permits allocation of measured daily doses of solar ultraviolet radiation over multiple days to provide a predetermined total cumulative amount of ultraviolet radiation and a desired tanning of skin during sunbathing. The preferred device issues a signal when the daily allocated dose is reached. The invention also provides by using the device of the invention a process to determine prevailing ultraviolet radiation levels and cumulative amounts and a controlled process for tanning.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar ultraviolet radiation monitoring device for measuring ultraviolet radiation incident on an area in an environment, said device comprising: an optical-electrical signal converter for generating an electrical current signal proportional to the intensity of ultraviolet radiation incident on said area in said environment; said converter including optical means for expanding an ultraviolet radiation input core angle of said converter; a temperature sensor for generating a voltage signal proportional to ambient temperature in said environment; an electronic signal conditioner for receiving an electrical current signal from said signal converter and a temperature signal from said temperature sensor and generating a voltage signal from said temperature sensor and generating a voltage signal proportional to the intensity of ultraviolet radiation incident on said area, said signal conditioner including means responsive to a temperature signal from said temperature sensor for processing a received current signal from said signal converter in order to generate an ultraviolet intensity signal which is independent of ambient temperature in said environment; a processor for processing a voltage signal from said signal conditioner to provide display signals indicative of measured radiation; and a display device for displaying information about measured ultraviolet radiation incident on said area in response to display signals from said processor. 2. A device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising data input means for providing user entered input data to said processor. 3. A device as claimed in claim 2, wherein said user entered input data causes said processor to generate display signals indicative of ultraviolet radiation levels in said area, a cumulative amount of ultraviolet radiation incident on said area, and a suggested radiation dose, said display device displaying said levels, and said cumulative amount and said suggested dose in response to said display signals from said processor. 4. A device as defined in claim 3, comprising a housing, and a power supply for said device located in said housing. 5. A device as claimed in claim 4 wherein said device has a compartment comprising means for housing one or more packages of sun lotion. 6. A device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said optical-electrical signal converter includes a UV filter located between said input core angle expanding optical means, and a photodetector, said optical input core angle expanding means comprising a lens. 7. A device as claimed in claim 6 wherein said UV filter is formed using a dielectric material which provides desired filtering. 8. A device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said means responsive to a temperature signal comprises a subtracting circuit. 9. A device as claimed in claim 8, wherein said signal conditioner further comprises preamplifying means connected to receive output signals from said optical-electrical signal converter and said temperature sensor and to provide input signals to said subtracting circuit, switch means, filtering means connectable to said subtracting circuit by said switch means, and control means connected to said filtering means. 10. A device as claimed in claim 8, wherein said processor comprises a microprocessor. 11. A method for measuring ultraviolet radiation incident on an area with an optical-electrical conversion element, said method comprising the steps of: exposing said element to ultraviolet radiation to cause said element to generate an electrical signal proportional to the intensity of ultraviolet radiation incident on said area; measuring ambient temperature in said environment; adjusting said signal proportional to ultraviolet radiation intensity according to the measured temperature to provide a temperature-independent signal proportional to ultraviolet radiation intensity; and calculating measured ultraviolet radiation levels and cumulative amounts of ultraviolet radiation incident on said area based upon said temperature-independent signal proportional to ultraviolet radiation intensity. 12. A method of providing controlled tanning of the skin by use of a device comprising an optical-electrical signal converter for generating an electrical current signal proportional to the intensity of ultraviolet radiation incident on an area in an environment; said converter including optical means for expanding an ultraviolet radiation input core angle of said converter; a temperature sensor for generating a voltage signal proportional to ambient temperature in said environment; an electronic signal conditioner for receiving an electrical current signal from said signal converter and a temperature signal from said temperature sensor and generating a voltage signal from said temperature sensor and generating a voltage signal proportional to the intensity of ultraviolet radiation incident on said area, said signal conditioner including means responsive to a temperature signal from said temperature sensor for processing a received current signal from said signal converter in order to generate an ultraviolet intensity signal which is independent of ambient temperature in said environment; a processor for processing a voltage signal from said signal conditioner to provide display signals indicative of measured radiation; and a display device for displaying information about measured ultraviolet radiation incident on said area in response to display signals from said processor. 13. A method as claimed in claim 12 further comprising using data input means for providing user entered input data to said processor. 14. A method as claimed in claim 12 further comprising using said user input data to cause said processor to generate display signals indicative to ultraviolet radiation levels in said area, a cumulative amount of ultraviolet radiation incident on said area, and a suggested radiation dose, said display device displaying said levels, and said cumulative amount and said suggested dose in response to said display signals from said processor. 