Provided is a support assembly for mounting an array of photovoltaic panels to a support surface such as the ground. According to the invention, there is provided a plurality of front and rear support posts, each post having an anchor portion to be driven into the support surface and a leg portion which is nested therein and longitudinally adjustable to raise or lower corresponding front and rear horizontal supports. Photovoltaic panels are mounted lengthwise across the horizontal supports in a predetermined position to minimize the stress thereon caused by wind load. The horizontal supports further comprise wiring raceways to support wiring harnesses originating from the photovoltaic panels and terminating at the end of each row of photovoltaic panels in the array.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A support assembly for mounting an array of photovoltaic panels, said assembly comprising: a plurality of front posts to support one portion of the array of panels, each of said front posts having an outer anchor portion configured to be driven sufficiently into a ground mass to resist removal therefrom during wind loading of about at least twenty-one (21) pounds per square foot on said array of photovoltaic panels, and an inner leg portion telescopically cooperating with said outer anchor portion; a plurality of rear posts, each of said rear posts having an outer anchor portion configured to be driven sufficiently into a ground mass to resist removal therefrom during wind loading of about at least twenty-one (21)pounds per square foot on said array of photovoltaic panels, and an inner leg portion telescopically cooperating with said outer anchor portion; a front horizontal support affixable to each of said front post leg portions; and a rear horizontal support affixable to each of said rear post leg portions, at least one of said front or rear horizontal supports having means for mounting the photovoltaic panels thereto. 2. A support assembly as in claim 1, wherein sid front and rear post anchor portions are tubular. 3. A support assembly as in claim 1, wherein said front and rear posts are substantially vertical. 4. A support assembly as in claim 1, further comprising a plurality of fasteners, wherein said front and rear post anchor portions are provided with an aperture for receiving said fasteners and said front and rear post leg portions are provided with a plurality of apertures axially spaced apart a distance H for receiving said fasteners so that the height of said front and rear posts may be varied. 5. A support assembly as in claim 4, wherein said front and rear posts are arranged in pairs vertically spaced apart from each other a distance W and said distance H and W are selected so that the arc tangent H/W is less than 5.degree.. 6. A support assembly as in claim 1, further comprising a plurality of diagonal braces, each brace having a first end affixed to one of said front posts and a second end affixed to one of said rear posts. 7. A support assembly as in claim 1, further adapted to be connected to electrical wiring wherein at least one of said front or rear horizontal supports further defines a raceway sufficient to receive said electrical wiring. 8. A support assembly as in claim 7, wherein said raceway defined by said at least one of said front or rear horizontal supports is c-shaped. 9. A support assembly as in claim 1, wherein each of said front and rear posts have the characteristic of acting as electrical ground rods. 10. A support assembly as in claim 1, wherein at least one of said front and rear post anchor portions further comprises a plurality of barbs which extend in a direction opposite to the direction in which the anchor portion is driven whereby to resist the removal thereof from said ground mass. 11. A support assembly for mounting an array of photovoltaic panels adapted to be connected to electrical wiring, said assembly comprising: a plurality of front posts, each of said front posts having an outer anchor portion configured to be driven sufficiently into a ground mass to resist removal therefrom during wind loading of about at least twenty-one (21) pounds per square foot on said array of photovoltaic panels, and an inner leg portion telescopically cooperating with said outer anchor portion; a plurality of rear posts, each of said rear posts having an outer anchor portion configured to be driven sufficiently into a ground mass to resist removal therefrom during wind loading of about at twenty-one (21) pounds per square foot on said array of photovoltaic panels and an inner leg portion telescopically cooperating with said outer anchor portion; a front horizontal support affixable to each of said front post leg portions; and a rear horizontal support affixable to each of said rear post leg portions, at least one of said front or rear horizontal supports having means for mounting the photovoltaic panels thereto and further defining a raceway sufficient to receive said electrical wiring. 12. A support assembly as in claim 11, wherein said front and rear post anchor portions are tubular. 13. A support assembly as in claim 11, wherein said front and rear post posts are substantially vertical. 14. A support assembly as in claim 11, further comprising a plurality of fasteners, wherein said front and rear post anchor portions are provided with an aperture for receiving said fasteners and said front and rear post leg portions are provided with a plurality of apertures axially spaced apart a distance H for receiving said fasteners so that the height of said front and rear posts may be varied. 15. A support assembly as in claim 14, wherein said front and rear posts are arranged in pairs vertically spaced apart from each other a distance W and said distances H and W are selected so that the arc tangent H/W is less than 5.degree.. 16. A support assembly as in claim 14, further comprising a plurality of diagonal braces, each brace having a first end affixed to one of said front posts and a second end affixed to one of said rear posts. 17. A support assembly as in claim 11, wherein said raceway defined by said at least one of said front or rear horizontal supports is C-shaped. 18. A support assembly as in claim 11, wherein each of said front and rear posts have the characteristic of acting as electrical ground rods. 19. A support assembly as in claim 11, wherein at least one of said front and rear post anchor portions further comprises a plurality of barbs which extend in a direction opposite to the direction in which the anchor portion is driven whereby to resist the removal thereof from said ground mass. 20. A support assembly for mounting photovoltaic panels, said assembly comprising: at least one front post having an outer anchor portion configured to be driven sufficiently into a ground mass to resist removal therefrom during wind loading of about at least twenty-one (21) pounds per square foot on said photovoltaic panels and an inner leg portion telescopically cooperating with said outer anchor portion; at least one rear post having an outer anchor portion configured to be driven sufficiently into a ground mass to resist removal therefrom during wind loading of about at least twenty-one (21) pounds per square foot on said photovoltaic panels and an inner leg portion telescopically cooperating with said outer anchor portion; at least one horizontal support member affixable to said at least one front post leg portion and said at least one rear post leg portion, said at least one horizontal support member having means for mounting the photovoltaic panels thereto. 21. A support assembly as in claim 20, wherein said at least one front post anchor portion is tubular. 22. A support assembly as in claim 20, wherein said at least one rear post anchor portion is tubular. 23. A support assembly as in claim 20, wherein said at least one front post is substantially vertical. 24. A support assembly as in claim 20, wherein said at least one rear post is substantially vertical. 25. A support assembly as in claim 20, further comprising a plurality of fasteners, wherein said at least one front post anchor portion and said at least one rear post anchor portion are provided with an aperture for receiving said fasteners and said at least one front post leg portion and said at least one rear post leg portion are provided with a plurality of apertures axially spaced apart a distance H for receiving said fasteners so that the height of said at least one front post and the height of said at least one rear post may be varied. 26. A support assembly as in claim 25, wherein said at least one front post and said at least one rear post are arranged in pairs vertically spaced apart from each other a distance W and said distances H and W are selected so that the arc tangent H/W is less than 5.degree.. 27. A support assembly as in claim 20, further comprising at least one diagonal brace having a first end affixed to said at least one post and a second end affixed to said at least one rear post. 28. A support assembly as in claim 20, further adapted to be connected to electrical wiring, wherein said at least one horizontal support member further defines a raceway sufficient to receive said electrical wiring. 29. A support assembly as in claim 28, wherein said raceway defined by said at least one horizontal support member is C-shaped. 30. A support assembly as in claim 20, wherein said at least one front post and said at least one rear post have the characteristic of acting as electrical ground rods. 31. A support assembly as in claim 20, wherein said at least one front post anchor portion further comprises a plurality of barbs which extend in a direction opposite to the direction in which said at least one front post anchor portion is driven, whereby to resist the removal thereof from said ground mass. 32. A support assembly as in claim 20, wherein said at least one rear post anchor portion further comprises a plurality of barbs which extent in a direction opposite to the direction in which said at least one rear post anchor portion is driven whereby to resist the removal thereof from said ground mass. 33. A support assembly as in claim 20 further comprising windbreaking means affixable between said at least one front post and said at least one rear post whereby to shed wind from said support assembly. 34. A support assembly as in claim 20 further comprising windbreaking means affixable between said at least one front post and said at least one rear post whereby to shed wind from said support assembly. 35. A support assembly for mounting photovoltaic panels adapted to be connected to electrical wiring, said assembly comprising: at least one front post having an outer anchor portion configured to be driven sufficiently into a ground mass to resist removal therefrom during wind loading to about at least twenty-one (21) pounds per square foot on said photovoltaic panels and an inner leg portion telescopically cooperating with said outer anchor portion; at least one rear post having an outer anchor portion configured to be driven sufficiently into a ground mass to resist removal therefrom during wind loading of about at least twenty-one (21) pounds per square foot on said photovoltaic panels and an inner leg portion telescopically cooperating with said outer anchor portion; at least one horizontal support member affixable to said at least one front post leg portion and said at least one rear post leg portion, said at least one horizontal support member having means for mounting the photovoltaic panels thereto and further defining a raceway sufficient to receive said electrical wiring. 36. A support assembly as in claim 35, wherein said at least one front post anchor portion is tubular. 37. A support assembly as in claim 35, wherein said at least one rear post anchor portion is tubular. 38. A support assembly as in claim 35, wherein said at least one front post is substantially vertical. 39. A support assembly as in claim 35, wherein said at least one rear post is substantially vertical. 40. A support assembly as in claim 35 further comprising a plurality of fasteners, wherein said at least one front post anchor portion and said at least one rear post anchor portion are provided with an aperture for receiving said fasteners and said at least one front post leg portion and said at least one rear post leg portion are provided with a plurality of apertures axially spaced apart a distance H for receiving said fasteners so that the height of said at least one front post and the height of said at least one rear post may be varied. 41. A support assembly as in claim 40, wherein said at least one front post and said at least one rear post are arranged in pairs vertically spaced apart from each other a distance W and said distance H and W are selected so that the arc tangent H/W is less then 5.degree.. 42. A support assembly as in claim 35, further comprising at least one diagonal brace, said at least one diagonal brace having a first end affixed to said at least one front post and a second end affixed to said at least one rear post. 43. A support assembly as in claim 35, wherein said raceway defined by said at least one horizontal support member is C-shaped. 44. A support assembly as in claim 35, wherein said at least one front post and said at least one rear post have the characteristic of acting as electrical ground rods. 45. A support assembly as in claim 35, wherein said at least one front post anchor portion further comprises a plurality of barbs which extend in a direction opposite to the direction in which said at least one front post anchor portion is driven whereby to resist the removal thereof from said ground mass. 46. A support assembly as in claim 36, wherein said at least one rear post anchor portion further comprises a plurality of barbs which extend in a direction opposite to the direction in which said at least one rear post anchor post is drive whereby to resist the removal thereof from said ground mass. 47. A support assembly for mounting an array of photovoltaic panels adapted to be connected to electrical wiring, said assembly comprising: a plurality of front posts, each of said front posts having an outer anchor portion configured to be driven sufficiently into a ground mass to resist removal therefrom during wind loading on said array of photovoltaic panels, and an inner leg portion telescopically cooperating with said outer anchor portion; a plurality of rear posts, each of said rear posts having an outer anchor portion configured to be driven sufficiently into a ground mass to resist removal therefrom during wind loading on said array of photovoltaic panels and an inner leg portion telescopically cooperating with said outer anchor portion; a front horizontal support affixable to each of said front post leg portions; and a rear horizontal support affixable to each of said rear post leg portions, at least one of said front or rear horizontal supports having means for mounting the photovoltaic panels thereof, and further defining a C-shaped raceway sufficient to receive said electrical wiring. 48. A support assembly for mounting photovoltaic panels adapted to be connected to electrical wiring, said assembly comprising: at least one front post having an outer anchor portion configured to be driven sufficiently into a ground mass to resist removal therefrom during wind loading on said photovoltaic panels and an inner leg portion telescopically cooperating with said outer anchor portion; at least one rear post having an outer anchor portion configured to be driven sufficiently into a ground mass to resist removal therefrom during wind loading on said photovoltaic panels and an inner leg portion telescopically cooperating with said outer anchor portion; at least one horizontal support member affixable to said at least one front post leg portion and said at least one rear post leg portion, said at least one horizontal support member having means for mounting the photovoltaic panels thereto and further defining a C-shaped raceway sufficient to receive said electrical wiring. 