A hot water heat control system for a building having a given boundary layer heat loss characteristic is described. The heating system, which includes a water heating device, a water circulation loop, and a mechanism for varying the amount of heat to the loop, is controlled by a unique valve arrangement. In the best mode, the valve arrangement controls the water temperature supplied to the perimeter heater in response sensed changes of ambient environmental conditions. In one system configuration, a controller is used to control the flow of heated circulating water in response to the sensed weather parameters. The valve controller has a flow timer for variably establishing flow periodicity between a minimum flow time and a maximum flow time. The valve controller also has a base cycle timer for variably establishing base cycle periodicity between a minimum base time and a maximum base time. In this form of the system, a selector is provided, responsive to the building heat equipment, for selecting flow time and base cycle time. A valve operator operates in response to the valve controller and opens and closes the water control valve. The system includes zone monitoring for sensing a zone condition variable selected from wind effect, solar radiation effect, other boundary layer disturbances and the combined effect of two or more thereof. Thus, hot water perimeter heating with zone condition variable compensation, is provided without using internal building temperature as a parameter.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A hot water heat control system for a building having a determined boundary layer heat loss and a heating system including water heating means, water circulating means, and building perimeter heater means for supplying variable amounts of heat to said building in accordance with the water temperature supplied to the perimeter heater means, said control system comprising, in combination: ambient temperature sensing means for sensing the outdoor temperature; flow control means for controlling the flow of heated circulating water in response to the sensed outdoor temperature; said flow control means having a programmed response to replenish said boundary layer heat loss with heat from said building perimeter heater means, said heat for replenishment being constant during substantially constant outdoor temperature; zone monitoring means for sensing a zone condition variable selected from wind effect, solar radiation effect, other boundary layer disturbances and the combined effect of two or more thereof, said condition occurring within the respective zone; zone compensation means for cooperative functioning with said flow control means for adjusting said flow control means from one level to another; water temperature sensing means for responding to changes in said water temperature supplied and for the adjustment of flow rates to obtain the predetermined heat outputs; and, whereby hot water heat, with zone condition variable compensation, is provided, said heating system replenishing heat lost at the boundary layer of the building without the control system therefor using internal building temperature as a parameter. 2. A hot water heat control system as described in claim 1, wherein said zone compensation means is responsive to changes in control signal representing the composite outside environmental conditions as derived by combining signals from said ambient temperature sensing means and said zone monitoring means. 3. A hot water heat control system as described in claim 1, wherein said ambient temperature means and said zone monitoring means further comprise: a plurality of multifunction sensors arrayed on various sides of said building each having a signal output variable with the combined effect of outside temperature, wind, solar radiation and air leakage; first signal processor means for comparing, averaging, summing, and differentiating said signal outputs to derive a reference signal corresponding to the outdoor temperature; and, second signal processor means for comparing, averaging, summing, and differentiating said signal outputs to derive said zone adjustment. 4. A hot water heat control system as described in claim 3, wherein the derived signal of said first signal processor means is usable for a control reference level. 5. A hot water heat control system as described in claim 3, wherein the derived signal of said second signal processor means is usable for zone compensation. 6. A hot water heat control system as described in claim 1 wherein said flow control means further includes a valve controller comprising: flow timer means for variably establishing flow periodicity between a minimum flow time and a maximum flow time; base cycle timer means for variably establishing base cycle periodicity between a minimum base time and a maximum base time; and, selector means responsive to heat requirement for selecting flow time and base cycle time; and, said water temperature sensing means for sensing water temperature at zone inlet; a valve operator means for operating in response to said valve controller said water control valve between an open position and a closed position. 7. A hot water heat control system as described in claim 1, wherein said first flow control means includes: said water temperature sensing means for sensing the water temperature at said perimeter heater means; and, proportioning valve controller to maintain amount of heat at perimeter heater means substantially constant for substantially constant outdoor temperature and correspondingly changing the amount of heat in cooperative functional relationship with said zone compensation means. 8. A hot water heat control system for a building having a determined heat loss characteristic and a heating system for at least two zones including water heating means, water circulating means, and building perimeter heater means for supplying variable amounts of heat to said building in accordance with the water temperature supplied to the perimeter heater means, said control system comprising, in combination: first environmental condition sensing means for sensing the outdoor temperature; said first zone flow control means having a calibrated response to maintain the output heat from said building perimeter heater means substantially constant during substantially constant environmental conditions outside said building; at least one second environmental condition sensing means each for sensing within a zone a parameter selected from wind effect, solar radiation effect, other boundary layer disturbances or the combined effect of two or more thereof; first zone flow control means for controlling the flow of heated circulating water in response to the composite of the monitored said first and second environmental conditions; second zone flow control means including said outdoor temperature sensing element and connected to said first flow control means for resetting said first flow control means from one balanced level to another in response to changes in the outside environmental conditions as sensed by first and said second environmental condition sensing means; variable flow means coupled to said heater means and responding to changes from the balanced level of said first and second flow control means to proportionately vary said heater means operating and correspondingly the heat output of said heater means; water temperature monitoring means for responding to water temperature supplied for adjustment of flow rates to obtain the predetermined heat outputs; and, said hot water heat control system precalibrated in accordance with building heat loss characteristics and without using internal building temperature as a control parameter. 9. A hot water heat control system as described in claim 8, wherein said first flow control means is responsive to a first derived control signal. 10. A hot water heat control system as described in claim 8 wherein said flow control means further includes a valve controller comprising: flow timer means for variably establishing flow periodicity between a minimum flow time and a maximum flow time; base cycle timer means for variably establishing base cycle periodicity between a minimum base time and a maximum base time; and, selector means responsive to heat requirement for selecting flow time and base cycle time; and, said water temperature sensing means for sensing water temperature at zone inlet; a valve operator means for operating in response to said valve controller said water control valve between an open position and a closed position. 11. A hot water heat control system as described in claim 8, wherein said first flow control means includes: said water temperature sensing means for sensing the water temperature at said perimeter heater means; and, proportioning valve controller to maintain amount of heat at perimeter heater means substantially constant for substantially constant outdoor temperature and correspondingly changing the amount of heat in cooperative functional relationship with said zone compensation means. 12. A hot water heat control system as described in claim 8, further comprising, in combination: a plurality of multifunction sensors arrayed on various sides of said building each having a signal output variable with the combined effect of outside temperature, wind, solar radiation and air leakage; first signal processor means for comparing, averaging, summing, and differentiating said signal outputs to derive said first flow control means; and, second signal processor means for comparing, averaging, summing, and differentiating said signal outputs to derive said second flow control means. 13. A hot water heat control system as described in claim 12 wherein said first derived control signal is proportionate to the calculated building heat loss characteristic. 14. A hot water heat control system as described in claim 8 wherein said second flow control means is responsive to a second derived control signal. 15. A hot water heat control system as described in claim 14 wherein said second derived control signal is in part a signal proportionate to the calculated building heat loss characteristic. 