A heat pump system (10, 210) includes a power section (11, 211) having a generator (15, 215) for converting a first working fluid from a liquid to a relatively high pressure gas, a power unit (25, 222) providing energy by the conversion of the relatively high pressure gas to relatively low pressure gas to power a drive piston (27, 228') for intermittently delivering a power stroke, a power section condenser (51, 251) converting the first working fluid from relatively low pressure gas to the liquid, a compressor section (12, 212) intermittently driven by the drive piston, the compressor section having a compressor (75, 275) converting relatively low pressure gas second working fluid to relatively high pressure gas second working fluid for circulating the second working fluid through a compressor section condensor (108, 308) and a compressor section evaporator (115, 315) to effect heating and cooling operations. A combined power unit and compressor assembly (221, 221') may be employed which has a valve assembly (232,332) for introducing the relatively high pressure gas to power the drive piston and for evacuating the relatively low pressure gas therefrom. A condensate pump (55, 255, 455) circulates the liquid in the power section.
Claims I claim: 1. A heat pump system comprising, power section means having generator means for converting a first working fluid from a liquid to relatively high pressure gas, power unit means providing energy by the conversion of the relatively high pressure gas to relatively low pressure gas to power drive piston means for intermittently delivering a pressurized second working fluid, power section condenser means converting the first working fluid from the relatively low pressure gas to the liquid, a liquid line connecting said power section condenser means and said generator means, and compressor section means intermittently driven by the second working fluid, said compressor section means having a compressor converting relatively low pressure gas third working fluid to relatively high pressure gas third working fluid for circulating the third working fluid through compressor section condenser means and compressor section evaporator means to selectively effect heating and cooling operations. 2. A heat pump system according to claim 1, wherein the liquid is circulated through solar collector means for supplying supplemental heat to the liquid. 3. A heat pump system according to claim 1, wherein said liquid line has a heat exchanger interposed therein for transferring heat from the relatively low pressure gas in a low pressure gas line passing therethrough to the liquid in said liquid line. 4. A heat pump system according to claim 1, wherein the relatively high pressure third working fluid exits said compressor means through a compressor section means high pressure gas line, said compressor section means high pressure gas line having a heat exchanger interposed therein for transferring heat from the relatively high pressure gas in said compression section means high pressure gas line to the liquid in the liquid line of said power section means passing therethrough. 5. A heat pump system according to claim 1, wherein said power section means has condensate pump means interposed in said liquid line. 6. A heat pump system according to claim 5, wherein said condensate pump is intermittently driven by said second working fluid. 7. A heat pump system according to claim 1, wherein said first and third working fluids are refrigerants and said second working fluid is hydraulic oil. 8. A heat pump system according to claim 1, wherein said compressor includes piston means having a power stroke actuated by said second working fluid. 9. A heat pump system according to claim 8, wherein the return stroke of said piston means is effected by compressor section relatively low pressure gas, the return stroke of said piston means effecting the return stroke of said drive piston means of said power section means. 10. A heat pump system according to claim 1, said compressor section means including flow reversal valve means, check valve means, and suction accumulator means. 11. A heat pump system comprising, compressor means for circulating a relatively high pressure gas working fluid, a high pressure gas working fluid line interconnecting a high pressure chamber of said compressor means and elements of a vapor compression cycle system, a low pressure gas working fluid line interconnecting said elements of a vapor compression cycle system and said high pressure chamber of said compressor means, compressor piston means in said compressor means for converting relatively low pressure gas working fluid to relatively high pressure gas working fluid in said high pressure chamber to one side of said compressor piston, a low pressure gas working fluid branch line connecting said low pressure gas working fluid line and a low pressure chamber in said compressor means to the other side of said compressor piston from said high pressure chamber, and power means operating on said compressor piston means in addition to the relatively low pressure gas working fluid from said low pressure working fluid branch line for pressurizing the relatively low pressure gas fluid in said high pressure chamber, said power means operating on said compressor piston means employs intermittently pressurized hydraulic fluid. 12. A heat pump system according to claim 11, wherein said hydraulic fluid intermittently actuates hydraulic piston means which is interconnected with said compressor piston means by connecting rod means. 13. A heat pump system according to claim 12, wherein said low pressure chamber of said compressor is interposed between and operatively communicates with said compressor piston means and said hydraulic piston means. 14. A heat pump system according to claim 13, wherein said compressor means has a hydraulic fluid chamber for said hydraulic fluid positioned to the other side of said hydraulic piston means from said low pressure chamber. 15. A heat pump according to claim 11, wherein said pistons have rolling diaphragms for effecting fluid isolation between said chambers. 16. A heat pump according to claim 15, wherein each of said pistons have a pair of rolling diaphragms with a vacuum chamber therebetween, whereby said rolling diaphragms are subjected to pressurized fluid on only one side thereof. 17. A heat pump system according to claim 11, wherein relatively low pressure gas working fluid is continuously supplied to said low pressure chamber by said low pressure working fluid branch line. 18. A heat pump system according to claim 17, wherein a first check valve in said low pressure gas working fluid line controls the intermittent supply of relatively low pressure gas working fluid to said high pressure chamber, and a second check valve in said relatively high pressure gas working fluid line controls the intermittent supply of relatively high pressure gas working fluid from said high pressure chamber. 19. A heat pump system comprising, power section means having generator means for converting a first working fluid from a liquid to relatively high pressure gas, power unit means providing energy by the conversion of the relatively high pressure gas to relatively low pressure gas to power drive piston means for intermittently delivering a power stroke, power section condenser means converting the first working fluid from the relatively low pressure gas to the liquid, compressor section means intermittently driven by said drive piston means, said compressor section means having a compressor converting relatively low pressure gas second working fluid to relatively high pressure gas second working fluid for circulating the second working fluid through compressor section condenser means and compressor section evaporator means to selectively effect heating and cooling operations, said compressor having compressor piston means interconnected with said drive piston means by connecting rod means. 20. A heat pump system according to claim 19, wherein said power unit means has power piston means driven by the relatively high pressure gas and connecting rod means for interconnecting said power piston means and said drive piston means. 21. A heat pump system comprising, power section means having generator means for converting a first working fluid from a liquid to relatively high pressure gas, power unit means providing energy by the conversion of the relatively high pressure gas to relatively low pressure gas to power drive piston means for intermittently delivering a power stroke, power section condenser means converting the first working fluid from the relatively low pressure gas to the liquid, compressor section means intermittently driven by said drive piston means, said compressor section means having a compressor converting relatively low pressure gas second working fluid to relatively high pressure gas second working fluid for circulating the second working fluid through compressor section condenser means and compressor section evaporator means to selectively effect heating and cooling operations, said compressor having compressor piston means which is fluid interconnected with said drive piston means. 22. A heat pump system according to claim 20, wherein an elongate housing surrounds said power piston means, said drive piston means and said compressor piston means. 23. A heat pump system according to claim 22, including valve means in said housing for supplying relatively high pressure gas to a compartment to one side of said power piston means during the power stroke thereof and for evacuating said compartment of the relatively low pressure gas during the exhaust stroke thereof. 24. A heat pump system according to claim 23, wherein said valve means is actuated by switching pin means engaging ramps of a slot in said connecting rod means. 25. A heat pump system according to claim 24, wherein said valve means includes a plurality of layered plates. 26. A heat pump system according to claim 25, wherein said valve means includes a rotary valve element having a slot for connecting apertures in an adjacent of said layered plates to effect supplying of the relatively high pressure gas to and evacuating of the relatively low pressure gas from said compartment. 27. A heat pump system according to claim 26, wherein said rotary valve element is of a ceramic material having smooth surfaces for sealing engagement with said layered plates. 28. A heat pump system according to claim 26, wherein said rotary valve element is in pressure engagement with a pair of adjacent of said layered plates which are stationary. 29. A heat pump system according to claim 28, wherein said pair of adjacent of said layered plates are joined by fasteners mounting compression springs for effecting sealing engagement between said rotary valve element and said pair of adjacent of said layered plates. 30. A heat pump system according to claim 28, including a valve switching plate having a pin actuating slot which receives a valve rotation pin attached to said rotary valve element. 31. A heat pump system according to claim 30, wherein said valve switching plate is spring biased for rapid actuation of said rotary valve element once said pin actuating slot engages said valve rotation pin during the rotation thereof. 32. A heat pump system according to claim 19, wherein said power unit means has power piston means driven by the relatively high pressure gas, and first connecting rod means interconnects said power piston means and said drive piston means, and said compressor has compressor piston means interconnected with said drive piston means by second connecting rod means, an elongate housing surrounding said power piston means, said drive piston means and said compressor piston means, and including valve means mounted on said connecting rod means for supplying relatively high pressure gas to a compartment to one side of said power piston means during the power stroke thereof and for evacuating said compartment of the relatively low pressure gas during the exhaust stroke thereof. 33. A heat pump system according to claim 32, wherein said valve means is a shuttle valve having a spool which moves axially relative to passage means in said connecting rod means communicating with said compartment for shifting between positions for the power stroke and the exhaust stroke of said power piston. 34. A heat pump system according to claim 33, wherein said axial movement of said spool is actuated by arm assemblies pivotally mounted on an arm mounting plate affixed to said connecting rod means, said arm assemblies mounting drag links for engaging thrust pins attached to said spool. 35. A heat pump system according to claim 34, wherein said drag links have longitudinal slots for movably engaging said thrust pins during a portion of the rotation of said arm assemblies. 36. A heat pump system according to claim 35, including a pair of arm assemblies joined by spring means, said spring means being tensioned during initial pivotal movements of said arm assemblies and effecting rapid actuation of said spool during the portion of the rotation of said arm assemblies when said drag links movably engage said thrust pins. 37. A heat pump system according to claim 36, including stop means associated with said arm assemblies and said arm mounting plate for defining the extent of pivotal movement of said arm assemblies. 38. A heat pump system according to claim 37, wherein said spool is mounted for movement on guide rods and has an internal bore with seals positioned proximate the axial extremities thereof for engaging a reduced diameter portion of said connecting rod means to either side of said passage means. 39. A heat pump system according to claim 38, wherein a flexible inlet tube extends through said housing to said spool for introducing high pressure gas interiorly thereof which is supplied via said passage means to said compartment for the power stroke of said power piston means. 40. A heat pump system according to claim 19, wherein said power section means has condensate pump means for converting low pressure liquid from said power section condenser means to high pressure liquid supplied to said generator means. 41. A heat pump system according to claim 40, wherein said power unit means has power piston means driven by the relatively high pressure gas and connecting rod means for interconnecting said power piston means and said drive piston means, said connecting rod means having bore means forming a cylinder casing of said condensate pump means. 42. A heat pump system according to claim 41, having an annular duct formed radially outwardly of said bore means for establishing communication between a passageway in said connecting rod means and a compartment formed to one side of said power piston means. 43. A heat pump system according to claim 41, wherein an elongate housing surrounds said power piston means and said drive piston means forming a compartment to one side of said power piston means, said compartment having a fixed piston rod extending into said axial bore. 44. A heat pump system according to claim 43, wherein said piston rod has a throughbore communicating between said cylinder casing and check valves for controlling the ingress and egress of liquid to said cylinder casing. 45. A heat pump system according to claim 44, wherein said piston rod has piston seals engaging the inner surface of said cylinder casing. 46. A heat pump system comprising, power section means having generator means for converting a first working fluid from a liquid to relatively high pressure gas, power unit means providing energy by the conversion of the relatively high pressure gas to relatively low pressure gas to power drive piston means for intermittently delivering a power stroke, power section condenser means converting the first working fluid from the relatively low pressure gas to the liquid, compressor section means intermittently driven by said drive piston means, said compressor section means having a compressor converting relatively low pressure gas second working fluid to relatively high pressure gas second working fluid for circulating the second working fluid through compressor section condenser means and compressor section evaporator means to selectively effecting heating and cooling operations, said relatively high pressure second working fluid exiting said compressor through a compressor section high pressure gas line to a heat exchanger interposed therein for transferring heat from said second working fluid to said first working fluid in a liquid line of said power section passing through said heat exchanger and joining said condenser means and said generator means. 47. A heat pump system according to claim 46, including valve means in a bypass line means for deactivating said heat exchanger to preclude reducing the temperature of the high pressure gas in said compression section means high pressure gas line. 48. A heat pump system according to claim 47, including sensor switch means for detecting temperature at a selected location in said compressor section means and for actuating said valve means, whereby said heat exchanger is selectively deactivated. 49. A heat pump system comprising, compressor means for circulating a relatively high pressure gas working fluid, a high pressure gas working fluid line interconnecting a high pressure chamber of said compressor means and elements of a vapor compression cycle system, a low pressure gas working fluid line interconnecting said elements of a vapor compression cycle system and said high pressure chamber of said compressor means, compressor piston means in said compressor means for converting relatively low pressure gas working fluid to relatively high pressure gas working fluid in said high pressure chamber to one side of said compressor piston, a low pressure gas working fluid branch line connecting said low pressure gas working fluid line and a low pressure chamber in said compressor means to the other side of said compressor piston from said high pressure chamber, and power means operating on said compressor piston means in addition to the relatively low pressure gas working fluid from said low pressure working fluid branch line for pressurizing the relatively low pressure gas fluid in said high pressure chamber, said power means including piston means having power working fluid operating on one radial face thereof and said low pressure gas working fluid operating on another radial face of reduced area of said piston means. 50. A heat pump system according to claim 49, wherein said piston means is a hydraulic piston. 51. A heat pump system according to claim 49, wherein said piston means includes power piston means having said one radial face on which said power working fluid operates, drive piston means having said another radial face on which said low pressure gas working fluid operates, and connecting rod means joining said power piston means and said drive piston means. 