An apparatus for heating of a body of water is floatingly received within the body of water. The collector includes a housing formed with an interior cavity containing aluminum oxide crystals in communication with collector tubes extending orthogonally downwardly relative to the housing also filled with the aluminum oxide crystals. A lens assembly plate is mounted above the cavity, with the lens assembly including a matrix of magnification lens members coextensively directed throughout the plate above the cavity. A modification of the invention includes a water storage tank for the storage and heating of water in association with a heating tank structure.
Claims What is claimed as being new and desired to be protected by Letters Patent of the United States is as follows: 1. A passive solar heating apparatus, comprising, a solar collector housing, the solar collector housing including a housing floor, and a continuous housing side wall, and a housing cavity defined within the housing above the floor within the side wall, and a magnification lens member mounted coextensively over the cavity to an upper distal end of the side wall, and a housing flange abutment integrally and orthogonally mounted to an upper distal end of the side wall extending exteriorly of the cavity, with a tubular flotation ring mounted in surrounding relationship relative to the side wall below the flange abutment in contiguous communication therewith, and the lens assembly plate including a matrix of magnification lens members mounted within the lens assembly plate, and a matrix of collector tubes integrally and orthogonally mounted to a bottom surface of the housing floor extending downwardly therefrom, the housing cavity and the collector tubes filled with aluminum oxide powder. 2. An apparatus as set forth in claim 1 including a housing top panel mounted above the floor extending coextensively above the cavity and the aluminum oxide powder. 3. An apparatus as set forth in claim 2 including a stabilizer plate integrally and orthogonally mounted to the lower distal ends of the collector tubes. 4. An apparatus as set forth in claim 3 including a water container tank, the water container tank including a mounting post integrally and orthogonally mounted to a water container floor of the water container tank, with the mounting post extending upwardly relative to the water container floor within the water container tank, and second switch mounted to an upper distal end of the mounting post, and as alarm housing mounted to the flotation ring, the alarm housing telescopingly and slidingly receiving the mounting post therewithin, and the alarm housing including a first switch contact mounted within the alarm housing, wherein the first switch contact is horizontally aligned with a bottom surface of the flotation ring, and an audio alarm means mounted within the alarm housing for actuation upon the first switch contacting one another. 5. An apparatus as set forth in claim 4 including a first conduit directed into and in fluid communication with the water container tank, with the first conduit directed into the water container tank adjacent the water container floor, and the first conduit extending from the water container tank into a water storage tank, the water storage tank including a fluid coil in fluid communication with the first conduit windingly mounted within the water storage tank, and the water storage tank including aluminum oxide crystals and anti-freeze mixture contained therewithin in surrounding relationship relative to the fluid coil, and a second conduit extending exteriorly of the water storage tank in fluid communication with the fluid coil, wherein the second conduit extends to a thermostatically controlled zone valve, wherein the zone valve is in fluid communication with a fourth conduit upon water within the second conduit attaining a predetermined temperature, and a third conduit in fluid communication with the zone valve directed from the zone valve to the water container within the second conduit below the predetermined temperature. 