A fiber-optic position sensor includes a light source, a light detector that produces analog electrical signals proportional to the intensity of incident light on the detector, and fiber-optic bundles for transmitting illumination light to an object, transmitting reflected light from the object to the detector, and reference light from the light source directly to the detector. Electronic circuits are also provided for use with the optical position sensor for processing the signals from the detector to determine the position of the object. The detector is a photovoltaic bi-cell having two discrete regions, the first being used to detect the reference light and the second being used to detect the reflected light. A mounting block configuration is also provided to conveniently hold the optical elements.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device for sensing position of an object comprising: (a) a light source; (b) a light detector that produces signals proportional to intensity of light incident on said detector, said detector being a photovoltaic bi-cell that produces electrical signals proportional to the intensity of incident light thereon, and having first and second discrete regions for sensing incident light, said first region sensing incident reference light from said light source, and said second region sensing incident light reflected from the object; (c) a fiber-optic bundle for transmitting light from said source to the object along a first light path, for transmitting light reflected from the object to said detector along a second light path, and for transmitting reference light from said source to said detector; and (d) means for processing said detector signals to determine positions of the object. 2. A position sensing device according to claim 1 wherein said fiber-optic bundle includes an illumination bundle for transmitting illumination light from said light source to the object, a measurement bundle for transmitting reflected light from the object to said light detector, and a reference bundle for transmitting reference light from said light source to said light detector. 3. A position sensing device according to claim 2 wherein said illumination and reference bundles form a bifurcated fiber-optic cable. 4. A position sensing device according to claim 2 wherein said fiber-optic bundle further includes a flexible fiber-optic cable having an output end that can be positioned proximate the object and an input end optically coupled to respective distal ends of said illumination and reference bundles. 5. A position sensing device according to claim 4 wherein one end of said illumination bundle opposite its distal end is adjacent said light source, and one end of said measurement bundle opposite its distal end is adjacent said light detector. 6. A position sensing device according to claim 5 wherein said reference bundle has one end adjacent said light source and a distal end adjacent said light detector. 7. A position sensing device according to claim 6 wherein said reference bundle distal end and measurement bundle distal end abut said light detector first and second regions respectively. 8. A position sensing device according to claim 4 further comprising a mono-fiber mixer that optically couples said illumination and measurement bundle distal ends with said fiber-optic cable. 9. A position sensing device according to claim 2 further comprising a mono-fiber mixer that optically couples said illumination bundle and said light source. 10. A position sensing device according to claim 9 wherein said mixer also optically couples said reference bundle to said light source. 11. A position sensing device according to claim 4 further comprising a neutral density filter disposed to filter light in said reference bundle. 12. A position sensing device according to claim 4 further comprising a gradient index lens, at said fiber-optic cable output end. 13. An optical device that can be interfaced with signal processing devices for determining positions of an object comprising a light source, a light detector that responds to light incident thereon and produces analog electrical signals related to the incident light wherein said light detector has two discrete regions having substantially identical photovoltaic responses for sensing incident light, means for transmitting light from said light source to the object and for transmitting reflected light from the object to one of said light detector regions and for transmitting light from said light source to the other of said light detector regions. 14. An optical device according to claim 13 wherein said means for transmitting light includes a bifurcated fiber-optic cable having a first fiber bundle that provides an illumination light path from said light source to the object and a second fiber bundle that provides a reflected light path from the object to said light detector. 15. An optical device according to claim 14 wherein said means for transmitting light further includes a third fiber bundle that provides a reference light path from said light source to said light detector. 16. An optical device according to claim 15 wherein said second fiber bundle and third fiber bundle have output ends that contact respective ones of said light detector regions. 17. An optical device according to claim 13 wherein said means for transmitting light includes illumination, measurement and reference fiber-optic bundles and a randomized fiber-optic cable, wherein one end of each of said illumination and measurement bundles being optically connected to respective halves of the fibers at one end of said fiber-optic cable. 18. An optical device according to claim 17 further comprising a mixer interposed between said illumination and measurement bundles and said one end of said fiber-optic cable. 19. An optical device according to claim 14 further comprising a mounting block having an upper half and a mateable lower half, said mounting block halves including recesses formed therein to receive and hold said light source, light detector, and to enclose portions of said means for transmitting light. 20. An optical device according to claim 19 wherein said fiber-optic cable is a flexible cable having one end held by said mounting block and the other end outside said mounting block for convenient positioning proximate the object. 