Multiple subsidiary small payloads are connected to standard mechanical and electrical interfaces provided by an expendable or recoverable modular mother satellite bus (MMSB) and launched into space as an assembly acting as a common carrier providing low unit launch costs for the attached subsidiary payloads and also providing a variety of electrical, pointing, and thermal control services for these payloads after reaching orbit. These services include but are not necessarily limited to controlled separation of free-flying satellites or re-entry vehicles, regulated electric power at a variety of voltages, telemetry, computer control, payload control via time delayed pre-programmed instructions, optional real-time payload control via direct radio communication or transmission through geostationary or other communication satellite links, time-driven or event-driven control logic, mass data memory, encryption and decryption of data and commands, payload pointing, augmented heat rejection, and interconnection between subsidiary attached payloads through the data bus. The MMSB thus provides a mechanism by which many subsidiary functionally related or unrelated payloads can be launched into orbit and provide data or services while sharing appropriate mother satellite bus functions essential to payload operation but not intrinsically part of the scientific, commercial, or data generation objective of the attached payload.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A self-contained, unmanned and unpressurized spacecraft adapted to be launched into space by a launch vehicle and subsequently separated therefrom, the spacecraft adapted to carry a plurality of subsidiary attached payloads and to provide bus services to each payload upon separation of the spacecraft from the launch vehicle, the spacecraft comprising: a main structural body; substantially similar and standardized mechanical and electronic interface means for mechanically and electronically attaching each of said plurality of subsidiary attached payloads to said main structural body of the spacecraft; modular control means operative through said interface means for controlling the function of each of said subsidiary attached payloads; means operative through said interface means for providing spacecraft electric power and computer/controller and data bus resources to each of said subsidiary attached payloads; means operative through said interface means for retrieving data from said subsidiary attached payloads; and means for permitting communication between the spacecraft and external sources. 2. A spacecraft according to claim 1 and further including means for attaching one or more optional secondary payloads to said main body. 3. A spacecraft according to claim 2 and further including means for controllably separating said one or more optional secondary payloads following launch of said spacecraft. 4. A spacecraft according to claim 1 wherein said interface means includes standardized electrical and electronic interface units between said main body of the spacecraft and said attached subsidiary payloads, such that different payload types can be accommodated through the utilization of complementary standardized electrical connectors on said different payload types. 5. A spacecraft according to claim 4 and further including means for metering the electrical, computer/controller, and data services delivered to said attached subsidiary payloads such that billable services may be established and verified. 6. A spacecraft according to claim 1 wherein said means for attaching said plurality of subsidiary payloads includes standardized mechanical interfaces between said main body of spacecraft and said attached subsidiary payloads such that different payload configurations can be permanently or reversibly attached to said main spacecraft body through the utilization of standardized connector hardware on said different payload configurations. 7. A spacecraft according to claim 1 wherein said means for providing spacecraft electric power to said attached subsidiary payloads includes means for providing standard regulated electrical voltages and regulated or unregulated electrical power to said attached subsidiary payloads. 8. A spacecraft according to claim 1 and further including means for carrying data and commands on an electronic bus so that certain of said attached subsidiary payloads can be connected in parallel with other of said attached subsidiary payloads via an electrical bus for the purpose of data and command transmission and receipt. 9. A spacecraft according to claim 8 wherein said means for providing spacecraft electric power and computer/controller and data bus resources to the attached subsidiary payloads includes a plurality of distributed controllers. 10. A spacecraft according to claim 9 wherein said plurality of distributed controllers include a standard modular interface control unit for each of said attached subsidiary payloads by which means electrical power and data/command services derived from the spacecraft are provided to the attached subsidiary payloads under the control of the spacecraft computer/controller. 11. A spacecraft according to claim 10 wherein said interface control units are accessible from the exterior of said spacecraft and may be reconfigured for individual payloads by removal and substitution of appropriate components, thereby allowing integration of diverse payload types into said spacecraft without removing or reconfiguring internal hardware or software of said spacecraft. 12. A spacecraft according to claim 11 wherein integral connectors are provided such that connections with said spacecraft electrical power and data/command services for any one of said attached subsidiary payloads is established by mechanically attaching an associated interface control unit to said main spacecraft and broken by mechanically removing said associated interface control unit. 13. A spacecraft according to claim 8 wherein the bus architecture provides the capability to integrate several different attached subsidiary payload microprocessor controller types into the overall spacecraft without spacecraft software modifications peculiar to the attached payload processor type. 14. A spacecraft according to claim 8 wherein a multibus structure in accordance with ANSI/IEEE Std. 1296-1987 interconnects the data bus, computer control, and subsidiary payload connections, thereby providing the capability to integrate various different microprocessor configurations into said spacecraft without reconfiguring the main computer controller assembly. 15. A spacecraft according to claim 1 and further comprising means for providing attitude control such that any one or more of said attached subsidiary payloads can be pointed towards celestial, inertial, or geo-located references. 16. A spacecraft according to claim 15 and wherein means for operating the spacecraft is provided in such a way that said spacecraft is capable of responding to attached subsidiary payload's pointing requirements according to pre-programmed instructions and in response to direct operator commands. 17. A spacecraft according to claim 15 further including means for one or more optional secondary payloads to said main body and and further including means for controllably separating said one or more optional secondary payloads following launch of said spacecraft, and wherein said means for providing attitude control provides continued stability and control after release from the main structural body of one or more of said secondary payloads such that the ability to control said spacecraft attitude will be retained despite release of individual secondary payloads into separate orbits at any time. 18. A spacecraft according to claim 1 and further wherein movable solar array panels are provided to produce electric power for the spacecraft, and electrical energy storage devices are provided such that said spacecraft electrical energy storage devices may be recharged in orbit thereby permitting said spacecraft to be operated for extended periods. 19. A spacecraft according to claim 18 and further wherein articulated solar array drive assemblies are provided such that said movable solar arrays may be oriented into the sun to provide increased amounts of electrical power to said spacecraft. 20. A spacecraft according to claim 1 wherein said means for permitting communication allows communication via geostationary satellite links such that real time communication and control independent of spacecraft position can be established. 21. A spacecraft according to claim 1 wherein said means for communicating with said spacecraft includes means for providing real-time control of attached subsidiary payloads via either direct communications or geo-stationary or other altitude communication satellite links such that individual operators can exercise direct control of selected attached payloads with minimum lags between commanded events and initiation of said events by said selected attached payload. 22. A spacecraft according to claim 1 and further comprising means for reversibly attaching to said main structural body separate secondary, functionally unrelated payloads after achieving orbit. 23. A spacecraft according to claim 1 wherein an open architecture spacecraft computer/controller is provided such that any of several microprocessor controllers can be used to control the spacecraft without further substantial modification. 24. A spacecraft according to claim 1 wherein heat rejection capability is provided for said attached subsidiary payloads such that heat generated in excess of that which can be dissipated by conduction and radiation away from said attached payloads can be transported to a radiator remote from said attached payload and rejected to space at said remote location. 25. A spacecraft according to claim 1 wherein said attached subsidiary payloads are arranged such that a majority of said attached subsidiary payloads can have apertures with access to either zenith or nadir visibilities in normal operation, and a minority of said attached subsidiary payloads can have visibilities restricted to fields of view substantially dominated by either deep space or the earth's surface. 26. A self-contained, unmanned spacecraft adapted to be launched into space by a launch vehicle and subsequently separated therefrom, the spacecraft adapted to carry a plurality of subsidiary attached payloads and to provide bus services to each payload upon separation of the spacecraft from the launch vehicle, the spacecraft comprising: standardized mechanical and electronic interface means for attaching a plurality of subsidiary payloads to a main structural body of the spacecraft, including standardized electrical and electronic interface units between said main body of the spacecraft and said attached subsidiary payloads, such that different payload types can be accommodated through utilization of complementary standardized electrical connectors on said different payload types; modular control means operative through said interface means for controlling the function of each of said attached subsidiary payloads; means operative through said interface means for providing spacecraft electric power and computer/controller and data bus resources to each of said attached subsidiary payloads; means operative through said interface means for retrieving data from said attached subsidiary payloads; means operative through said interface means for metering the electrical, computer/controller, and data services delivered to said attached subsidiary payloads such that billable services may be established and verified; means operative through said interface means for storing and transmitting the data associated with metered bus services such that peak rates and total use of bus services consumed by said subsidiary attached payloads can be determined; and means for permitting communication between the spacecraft and external sources. 27. A self-contained and unmanned spacecraft adapted to be launched into space by a launch vehicle and subsequently separated therefrom comprising: (a) a central structural support column; (b) a plurality of standardized interface ports arranged on said support column for attachment of a corresponding plurality of functionally unrelated payloads; (c) modular interface control units incorporated within each of said interface ports, each of said modular interface control units including a connector plate incorporating a power bus interface connector and a data/command bus interface connector; (d) means within said support column for providing each said payload with multiple orbital flight services after launch via said interface control units; and (e) means for separating one or more of said functionally unrelated payloads from said spacecraft after launch. 28. The spacecraft according to claim 27 and wherein a pair of deployable solar panels are attached to said column. 29. The spacecraft according to claim 27 and wherein a thermal radiator is attached to said column and is operatively attached to said multiple payloads via a heat pipe bus. 30. The spacecraft according to claim 27 and further comprising a launch adaptor pre-selected for mounting the spacecraft within a payload shroud of a pre-selected launch vehicle. 31. In a spacecraft adapted to be launched into space by a launch vehicle and subsequently separated therefrom, the spacecraft adapted to carry a plurality of diverse customer payloads into orbit, a communication system for electronically communicating with each of said payloads comprising: a digital subsystem including control means for communicating with said plurality of payloads; at least one bus coupled to said digital subsystem over which said digital subsystem communicates with said plurality of payloads; and a plurality of substantially identical interface control units, each interface control unit being coupled to said at least one bus and to a customer payload, whereby substantially identical interface control units may be used to interface between said digital subsystem and a plurality of diverse customer payloads. 32. A communication system according to claim 31, further including a system bus, wherein said control means includes a control computer, and an input/output control means, said control computer and said input/output control means each being coupled to said system bus, said at least one bus being coupled to said system bus, said at least one bus being coupled to said input/output control means. 33. A communication system according to claim 32, wherein said digital subsystem further includes a bus arbiter coupled to said system bus, for controlling by said customer payloads access to said at least one bus. 34. A communication system according to claim 32, wherein said digital subsystem further includes a transmitter/receiver controller coupled to said system bus and a transmitter/receiver means coupled to said transmitter/receiver controller for receiving information related to at least one of said customer payloads. 35. A communication system according to claim 31, further including transmitter/receiver means for transmitting and receiving information related to at least one payload, said transmitter/receiver means including means for receiving commands from a ground station and for coupling said commands to said digital subsystem. 36. A communications system according to claim 31 wherein said digital system includes an attitude system interface and further including an attitude control system, coupled to said attitude control system interface. 37. A communications system according to claim 31, wherein said interface control unit includes interface means for converting information between analog and digital formats. 38. A communication system according to claim 31, wherein said interface control unit includes a power system interface. 39. A communications system according to claim 31, wherein said interface control unit includes a command and data interface. 40. A communications system according to claim 31, wherein said interface includes a pyrotechnic interface. 41. A communications system according to claim 31, wherein said interface control unit includes a code conversion interface, a power system interface, and a command interface. 42. A communications system according to claim 41 further including a pyrotechnic interface. 43. A communications system according to claim 31, wherein said control means includes means for controlling communications between said plurality of payloads. 44. A communication system according to claim 43 wherein communications between said payloads are independent of the particular electronic configuration of said payloads. 45. An unmanned spacecraft adapted to be launched into space by a launch vehicle and subsequently separated therefrom, the spacecraft adapted to carry a plurality of subsidiary attached payloads and to provide bus services to each payload upon separation of the spacecraft from the launch vehicle, the spacecraft comprising: standardized mechanical and electronic interface means attaching a plurality of subsidiary payloads to a main structural body of the spacecraft; modular control means for controlling the function of said attached subsidiary payloads; means for providing multiple services including spacecraft electric power and computer/controller and data bus resources to each of said attached subsidiary payloads; means for retrieving data from said attached subsidiary payloads; means for permitting communication between the spacecraft and external sources; means for metering the said multiple services delivered to said attached subsidiary payloads; and means for storing and transmitting the data associated with said metered services. 46. An unmanned spacecraft adapted to be launched into space by a launch vehicle and subsequently separated therefrom, the spacecraft adapted to carry a plurality of subsidiary attached payloads and to provide bus services to each payload under separation of the spacecraft from the launch vehicle, the spacecraft comprising: standardized mechanical and electronic interface means for attaching a plurality of subsidiary payloads to a main structural body of the spacecraft; first means for controlling the function of each of said attached subsidiary payloads; second means for providing multiple services including spacecraft electric power and computer/controller and data bus resources to each of said attached subsidiary payloads; third means for retrieving data from said attached subsidiary payloads; fourth means for metering said multiple services delivered to said attached subsidiary payloads; and fifth means for storing and transmitting the data associated with said metered services; wherein said first, second, third, fourth and fifth means operate through said interface means. 47. An unmanned spacecraft adapted to be launched into space by a launch vehicle and separated therefrom upon reaching a predetermined earth orbit comprising: (a) a central structural support column; (b) a plurality of standardized interface ports arranged on said support column for attachment of a corresponding plurality of functionally unrelated payloads; (c) modular interface control units incorporated within each of said interface ports, each of said modular interface control units including a connector plate incorporating a power bus interface connector, a data/command bus interface connector and a pyrotechnic interface connector; and (d) means within said support column for providing each said payload with multiple orbital flight services after launch via said interface control units. 48. An unmanned and self-contained spacecraft adapted to be launched into space by a launch vehicle and separated therefrom upon reaching a predetermined earth orbit comprising: (a) a central structural support column; (b) a plurality of standardized interface ports arranged on said support column for attachment of a corresponding plurality of functionally unrelated payloads; (c) modular interface control units incorporated within each of said interface ports, each of said modular interface control units including a connector plate incorporating a power bus interface connector, a data/command bus interface connector and a customer interface port connector; and (d) means within said support column for providing each said payload with multiple orbital flight services after launch via said interface control units. 