A large effective-aperture, low-cost optical telescope with diffraction-limited resolution enables ground-based observation of near-earth space objects. The telescope has a non-redundant, thinned-aperture array in a center-mount, single-structure space frame. It employs speckle interferometric imaging to achieve diffraction-limited resolution. The signal-to-noise ratio problem is mitigated by moving the wavelength of operation to the near-IR, and the image is sensed by a Silicon CCD. The steerable, single-structure array presents a constant pupil. The center-mount, radar-like mount enables low-earth orbit space objects to be tracked as well as increases stiffness of the space frame. In the preferred embodiment, the array has elemental telescopes with subaperture of 2.1 m in a circle-of-nine configuration. The telescope array has an effective aperture of 12 m which provides a diffraction-limited resolution of 0.02 arc seconds. Pathlength matching of the telescope array is maintained by an electro-optical system employing laser metrology. Speckle imaging relaxes pathlength matching tolerance by one order of magnitude as compared to phased arrays. Many features of the telescope contribute to substantial reduction in costs. These include eliminating the conventional protective dome and reducing on-site construction activites. The cost of the telescope scales with the first power of the aperture rather than its third power as in conventional telescopes.
Claims It is claimed: 1. A telescope, comprising: an array of elemental telescopes; each elemental telescope receiving light from an object, and outputting an output beam therefrom; means for combining the output beams from the array of elemental telescopes to form an image of the object; a space frame for supporting the array of elemental telescopes and the beams combining means, such that each elemental telescope has an optical axis aligned along a common axis of the array; a pivot having two independent rotational axes along horizontal directions on an elevated support for supporting the space frame at substantially its geometric center; and drive means for steering the space frame about the pivot. 2. A telescope as in claim 1, wherein the pivot is a ball and socket. 3. A telescope as in claim 1, wherein the pivot is a gimbal bearing. 4. A telescope as in claim 1, wherein the drive means comprises: a plurality of force actuators; and a plurality of cables, each engaging at one end to one of the force actuators and on another end distributively to outer parts of the space frame. 5. A telescope as in claim 4, wherein the pivot is a ball and socket. 6. A telescope as in claim 4, wherein the pivot is a gimbal bearing. 7. A telescope as in claim 1, wherein each elemental telescope further comprises: primary and secondary optical elements for forming an afocal telescope; a mirror yoke for mounting the primary and secondary optical elements; a protective casing for shielding the primary and secondary optical elements and mirror yoke from external perturbations, said protective casing having an opening for receiving light from the object; and said protective casing and mirror yoke being independently supported by the space frame. 8. A telescope as in claim 7, wherein the protective casing is double-walled and air-conditioned therebetween to shield from externally solar-driven thermal loads. 9. A telescope as in claim 7, wherein any opening of the protective casing is coverable, thereby shielding the primary and second optical elements in the event of severe weather or sustained period of inoperation. 10. A telescope as in claim 1, wherein the pivot is a ball and socket. 11. A telescope as in claim 1, wherein each elemental telescope further comprises: primary and secondary optical elements for forming an afocal telescope; a mirror yoke for mounting the primary and secondary optical elements; a protective casing for shielding the primary and secondary optical elements and mirror yoke from external perturbations, said protective casing having an opening for receiving light from the object; and said protective casing and mirror yoke being independently supported by the space frame. 12. A telescope as in claim 11, wherein the protective casing is double-walled and air-conditioned therebetween to shield from externally solar-driven thermal loads. 13. A telescope as in claim 11, wherein any opening of the protective casing is coverable, thereby shielding the primary and second optical elements in the event of severe weather or sustained period of inoperation. 14. A telescope as in claim 11, wherein the pivot is a ball and socket. 15. A telescope as in claim 11, wherein the pivot is a gimbal bearing. 16. A telescope as in claim 1, wherein the array of elemental telescopes is in a non-redundant configuration. 17. A telescope as in claim 1, further including a charge-coupled device for detecting the combined image in a near infra-red part of light spectrum. 18. A telescope, comprising: (a) an array of elemental telescopes, each elemental telescope receiving light from an object, and outputting an output beam therefrom; (b) means for combining the output beams from the array of elemental telescopes to form an image of the object; (c) a space frame for supporting the array of elemental telescopes and the beams combining means, such that each elemental telescope has an optical axis aligned along a common axis of the array; (d) primary and secondary optical elements for forming an afocal telescope; (e) a mirror yoke for mounting the primary and secondary optical elements; (f) a protective casing for shielding said primary and secondary optical elements and mirror yoke from external perturbations, said protective casing having an opening for receiving light from said object, said protective casing and mirror yoke being independently supported by said space frame; (g) a pivot having two independent rotational axes along horizontal directions on a pedestal for centrally supporting the space frame on the elevated support; and (h) drive means for steering the space frame about the pivot. 19. A telescope as in claim 18, wherein said protective casing is double-walled and air-conditioned therebetween to shield from externally solar-drive thermal loads. 20. A telescope as in claim 18, wherein any opening of said protective casing is coverable, thereby shielding said primary and secondary elements in the event of severe weather or sustained period of inoperation. 