This invention is a novel solar tracking mechanism incorporating a number of practical features that give it superior environmental resilience and exceptional tracking accuracy. The mechanism comprises a lightweight space-frame assembly supporting an array of point-focus Fresnel lenses in a two-axis tracking structure. The system is enclosed under a glass cover which isolates it from environmental exposure and enhances tracking accuracy by eliminating wind loading. Tracking accuracy is also enhanced by the system's broad-based tracking support. The system's primary intended application would be to focus highly concentrated sunlight into optical fibers for transmission to core building illumination zones, and the system may also have potential for photovoltaic or photothermal solar energy conversion.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A tracking solar collector mechanism comprising: 1.1 a stationary base structure which supports the tracking components; 1.2 two parallel rows of uniformly spaced axial polar bearings attached to the base structure, each row comprising at least one bearing, wherein each member bearing of each row is coaligned with an associated bearing of the other row, the line joining each pair of coaligned bearings defining an associated polar tracking axis wherein the pairs' polar axes are mutually parallel; 1.3 at least one tracking module, each of which is supported by and turns on one of the pairs of coaligned polar bearings and which comprises 1.3.1 a first structural member attached to and spanning the space between the module's two polar bearings, 1.3.2 a first mechanical coupling means for coupling the structural member to a polar drive mechanism, wherein the structural member's position is constrained by its two supporting polar bearings and by the coupling means, 1.3.3 two rows of evenly spaced axial declination bearings attached to the structural member, wherein both rows are parallel to the module's polar axis and are disposed alongside the structural member with the structural member between them, and each member bearing of each row is coaligned with an associated bearing of the other row, the line joining each pair of coaligned declination bearings defining an associated declination tracking axis wherein the pairs' declination axes are mutually parallel and are preferably aligned perpendicular to the module's polar axis, 1.3.4 a set of declination-tracking concentrator units, each of which is supported by and turns on one of the pairs of coaligned declination bearings and which comprises 1.3.4.1 a second structural member which is attached to each of the unit's two supporting declination bearings, and which straddles and bridges over said first structural member, 1.3.4.2 a second mechanical coupling means for coupling said second structural member to a declination drive mechanism, wherein said second structural member's position in relation to said first structural member is constrained by its two supporting declination bearings and by said second coupling means, and 1.3.4.3 two lens-receiver assemblies, each comprising a focusing lens and a small solar energy receiver, wherein the two assemblies are rigidly attached to said second structural member with said second structural member being disposed between them; 1.4 polar drive means whereby each module's polar tracking position is controlled by a polar tracking actuator, wherein the actuator's motion is transmitted to at least one module through the module's first coupling means: and 1.5 declination drive means whereby each concentrator unit's declination tracking position is controlled by a declination tracking actuator, wherein the actuator's motion is transmitted to at least one unit through the unit's second coupling means. 2. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 1 wherein each polar tracking actuator (1.4) is mechanically coupled to and controls only one tracking module (1.3). 3. A collector array comprising the tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 1 wherein the base structure (1.1) supports more than one tracking module (1.3). 4. The collector array of claim 3 wherein a single polar tracking actuator (1.4) is mechanically coupled to and simultaneously controls all of the array's tracking modules. 5. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 1 wherein each tracking module's declination units (1.3.4) are all mechanically coupled to and controlled by a single declination tracking actuator (1.5). 6. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 5 wherein each declination tracking actuator is mechanically coupled to and controls the declination units of only one tracking module. 7. A collector array comprising the tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 5 wherein the base structure (1.1) supports more than one tracking module (1.3). 8. The collector array of claim 7 wherein a single declination tracking actuator is mechanically coupled to and simultaneously controls the declination units of all of the array's tracking modules. 9. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 5 wherein said second mechanical coupling means (1.3.4.2) comprises a mechanical coupling on the circumference of a large-radius declination wheel segment which is centered on the associated declination unit's polar axis and rigidly attached to the unit's second structural member. 10. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 9 wherein said second mechanical coupling means further comprises a gear mesh, timing belt, or cable winding. 11. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 9 wherein said second mechanical coupling means indirectly couples each tracking module's declination units to the module's associated declination tracking actuator through an intermediate first declination drive element which extends across and is mechanically coupled to the declination wheel segments of all of the module's units, and which simultaneously transmits the declination tracking motion from the declination tracking actuator to all of the module's units. 12. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 11 wherein said first declination drive element is a shaft, flat belt, or cable. 13. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 11 wherein said first declination drive element is mechanically coupled to the declination tracking actuator by means comprising a gear mesh, timing belt, or cable winding. 14. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 11 wherein said first declination drive element is mechanically coupled to the declination tracking actuator through an intermediate second declination drive element. 15. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 14 wherein said second drive element is a shaft, flat belt, or cable. 16. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 14 wherein said first declination drive element is mechanically coupled to said second declination drive element by means comprising a gear mesh, timing belt, or cable winding. 17. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 14 wherein said second drive element extends across and is mechanically coupled to the first declination drive elements of each of a plurality of tracking modules, and which simultaneously transmits the declination tracking motion from a single declination tracking actuator to all of the coupled first declination drive elements. 18. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 14 wherein said second drive element is mechanically coupled to the declination tracking actuator by means comprising a gear mesh, timing belt, or cable winding. 19. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 1 wherein the polar axes (1.2) are adapted to be aligned with the Earth's axis. 20. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 1 wherein the lens (1.3.4.3) is a Fresnel lens. 21. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 1 wherein said first structural member (1.3.1) is a truss structure comprising a rigid space frame assembly. 22. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 1 wherein said second structural member (1.3.4.1) is a space frame structure comprising four struts rigidly linking each of its two supporting declination bearings to each of two mounting points, and a fifth strut rigidly linking the two mounting points, wherein the two mounting points and the two declination bearings define the corners of a tetrahedron straddling and bridging over the associated tracking module's first structural member (1.3.1), and wherein each of the unit's two lens-receiver assemblies (1.3.4.3) is mounted on one of the two triangular structural frameworks defined by the two mounting points, one of the two supporting declination bearings, and the three struts linking these elements. 23. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 1 wherein said first mechanical coupling means (1.3.2) comprises a mechanical coupling on the circumference of a large-radius polar wheel segment which is centered on the associated tracking module's polar axis and rigidly attached to the module's first structural member. 24. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 23 wherein said first mechanical coupling means further comprises a gear mesh, timing belt, or cable winding. 25. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 23 wherein said first mechanical coupling means directly couples the polar wheel segment to the associated polar tracking actuator (1.4). 26. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 23 wherein said first mechanical coupling means indirectly couples the polar wheel segment to the associated polar tracking actuator (1.4) through an intermediate polar drive element. 27. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 26 wherein the polar drive element is a shaft, flat belt, or cable. 28. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 26 wherein the polar drive element extends across and is mechanically coupled to the polar wheel segments of each of a plurality of tracking modules, and simultaneously transmits the polar tracking motion from a single polar tracking actuator to all of the coupled modules. 29. The tracking solar collector mechanism of claim 26 wherein the polar drive element is mechanically coupled to the polar tracking actuator by means comprising a gear mesh, timing belt, or cable winding. 