An automated system for detecting and recording lightning strikes in the vicinity of power lines. In one embodiment of the invention, the automated system includes a toroid surge sensor; a phototransistor optical sensor located within a pole mounted housing; a magnetic loop sensor; a control circuit for, one or more cameras and/or video camcorders; and a power supply all contained within a weather-tight housing. The sensors are used to detect a lightning strike and to output a signal which is transmitted via the control circuit to activate the cameras or camcorder.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An automated system for detecting and recording a lightning strike in the vicinity of a power line, said system comprising: a housing having at least one viewport; first automated means for detecting a magnetic field disturbance resulting from said lightning strike in the vicinity of said power line, said first automated means outputting a first signal representative of said lightning strike when said lightning strike is detected; second automated means for detecting light resulting from said lightning strike in the vicinity of said power line, said second automated means outputting a signal when light is detected; means for filtering said signal output from said second automated means, said filtering means outputting a second signal representative of said lightning strike when said output signal from said second automated means is above a preselected level; control means coupled to receive the output of said first automated means and the output of said filtering means, said control means outputting a third signal in response to receiving at least one of said first signal and said second signal; and means responsive to the output of said control means for visually recording said lightning strike and a subsequent lightning strike in a flash in the vicinity of said power line, said recording means being located within said housing adjacent said at least one viewport for visually recording said lightning flash through said viewport. 2. The automated system of claim 1, wherein said housing has a top, a bottom and at least one side wall, said housing including a plurality of viewports, each of said viewports being positioned in one of said top, said bottom and said side wall. 3. The automated system of claim 2, wherein saidrecording means includes a video camcorder, said video camcorder being located within said housing adjacent one of said viewports for visually recording of at least one of said lightning strike and said subsequent lightning strike in a flash through said viewport. 4. The automated system of claim 3, wherein said control means includes timing circuitry for controlling activation of said video camcorder to record at least one of said lightning strike and said subsequent lightning strike in a flash in the vicinity of said power line, said timing circuitry including means for continuing said camcorder activation for a preselected amount of time. 5. The automated system of claim 4, wherein said timing circuitry includes means for terminating said camcorder activation after said preselected amount of time. 6. The automated system of claim 5, wherein said timing circuitry includes a counter for tracking said preselected amount of time. 7. The automated system of claim 2, wherein said video camcorder includes means for time stamping and date stamping said visual recording of at least one of said lightning strike and said subsequent lightning strike in a flash. 8. The automated system of claim 2, wherein said recording means includes a plurality of video camcorders, each of said video camcorders being located within said housing adjacent one of said viewports for visual recording of at least one of said lightning strike and said subsequent lightning strike in a flash in the vicinity of said power line. 9. The automated system of claim 2, wherein said recording means includes a camera, said camera being located within said housing adjacent one of said viewports for visual photographing of at least one of said lightning strike and said subsequent lightning strike in a flash through one of said viewports, said recording means including means for calculating a light level and a shutter speed for said camera. 10. The automated system of claim 9, wherein said control means includes means for precalculating on a periodic basis said light level and said shutter speed for said camera, said control means including means for storing said precalculated light level and said precalculated shutter speed, said control means further including means for updating said stored light level and said stored shutter speed. 11. The automated system of claim 9, wherein said control means includes means for counting the number of photographs taken by said camera. 12. The automated system of claim 9, wherein said camera includes means for time stamping and date stamping each of said photographs of said lightning flash. 13. The automated system of claim 2, wherein said recording means includes a plurality of cameras located within said housing adjacent one of said viewports for visual photographing one of said lightning strike and said subsequent lightning strike in a flash through one of said viewports. 14. The automated system of claim 2, wherein said light detecting means is located within said housing adjacent one of said viewports for receiving light entering through at least one of said viewports. 15. The automated system of claim 2, wherein said recording means includes at least one camera and at least one video camcorder each located within said housing adjacent one of said viewports for at least one of visual photographing and visual recording of said lightning strike and said subsequent lightning strike in a flash through one of said viewports. 16. The automated system of claim 1, wherein said housing is constructed for mounting to a pole. 17. The automated system of claim 16, wherein said pole comprises a power pole. 18. The automated system of claim 1, wherein said housing is constructed such that said housing is capable of being free-standing. 19. The automated system of claim 1, further comprising first protective means, said first protective means coupled to said control means for protecting said control means from said first signal when said first signal is at a level greater than a preselected level. 20. The automated system of claim 1, further including third automated means for detecting current resulting from a lightning strike in the vicinity of said power line, said third automated means outputting a fourth signal representative of said lightning strike when current representative of a lightning strike is detected. 21. The automated system of claim 20, wherein said control means is further coupled to receive the output of said third automated means, said control means outputting said third signal in response to receiving at least one of said first signal, said second signal and said fourth signal. 22. The automated system of claim 20, further comprising second protective means, said second protective means coupled to said control means for protecting said control means from said fourth signal when said fourth signal is at a level greater than a preselected level. 23. The automated system of claim 1, further comprising means for supplying power to said system. 24. The automated system of claim 23, wherein said power supplying means includes a collector driven by solar power. 25. An automated system for detecting and recording lightning strikes in the vicinity of a power line, said system comprising: automated means for detecting a lightning strike in the vicinity of said power line, said automated detecting means outputting a first signal representative of said lightning strike when said lightning strike is detected; control means coupled to receive the output of said automated detecting means, said control means outputting a second signal in response to receipt of said first signal; means responsive to the output of said control means for visually recording at least one of said lightning strike and a subsequent lightning strike in a flash in the vicinity of said power line, said recording means including a video camcorder for visual recording of at least one of said lightning strike and said subsequent lightning strike in a flash; and wherein said control means includes timing circuitry for controlling activation of said camcorder to record at least one of said lightning strike and said subsequent lightning strike in a flash in the vicinity of said power line, said timing circuitry including means for continuing camcorder activation for a preselected amount of time. 26. The automated system of claim 25, wherein said timing circuitry includes means for terminating said camcorder activation after a preselected amount of time. 27. The automated system of claim 25, wherein said automated means includes at least one of means for detecting a magnetic field disturbance resulting from said lightning strike in the vicinity of said power line, means for detecting light resulting from said lightning strike in the vicinity of said power line and means for detecting current resulting from said lightning strike in the vicinity of said power line. 28. The automated system of claim 25, further comprising a housing having at least one viewport. 29. The automated system of claim 28, wherein said housing has a top, a bottom and at least one side wall, said housing including a plurality of viewports, each of said viewports being positioned in one of said top, said bottom and said side wall. 30. The automated system of claim 28, wherein said housing is constructed for mounting on a pole. 31. The automated system of claim 30, wherein said pole comprises a power pole. 32. The automated system of claim 30, wherein said housing is constructed such that said housing is capable of being free-standing. 33. The automated system of claim 25, wherein said recording means includes at least one of a video camcorder and a camera, said at least one of said video camcorder and camera being located within said housing adjacent one of said viewports for visual recording of at least one of said lightning strike and said subsequent lightning strike in a flash through said viewport. 34. An automated system for detecting and recording lightning strikes in the vicinity of a power line, said system comprising: a housing having a viewport; automated means for detecting a lightning strike in the vicinity of said power line, said automated detecting means outputting a first signal representative of said lightning strike when said lightning strike is detected; control means coupled to receive the output of said automated means, said control means outputting a second signal in response to receipt of said first signal; means responsive to the output of said control means for visually recording at least one of said lightning strike and a subsequent lightning strike in a flash in the vicinity of said power line, said recording means being located within said housing adjacent said viewport for visual recording of at least one of said lightning strike and said subsequent lightning strike in a flash through said viewport, said recording means including at least one camera having a light level and a shutter speed, said at least one camera being activated upon receipt of said second signal; and wherein said control means further includes means for precalculating said light level and said shutter speed on a periodic basis. 35. The automated system of claim 34, wherein said housing has a top, a bottom and at least one side wall, said housing including a plurality of viewports, each of said viewports being positioned in one of said top, said bottom and said side wall. 36. The automated system of claim 35, wherein said recording means includes a plurality of cameras, said cameras being located within said housing adjacent one of said viewports for visual photographing of said lightning strike and said subsequent lightning strike in a flash through one of said viewports. 37. The automated system of claim 34, wherein said control means further includes means for storing said precalculated light level and said precalculated shutter speed, said control means further including means for updating said stored light level and said stored shutter speed. 38. The automated system of claim 34, wherein said housing is constructed for mounting to a pole. 39. The automated system of claim 34, wherein said housing is constructed such that said housing is capable of being free-standing. 