A supplementary heat and air supply system for a building includes a solar panel mounted to the exterior of the building, and a solar panel duct extending between the solar panel and the return air manifold of the building's conventional heating system. A fan or blower is positioned within the solar panel duct. The solar panel has a fresh air intake to provide fresh outdoor air to the interior of the solar panel. During daytime hours, when the temperature of air within the solar panel attains a predetermined level, the blower is operated to supply the heated air to the interior of the structure through the solar panel duct, with the heated air being supplied through the return air manifold. When the building's furnace operates, it draws air from the return air manifold, which also acts to draw air from the solar panel through the solar panel duct. The system acts to pressurize the building's interior during operation of the blower, to deter seepage of gases, such as radon, into the building's interior. When the blower is not operating and the furnace is operating, the furnace draws air from the solar panel along with the indoor air. This additionally reduces the amount of pressure drop in the building interior, to again deter seepage of gases into the building.
Claims I claim: 1. A supplementary heating and air supply system for use with a conventional heating system including a furnace and a return air duct extending between the furnace and a return air inlet in communication with the interior of a structure, comprising: a solar panel mounted to the exterior of the structure and including a fresh air intake for receiving air from the exterior of the structure, and an outlet for discharging air from the solar panel; a solar panel duct having a first end in communication with the solar panel outlet and a second end in communication both directly with the interior of the structure and with the return duct adjacent to the return air inlet; and a blower for drawing air from the solar panel and supplying such air through the solar panel duct either directly to the interior of the structure or to the return duct; whereby operation of the blower supplies heated air from the solar panel through the solar panel duct either directly to the interior of the structure or to the return duct for discharge through the return air inlet into the interior of the structure, and whereby operation of the furnace draws air from the solar panel duct through the return duct. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel duct has its second end in communication with a return air cavity provided at the return air inlet, and wherein the return air duct extends between the return air cavity and the furnace. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the second end of the solar panel duct includes a first inlet/outlet opening located within the return air cavity and a second inlet/outlet opening located exteriorly of the return air cavity and within the interior of the structure. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the blower is located within the solar panel duct between the solar panel and the return air inlet. 5. A method of supplying supplementary heat and air for a conventional heating system including a furnace and a return air duct extending between the furnace and a return air inlet in communication with the interior of a structure, comprising the steps of: mounting a solar panel to the exterior of the structure, the solar panel having a fresh air intake for receiving air from the exterior of the structure, and further having an outlet for discharging air therefrom; placing the solar panel outlet in communication either directly with the interior of the structure or with the return air duct adjacent the return air inlet; supplying heated air under, pressure from the solar panel outlet to the interior of the structure when the temperature of air within the solar panel reaches a predetermined level; or drawing air from the solar panel through the return air duct upon operation of the furnace. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the step of placing the solar panel outlet in communication with the return air duct adjacent to the return air inlet comprises connecting a solar panel duct having a first end in communication with the solar panel outlet and a second end in communication with the return air inlet. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the return air inlet communicates through a return air cavity with the interior of the structure, and wherein the second end of the solar panel duct is provided with a first inlet/outlet opening and a second inlet/outlet opening, and is connected such that the first inlet/outlet opening is in communication with the return air cavity and the second inlet/outlet opening is located exteriorly of the return air cavity and communicates directly with the interior of the structure. 8. The method of claim 6, wherein the step of supplying heated air under pressure from the solar panel outlet comprises placing a blower within the solar panel duct and operating the blower to supply heated air to the second end of the solar panel duct. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the step of operating the blower is carried out when the temperature of the air within the solar panel reaches a predetermined level. 10. A method of reducing the concentration of a gas, such as radon, in the interior of a structure having a heating system including a furnace and a return air duct extending between the furnace and a return air inlet in communication with the interior of the structure, comprising the steps of: mounting a solar panel to the exterior of the structure, the solar panel having a first air intake for receiving air from the exterior of the structure, and further having an outlet for discharging air therefrom; placing the solar panel outlet in communication either directly with the interior of the structure or with the return air duct adjacent to the return air inlet; supplying heated air under pressure from the solar panel outlet to the interior of the structure when the temperature of air within the solar panel reaches a predetermined level, to thereby provide heated air to the interior of the structure and to pressurize the interior of the structure; or drawing air from the solar panel through the return air duct upon operation of the furnace, to decrease the amount of air drawn by the furnace from the interior of the structure. 