A system is disclosed comprised of several inputs in the soil that send a current into the soil and measure the resulting resistance in the soil. The soil resistance varies inversely with the level of moisture in the soil. Two voltage comparators are used to determine whether the soil has reached a pre-determined level of saturation or dryness. If the pre-determined level of dryness is exceeded, then a signal is sent through a switch and a latch, and activates the sprinkler solenoids. Once the pre-determined level of saturation is reached, a saturated signal is sent through the switch and latch in order to de-energize the solenoids. The system includes an over-watering prevention feature wherein a clock circuit is used so as to pulse the sprinklers in order to allow the water to permeate the soil between the sprinkler pulses.
Claims I claim: 1. An irrigation control device comprising: at least one sprinkler valve; at least one soil moisture sensor for measuring the level of moisture in the soil surrounding the sensor, the sensor being inserted into the soil in close proximity to the sprinkler valve; and circuit means responsive to the sensor for initiating at least one pulsed sprinkler cycle when the soil moisture sensor detects a low soil moisture level, and repeating the cycle until the sensor detects a saturated soil condition, and further wherein the pulsed sprinkler cycle is comprised of the activation of the sprinkler valve for a first predetermined time period, and a subsequent deactivation of the sprinkler valve for a second predetermined period of time; said circuit means further comprising means for applying current to the soil moisture sensor, means for measuring a resultant current from the moisture sensor, a current to voltage converter for converting the measured resultant current to a converted voltage, a dry threshold voltage comparator for comparing the converted voltage to a predetermined high voltage level, and producing a dry soil signal when the converted voltage is higher than the predetermined high voltage level, a saturated threshold voltage comparator for comparing the converted voltage to a predetermined low voltage level, and producing a saturated soil signal when the converted voltage is lower than the predetermined low voltage, and means for initiating the pulsed sprinkler cycle in response to the dry soil signal, and for terminating the pulsed sprinkler cycle in response to the saturated soil signal. 2. An irrigation control device in accordance with claim 1 wherein the soil moisture sensor is comprised of two spaced apart conductive plates. 3. An irrigation control device in accordance with claim 1 wherein the circuit means further comprises a clock circuit, and further wherein the clock circuit controls the sprinkler cycle so that the first predetermined period of time is approximately one and one-half minutes, and the second predetermined period of time is approximately ten minutes. 4. An irrigation control device in accordance with claim 1 wherein the current applying means applies alternating current to the sensor. 5. An irrigation control device in accordance with claim 1 wherein a plurality of sensors are used, and a plurality of sprinkler valves are used, wherein at least one of the sprinkler valves corresponds to each of the sensors, and further wherein the circuit means further includes; an input selector for sequentially selecting one of the soil moisture sensors as a selected sensor; means for storing a low soil moisture signal indicating a low soil moisture condition and a saturated soil signal for indicating a saturated soil condition for the selected sensor; means for scanning the storage means for reading the signal stored for the selected sensor; and means for initiating the sprinkler cycle in response to reading a scanned stored low soil moisture signal, and repeating the cycle until a saturated soil signal is read. 6. An irrigation control device in accordance with claim 1 wherein the circuit means further comprises means for deactivating the device during the period of time after sunrise and before sunset. 7. An irrigation control device in accordance with claim 1 wherein the circuit means further comprises means for automatically deactivating the device when rainfall is detected. 8. An irrigation control device in accordance with claim 1 wherein the circuit means further comprises means for initiating at least one sprinkler cycle when a predetermined level of ambient heat is detected. 9. An irrigation control device in accordance with claim 1 wherein the circuit means further comprises a booster circuit for allowing low power operation of the sprinkler valve after the initial activation of the valve. 10. An irrigation control device in accordance with claim 1 wherein the device further includes a power supply, the power supply comprising: a plurality of nickel cadium batteries; and a solar powered battery recharger. 11. A multichannel irrigation control system for an area having a plurality of zones comprising: a plurality of sprinkler valves, at least one of the sprinkler valves being located in each of the zones; a plurality of soil moisture sensors, at least one of the sensors being located in each of the zones, wherein each of the soil moisture sensors corresponds to one of the sprinkler valves; circuit means for monitoring the soil moisture sensors and selectively activating said sprinkler valves; said circuit means further comprising: an input selector for sequentially selecting one of the soil moisture sensors as a selected sensor; means for applying current to the selected sensor; means for measuring a resultant current from across the selected sensor; a current to voltage converter for converting the resultant current to a converted voltage; a dry threshold voltage comparator for comparing the converted voltage level to a predetermined high voltage level, and producing a dry signal when the voltage is higher than the predetermined high voltage level; a saturated threshold voltage comparator for comparing the converted voltage level to a predetermined low voltage level, and producing a saturated signal when the voltage is lower than the predetermined low voltage level; means for storing the dry signal and the saturated signal for the selected sensor; means for scanning the storage means for reading the stored signals; and means for initiating at least one pulsed sprinkler cycle in response to reading a scanned stored dry signal, and repeating the cycle until a saturated signal is read, and further wherein the pulsed sprinkler cycle is comprised of activation of the sprinkler valve for a first predetermined period of time, and a subsequent deactivation of the sprinkler valve for a second predetermined period of time. 12. An irrigation control system in accordance with claim 11 wherein said soil moisture sensors are each comprised of two spaced apart conductive plates. 13. An irrigation control system in accordance with claim 11 wherein the current applied to the sensors is an alternating current. 14. An irrigation control system in accordance with claim 11 wherein the circuit means further comprises means for deactivating the system during the hours after sunrise and before sunset. 15. An irrigation control system in accordance with claim 11 wherein the circuit means further comprises means for automatically deactivating the system when rainfall is detected. 16. An irrigation control system in accordance with claim 11 wherein the circuit means further comprises means for initiating at least one pulsed sprinkler cycle when a predetermined level of ambient heat is detected. 17. An irrigation control system in accordance with claim 11 wherein the circuit means further comprises a booster circuit for allowing low power operation of the valves after the initial activation of the valves. 18. A method of controlling an irrigation system comprising the steps of: inserting soil moisture sensors into the ground, the sensors being spaced apart conductive plates; installing at least one corresponding sprinkler in close proximity to each of the sensors; applying current across the plates of the soil moisture sensor; measuring the resulting current; converting the resulting current to a voltage; comparing the voltage to a predetermined dry voltage level to produce a dry signal when the voltage reaches the predetermined dry voltage level corresponding to undesired soil dryness; comparing the voltage to a predetermined saturation voltage level to produce a saturated signal when the voltage reaches the predetermined saturation voltage level corresponding to soil saturation; activating a pulsed sprinkler cycle when the dry signal is detected; and deactivating the pulsed sprinkler cycle when the saturated signal is detected. 19. A method of controlling an irrigation system in accordance with claim 18 wherein alternating current is applied across the plates. 