A solar powered light adapted to be mounted under the eaves of a building, a wall or the like for use in security applications. In a preferred embodiment of the present invention, the solar powered light comprises an adjustable configuration having a lamp with an infrared detector or sensor rotatably mounted thereto and a photovoltaic or solar cell array rotatably disposed at a remote end of an extension arm movably attached to the lamp. Such a flexible arrangement allows the photovoltaic array to be positioned to receive direct sunlight. The sensor activates the solar powered light upon sensing infrared to illuminate the surrounding areas when a presence is sensed and turn it off when a presence is no longer sensed. In accordance with a second embodiment, the solar powered light does not include an infrared detector and provides continuous illumination for a given period of time. In accordance with a third embodiment, the solar powered light does not include an infrared detector, but includes a battery having a higher capacity configured to provide illumination for extended periods of time. In accordance with a fourth embodiment, the solar powered light is configured to be used directly with a user's battery. The solar powered light utilizes a compact fluorescent bulb and circuitry for providing longer lamp life, instantaneous illumination and eliminating flickering during start up.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered light, comprising: a lamp having an adjustable configuration and adapted to be mounted to a surface, said lamp having a housing with a battery disposed therein; at least one extension arm adjustably attached to said housing; and a photovoltaic array generating power upon receiving sunlight and transferring the power to said battery, said photovoltaic array adjustably mounted to one end of said extension arm remote from said lamp, said extension arm rotatably adjustable to position said photovoltaic array to receive direct sunlight. 2. A solar powered light as defined in claim 1, additionally comprising: a sensor rotatably mounted to said lamp, said sensor activating said lamp upon sensing infrared radiation. 3. A solar powered light as defined in claim 2, wherein said sensor deactivates said lamp when said infrared radiation is not sensed after a preselected period of time. 4. A solar powered light as defined in claim 1 wherein said comprises a compact fluorescent bulb. 5. A solar powered light as defined in claim 1, wherein said battery is a lead acid battery having a capacity of 6.5 ampere-hours. 6. A solar powered light as defined in claim 1, wherein said battery is a lead acid battery having a capacity of 10 ampere-hours. 7. A solar powered light as defined in claim 1, wherein said battery is a user's battery and said lamp is configured to directly connect to the user's battery. 8. A solar powered light as defined in claim 2, further comprising: at least one amplifier stage coupled to said sensor, said amplifier stage amplifying a bipolar signal received from said sensor upon sensing infrared radiation. 9. A solar powered light as defined in claim 8, wherein a variable resistor in said amplifier stage is varied to prevent activating said light. 10. A solar powered light as defined in claim 8, further comprising: a timer circuit coupled to said sensor, said timer circuit activating said lamp when said sensor senses infrared radiation. 11. A solar powered light as defined in claim 10, further comprising a sensor adjust circuit coupled to a light sensor for generating a resistance in the presence of light, said sensor adjust circuit adjusting the sensitivity of said light sensor to operate in the presence of an extraneous light source. 12. A solar powered light as defined in claim 11, further comprising: a comparator circuit coupled to said light sensor, said comparator circuit resetting said timer circuit when said light sensor detects light. 13. A solar powered light as defined in claim 12, further comprising a voltage detection circuit coupled to said battery, said voltage detection circuit disabling said lamp when a voltage produced by said battery drops below a preselected voltage and enabling said lamp when said voltage rises above a second preselected voltage. 14. A solar powered light as defined in claim 13, further comprising an AC generation circuit coupled to said lamp, said AC generation circuit generating alternating current sufficient to cause said lamp to emit light. 15. A solar powered light as defined in claim 1, further comprising: a means for supplying current to a cathode of said lamp for a short period of time to allow said lamp cathode to be heated by a lamp cathode heater circuit coupled to said lamp. 16. A solar powered light, comprising: a lamp having an adjustable configuration and adapted to be mounted to a surface, said lamp having a housing with a battery disposed therein; at least one extension arm adjustably attached to said housing; a photovoltaic array generating power upon receiving sunlight and transferring the power to said battery, said photovoltaic array adjustably mounted to one end of said extension arm remote from said lamp, said extension arm rotatably adjustable to position said photovoltaic array to receive direct sunlight; a light source; a reflector portion disposed about said light source; a lens portion secured to said reflector portion; and means for movably mounting said reflector portion to said housing, said reflector portion rotatable in a horizontal and vertical direction to focus light from said light source at a desired location. 17. A solar powered light defined in claim 16, wherein said reflector portion rotates substantially 180.degree. in said horizontal and vertical directions. 18. A solar powered light comprising: a lamp having an adjustable configuration and adapted to be mounted to a surface, said lamp having a housing with a battery disposed therein; at least one extension arm adjustably attached to said housing; a photovoltaic array generating power upon receiving sunlight and transferring the power to said battery, said photovoltaic array adjustably mounted to one end of said extension arm remote from said lamp, said extension arm rotatably adjustable to position said photovoltaic array to receive direct sunlight; a joint member disposed on said housing, said extension arm adjustably secured to said housing disposing said joint member in an interlocking arrangement with corresponding members formed in said extension arm; and means for retaining said interlocked arrangement, the extension arm being adjusted by removing said retaining means and rotating said extension arm to a new desired position and then inserting said retaining means in place. 19. A solar powered light as defined in claim 1, further comprising: a mounting flange adapted to mount said housing under the eave of a roof. 20. A solar powered light, comprising: a lamp having an adjustable configuration and adapted to be mounted to a surface, said lamp having a housing with a battery disposed therein; at least one extension arm adjustably attached to said housing; a photovoltaic array generating power upon receiving sunlight and transferring the power to said battery, said photovoltaic array adjustably mounted to one end of said extension arm remote from said lamp, said extension arm rotatably adjustable to position said photovoltaic array to receive direct sunlight; a mounting flange adapted to mount said housing on a round pole to illuminate surrounding areas, said mounting bracket having a configuration defining a groove defined to accommodate a round pole, said configuration terminating in projecting members having apertures aligned with corresponding apertures in said housing to receive securing means therethrough. 21. A solar powered light as defined in claim 20, wherein said configuration comprises retaining ears adapted to accommodate a square pole therethrough. 22. A solar powered light, comprising: a photovoltaic array generating power upon receiving sunlight and transferring the power to a battery, said photovoltaic array mounted to receive direct sunlight and maintain said battery in a charged condition; a lamp providing illumination upon receiving power from the battery, said lamp having cathodes; an AC generation circuit coupled to said lamp, said AC generation circuit generating alternating current sufficient to cause said lamp to emit light when said alternating current is applied to said cathodes; and a lamp cathode heater circuit coupled to said lamp comprising a means for supplying current to said lamp cathodes for only a short period of time to allow said lamp cathodes to be heated only prior to illuminating. 23. A solar powered light as defined in claim 22, wherein said supplying means comprises a resistance means for receiving current and providing heat to said lamp cathodes. 24. A solar powered light as defined in claim 22, wherein said supplying means comprises a relay means for supplying current to said lamp cathodes. 25. A solar powered light as defined in claim 22, wherein said lamp cathode heater circuit supplies current to said lamp cathodes only when said lamp cathodes are cold. 26. A solar powered light as defined in claim 22, additionally comprising: a sensor rotatably mounted to said lamp, said sensor activating said lamp upon sensing infrared radiation. 27. A solar powered light as defined in claim 26, wherein said sensor deactivates said lamp when said infrared radiation is not sensed after a preselected period of time. 28. A solar powered light as defined in claim 22, wherein said light comprises a compact fluorescent bulb. 29. A solar powered light as defined in claim 22, wherein said battery is a lead acid battery having a capacity of 6.5 ampere-hours. 30. A solar powered light as defined in claim 22, wherein said battery is a lead acid battery having a capacity of 10 ampere-hours. 31. A solar powered light as defined in claim 22, wherein said battery is a user's battery and said lamp is configured to directly connect to the user's battery. 32. A solar powered light as defined in claim 26, further comprising: at least one amplifier stage coupled to said sensor, said amplifier stage sensitizing a bipolar signal received from said sensor upon sensing infrared radiation. 33. A solar powered light as defined in claim 32, wherein a variable resistor in said amplifier stage is varied to prevent activating said light. 34. A solar powered light as defined in claim 33, further comprising: a timer circuit coupled to said sensor, said timer circuit activating said lamp when said sensor senses infrared radiation. 35. A solar powered light as defined in claim 34, further comprising a light sensor, said light sensor generating a resistance in the presence of light. 36. A solar powered light as defined in claim 35, further comprising a sensor adjust circuit coupled to said light sensor, said sensor adjust circuit adjusting the sensitivity of said light sensor to operate in the presence of an extraneous light source. 37. A solar powered light as defined in claim 36, further comprising: a comparator circuit coupled to said light sensor, said comparator circuit resetting said timer circuit when said light sensor detects light. 