In an opto-electronic detector apparatus, particularly of a yarn storage and feeder apparatus, for detecting at least one yarn or yarn section moving transversely of its longitudinal direction in a detection field, said apparatus comprising a light source, a receiver surface, a photoelectric cell for generating an output signal, and an optical system, the optical system is an optical imaging system (A) having a focus depth defining a predetermined depth (T) of said detection field, and a field of vision of limited dimensions at least in the direction of its width (B), the receiver surface (16) being disposed in the vicinity of the focal plane of the optical imaging system (A), so that said imaging system (A) produced a clear image on the receiver surface (16).
Claims We claim: 1. In a yarn detector apparatus of a yarn storage and feeder device for yarn which is moved transversely to its longitudinal direction through a detection field and whose presence in the detection field is intended to be detected, including a light source and a light-sensitive receiver surface which is associated with at least one photovoltaic cell generating a working signal when the yarn passes the detection field, and an optical system positioned between the light source and the receiver surface, the improvement comprising wherein said optical system includes imaging optics having a depth of focus at the side of a detection field to define a predetermined depth of the detection field, and having a field of vision which is restricted at least in width which approximately corresponds to the width of the yarn, and wherein said receiver surface is located within the sharp focus depth of said imaging optics. 2. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic cell comprises a digital image converter for the sharp image on the receiver surface. 3. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the width of the detection field is a predetermined degree greater than the width of the yarn. 4. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the width of the receiver surface is a predetermined degree greater than the width of the image of the yarn. 5. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the receiver surface is associated to a plurality of photovoltaic cells or light-sensitive elements arranged in a CCD detector arrangement to act as an image converter matrix, and connected to a control circuit for the sequential scanning of the matrix. 6. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 1, including an image converter which includes the receiver surface, wherein the image converter has at least one photoelectric point element, and wherein the dimension of the photoelectric point element as viewed transversely to the yarn corresponds approximately to the dimension of the image in this direction. 7. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 6, wherein the image converter comprises a linear or two-dimensional matrix of photoelectric point elements adapted to be scanned either individually or sequentially. 8. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 7, wherein the matrix has a greater dimension in the scanning direction than the image. 9. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 5, wherein the control circuit of the image converter includes a limiter component selectively operable to deactivate at least individual photoelectric point elements. 10. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 1, including an image converter which includes the receiver surface, wherein the image converter permits the position of an imaging boundary on said receiver surface to be determined from the image, and an additional working signal representative of the position of the image on the receiver surface to be generated. 11. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 1, including an image converter which includes the receiver surface, wherein the image converter permits displacements of the imaging boundaries over the receiver surface to be detected by sequential scanning, and to be converted into working signals representative of the respective speed of such displacement. 12. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the imaging optics comprises an objective preferably including a collective lens. 13. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 12, wherein said objective has at least one diaphragm or stop aperture disposed therein. 14. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 12, wherein the objective includes a lens combination composed of a plurality of lenses inclusive of at least one collective lens. 15. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 12, wherein the collective lens is a plano-convex, a biconvex or a meniscus lens. 16. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 12, wherein the objective is adjustable for varying the depth of focus, the boundaries of the detection field and/or the imaging size. 17. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the imaging optics contains a reflector component. 18. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the imaging optics includes at least one stop aperture in the path of the light beam, the diameter of the stop aperture being smaller than the width of the detection field. 19. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 1, wherein a diaphragm is adjustable or replaceable by another diaphragm having an aperture of different size. 20. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the detection field is in the form of a part of an annular gap. 21. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 20, wherein the part of the annular gap is provided between a storage surface and an outer ring of a yarn measuring component of the yarn storage and feeder device, and that the yarn detector apparatus is disposed in said ring. 22. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 1, wherein for monitoring the yarn store provided on a storage surface of the yarn storage and feeder device the yarn detector apparatus is mounted on the device and is directed onto the storage surface from an outside location. 23. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 1, wherein yarn detector apparatus is mounted on the yarn storage and feeder device at a stationary position relative to the rotatable winding element with which the yarn storage and feeder device is equipped, and is directed onto the yarn leaving the outlet of the winding element, or onto the first yarn winding on the storage surface. 24. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 1, wherein there is provided a coherent light source, for emitting a light beam through the detection field and onto the receiver surface to directly form the image on the receiver surface. 25. Yarn detector apparatus according to claim 1, wherein on the side of the yarn, the focus of the objective, or of the collective lens, respectively, is located between the objective and the detection field, and at most in said detection field. 26. In a yarn storage and feeder device which includes an optoelectronic yarn detector apparatus for yarn which is moved transversely to its longitudinal direction through a detection field and whose presence in the detection field is intended to be detected, said opto-electronic yarn detector including a light source and a light-sensitive receiver surface which is associated with at least one photovoltaic cell generating a working signal when the yarn passes the detection field, and an optical system positioned between the light source and the receiver surface, the improvement comprising wherein the optical system includes imaging optics having a depth of focus at the side of the detection field to define a predetermined depth of the detection field, and having a field of vision which is restricted at least in width which approximately corresponds to the width of the yarn, and wherein the receiver surface is located within the sharp focus depth of the imaging optics. 