A fairing and utility assembly, to be mounted on a bicycle, the assembly including a front fairing assembly and a rear tail assembly, wherein the front fairing assembly includes a headlight, turn signals, and a dash light, with switches therefor mounted on a dashboard portion along side a cigarette lighter and a car stereo type audio source, which has a pair of speakers connected thereto and mounted above the dash in the front fairing. The front fairing includes a junction box from which the various utility functions receive electrical power, which is connected by a power input cable to a rechargeable motorcycle battery which is located in one of two compartments of the rear tail assembly, which further includes a rear light connected to the switches on the dashboard portion, an antenna for the car stereo type audio source, and a pair of aerodynamic fins attached to opposite sides of the rear tail assembly.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. For mounting on a bicycle; a fairing and utility assembly comprising: a front fairing assembly and a rear tail assembly, said front fairing assembly including a hollow aerodynamic shell, a junction box mounted internally to a lower surface of said shell, which distributes electrical power from one source to a plurality of outputs, a plurality of switching means mounted to said shell and being electrically connected to said plurality of outputs from said junction box, a plurality of light and signal means electrically interconnected to said plurality of switching means, a car stereo audio source mounted to said shell and being electrically connected to said junction box, said car stereo audio source being further connected to at least one speaker, said junction box in said shell of aid front fairing assembly being connected to a battery source in said rear tail assembly, said rear tail assembly including a front compartment and a rear compartment, mounting means for mounting said front fairing assembly and said rear tail assembly to the bicycle, said mounting means including a plurality of L-shaped support brackets which are clamped to the bicycle handle bars and bolted to said shell, and a support bar secured to said shell and the bicycle's handlebar support bracket, and said mounting means further including a plurality of brackets to fasten said rear tail assembly to a standard bicycle rack secured to the bicycle. 2. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said shell includes an inner face and an outer surface. 3. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 2 wherein said inner face includes an upper portion and a lower dashboard portion. 4. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 3 wherein said mounting means includes dashboard mounting means for securing said lower dashboard portion to said shell. 5. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 4 wherein said front fairing assembly includes a transparent windshield secured to an upper edge of said upper portion of said inner face. 6. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 5 wherein said shell is made of fiberglass. 7. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 6 wherein said junction box includes a fuse to prevent a power overload. 8. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 7 wherein said junction box includes a power input cable which extends from said junction box in said front fairing to said battery source in said rear tail assembly, so as to transmit power to said junction box. 9. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 8 wherein said battery source includes a 12-volt motorcycle battery. 10. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 9 wherein said battery source is rechargeable. 11. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 10 wherein said battery source includes recharging means. 12. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 11 wherein said recharging means includes solar collectors. 13. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 12 wherein said rear tail assembly as adapted to receive saddle bags thereover. 14. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 13 wherein said solar collectors are mounted on said saddle bags. 15. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 8 wherein said switching means includes an exterior light switch mounted in said lower dashboard panel. 16. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 15 wherein said light and signal means includes a headlight mounted to a front portion of said outer surface and electrically connected to said exterior light switch. 17. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 16 wherein said light and signal means includes a rear light mounted in a back face of said rear tail assembly and electrically connected to said exterior light switch. 18. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 17 wherein said switching means includes a horn switch mounted in said lower dashboard panel. 19. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 18 wherein said light and signal means includes a horn mounted to said front fairing assembly and electrically connected to said horn switch. 20. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 19 wherein said switching means includes a turn signal switch mounted in said lower dashboard panel. 21. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 20 wherein said light and signal means includes a left turn signal light and a right turn signal light mounted to a left and right side of said shell, respectively, and electrically connected to said turn signal switch. 22. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 21 wherein said switching means includes a dash light switch mounted in said lower dashboard panel. 23. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 22 wherein said light and signal means includes a dash light mounted in said lower dashboard panel and electrically connected to said dash light switch. 24. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 23 wherein said lower dashboard panel includes an electrical cigarette lighter mounted thereon which is electrically connected to said junction box. 25. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 24 wherein said car stereo audio source includes an antenna mounted on said rear tail assembly. 26. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 25 wherein there are two of said speakers connected to said car stereo audio source, which are mounted to said upper portion of said inner face in a generally side-by-side relation. 27. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 26 wherein said front compartment and said rear compartment in said rear tail assembly include hingedly attached doors thereon. 28. A fairing and utility assembly as recited in claim 27 wherein said rear tail assembly includes a pair of aerodynamic fins attached to opposite sides thereof. 29. For mounting on a bicycle; a fairing and utility assembly comprising: a front fairing assembly and a rear tail assembly, said front fairing assembly including a hollow aerodynamic shell, said aerodynamic shell including an inner face and an outer surface, said inner face including an upper portion and a lower dashboard portion, dash mounting means for removably securing said lower dashboard portion to said shell, a junction box mounted internally to a lower surface of said shell, which distributes electrical power from one source to a plurality of outputs, a headlight housed within said shell and protruding outwardly from a front portion of said outer surface so as to provide illumination in front of the bicycle, said headlight electrically interconnected within said shell to an exterior light switch, said exterior light switch further electrically interconnected with said junction box, said exterior light switch being mounted in said lower dashboard portion of said inner face such that a switching means of said exterior light switch protrudes partially therefrom, a car stereo audio source mounted in said lower dashboard portion of said inner face such that said audio source's on/off knob, tuning knob, and front face protrude from said lower dashboard portion of said inner face, said car stereo audio source electrically interconnected within said shell to said junction box, said car stereo audio source further connected within said shell to at least one speaker, said speaker mounted in said upper portion of said inner face such that sound is transmitted outwardly from said shell, shell mounting means for mounting said shell to the bicycle handle bar and handle bar support bracket, a horn attached to an exterior portion of said shell mounting means, said horn being electrically interconnected within said shell to a horn switch, said horn switch being mounted to said lower dashboard portion of said inner face such that a switch button protrudes therefrom, said horn being further electrically connected to said junction box, said junction box including a power input cable, said power input cable connected to a battery source in said rear tail assembly, said rear tail assembly including a front compartment and a rear compartment, said battery source being positioned within said front compartment, which is sized to securely hold said battery source, said front compartment including a first hingedly attached door, said rear compartment including a second hingedly attached door, a rear light mounted in a back face of said rear tail assembly so as to protrude from said rear tail assembly and be clearly visible to vehicles behind the bicycle, said rear light being electrically interconnected to said exterior light switch, rear mounting means for mounting said rear tail assembly to a standard bicycle rack, and aerodynamic fins attached to opposite sides of said rear tail assembly. 30. For mounting on a bicycle; a fairing and utility assembly comprising: a front fairing assembly and a rear tail assembly, a junction box mounted within said front fairing assembly which distributes electrical power from one source to a plurality of outputs, said junction box in said front fairing assembly being connected to a battery source in said rear tail assembly, mounting means for mounting said front fairing assembly to a front of the bicycle and said rear tail assembly to a rear of the bicycle above a rear tire thereof, said mounting means including a plurality of L-shaped support brackets clamped to the bicycle handlebars and to said front fairing assembly, and said mounting means further including a support bar secured to said front fairing assembly and the bicycle's handlebar support brackets. 