By means of the process and by means of the apparatus, fused silicon is produced continuously, or in phases, and zonally cast into a mold in which it is caused to solidify zonally. The temperature conditions in the solidification zone are controlled with the aid of a movable heating zone, by means of which the crystallization front is adjusted to the rising level that fills up the mold, this level being in turn controlled by the fusion rate of the silicon. Polycrystalline silicon blocks can be obtained in which, because of the flat shape of the crystallization front, the columnar single-crystal domains within the blocks extend almost vertically and which represent an excellent solar cell base material having high diffusion lengths and lifetimes of the minority charge carriers, from which solar cells of correspondingly high efficiencies can be produced.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A process for casting polycrystalline silicon blocks as a base material for solar cells, comprising: gradually fusing solid silicon in a melting station by supplying heating power to the melting station; releasing the fused silicon therefrom continuously, or in phases into a mold, said mold having a bottom and a bottom region, thereby causing an increasing filling level of the mold with molten silicon; after covering said mold bottom with molten silicon, starting the solidification of silicon from the mold bottom, thereby generating a crystallization front between solidified and fused silicon; stabilizing said crystallization front with an energy supply to a heating zone surrounding said bottom region of the mold; moving the crystallization front in the direction of the increasing filling level of the mold by a relative movement between the mold and the heating zone, the crystallization front being held within the heating zone; controlling a melt level of the molten silicon superimposed upon the crystallization front by matching the quantity of molten silicon released from the melting station to the energy supply to the heating zone; stopping the feeding of molten silicon into the mold after the intended filling level has been reached; and causing the remaining molten silicon in the mold to crystallize so that a completely solidified silicon block having approximately vertically oriented crystallites is obtained. 2. The process as claimed in claim 1, comprising stabilizing the crystallization front at an essentially flat shape. 3. The process as claimed in claim 1, comprising holding the melt level of the molten silicon superposed upon the crystallization front within the range from 20 to 50 mm. 4. The process as claimed in claim 1, comprising monitoring the filling level of the mold by its increase in weight. 5. The process as claimed in claim 1, wherein the heating zone has a height, and the mold has an external diameter; and the height of the heating zone corresponds to 0.1 to 0.5 times the external diameter of the mold. 6. The process as claimed in claim 1, wherein the crystallization front is moved at a rate of up to 4 mm/minute. 