An ornament and display rotator has a reduction geared rotational shaft (3) of a miniature motor (2) extended from an apex (4) of a cone-shaped housing (1). Ornament and display attachment means (14, 17, 18, 23, 24, 51) adaptable to a wide variety of ornaments (6) and other objects for rotation are provided on the rotational shaft (3). Linear bearing (25, 29) means also is provided as needed for vertical load bearing relationship between the apex (4) of the cone (1) and the rotational shaft (3). Adaptable means for attachment of the base (9) of the cone-shaped housing (1) to a wide variety of objects and structures is provided. The cone-shaped housing (1) is adaptable to stored energy motors (47) and gas powered motors (42) in addition to small electrical motors (2).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An ornament and display rotator having: a cone-shaped structure comprised of two linear half shell cones into which internal components of the ornament and display rotator are positioned, a means for holding the two linear half shell cones together in matching alignment, a rotational motor positioned inside of the cone-shaped structure, a geared rotational shaft extended axially from the rotational motor through a vertical apex of the cone-shaped structure, a means for attaching items to be rotated onto the geared rotational shaft, a cone base on a vertical bottom of the cone-shaped structure, and a means for attaching the cone-shaped structure to other structures on which the ornament and display rotator is positioned for rotating select ornament and display items. 2. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 1, wherein an interior framework of the cone-shaped structure is comprised of compartment walls surrounding compartments which house the internal components of the ornament and display rotator. 3. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 2, wherein the compartment walls are separated from cone walls of the coneshaped structure by selectively angled spaces which provide structural integrity with low weight for use on fragile and easily bendable structures. 4. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 1 and further comprising: a mounting shaft of predetermined size and shape for mounting the rotator to a fixed object, the mounting shaft extended vertically downward from the base of the cone-shaped structure. 5. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the rotational motor is a miniature electrical motor designed to be powered electrically by electrical output from a conventional Christmas tree light socket and further comprising: electrical wires in electrical communication between the rotational motor and an electrical plug insertable into a Christmas tree light plug. 6. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the rotational motor is a miniature electrical motor designed to be powered by at least one battery positional in the cone-shaped structure and further comprising: electrical communication means in electrical communication between the rotational motor and the battery. 7. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the rotational motor is a miniature spring power stored energy motor designed to be powered by a coil spring positional in the cone-shaped structure and further comprising: rotational gearing means in gear drive relationship between the rotational motor and the coil spring. 8. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the rotational motor is a miniature gas powered motor designed to be powered by compressed gas and further comprising: a compressed gas supply means in fluid communication with the miniature gas powered motor. 9. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 8 wherein the compressed gas supply means is a pressure tank positional in the cone-shaped structure. 10. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 8, wherein the compressed gas supply means is a remote pressure tank in fluid communication with an air compressor. 11. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the means for attaching items to be rotated onto the geared rotational shaft is an attachable extension of the geared rotational shaft having a cross-shaped cross section which is fittable into attachment orifices in ornaments and displays for rotation. 12. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the means for attaching items to be rotated onto the geared rotational shaft is an attachable extension of the geared rotational shaft having a cylindrical cross section which is fittable into attachment orifices in ornaments and displays for rotation and further comprising: a rotary table at a center of which is extended the attachable extension of the geared rotational shaft proximate a position of attachment of the attachable extension of the geared rotational shaft to the geared rotational shaft, the rotary table providing a platform on which items to be rotated are positional at an outside periphery of the attachable extension of the geared rotational shaft, and at least one anchor key extended vertically from a top surface of the rotary table to resist transverse rotational travel of items positioned on the rotary table and having the attachable extension of the geared rotational shaft inserted in an attachment bay in the items positioned on the rotary table for rotation. 13. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 12, wherein the attachable extension of the geared rotational shaft is threaded on its outside diameter to match threading on inside diameters of items positional on the geared rotational shaft for rotation. 14. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 1, wherein a bottom surface of a rotary table on the geared rotational shaft is in slidable contact with the apex of the cone-shaped structure such that the apex of the cone-shaped structure provides a linear load bearing relationship to the rotary table to support weight of the rotary table and weight of items positioned on the rotary table without transmitting such weights to the geared rotational shaft and to gear and motor components in rotational drive relationship to the geared rotational shaft. 15. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 14, and further comprising: a bearing cap positional on the apex of the cone-shaped structure at an outside periphery of the geared rotational shaft, wherein the bottom surface of the rotary table being in slidable contact with an apex of the bearing cap such that the apex of the bearing cap provides a linear load bearing relationship to the rotary table to transmit support of weight of the rotary table and weight of items positioned on the rotary table to the cone-shaped structure without transmitting such weights to the geared rotational shaft and to gear and motor components in rotational drive relationship to the geared rotational shaft. 16. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the means for attaching the cone-shaped structure to other structures comprising: a rotator attachment bay extended axially from the cone base for insertion of projections on which the ornament and display rotator is positioned. 17. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the means for attaching the cone-shaped structure to other structures comprising: a rotator attachment base attachable to an outside periphery of the cone-shaped structure at select positions vertically below a maximum diameter periphery of the cone-shaped structure. 18. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 17, wherein the rotator attachment base is attachable to the outside periphery of the cone-shaped structure by means of a circumferential strap attached to a rotator attachment table, the circumferential strap having circumferential length adjustment means positional snugly in frictional grasp relationship to the outside periphery of the cone-shaped structure. 19. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 18, wherein the cone-shaped structure has a major diameter outside periphery at an axial position below which is a selectively tapered smaller diameter of the cone-shaped structure such that upward travel of the circumferential length adjustment means can be arrested to prevent the cone-shaped structure from slipping downward and out of the circumferential strap. 20. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 17 and further comprising: fastener orifices in the rotator attachment base. 21. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 1 and further comprising: a rotator side fastener attachable to the outside periphery of the cone-shaped structure by means of a circumferential strap having circumferential length adjustment means positional snugly in frictional grasp relationship to the outside periphery of the cone-shaped structure. 22. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 21, wherein the cone-shaped structure has a major diameter outside periphery at an axial position below which is a selectively tapered smaller diameter of the cone-shaped structure such that upward travel of the circumferential length adjustment means can be arrested to prevent the cone-shaped structure from slipping downward and out of the circumferential strap. 23. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the rotational motor is a miniature electrical motor designed to be powered by electrical current from a solar cell and further comprising: a solar cell positioned in the cone-shaped structure, and electrical lines in electrical communication between the solar cell and the miniature electrical motor. 24. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the means for attaching items to be rotated onto the geared rotational shaft is a cone-shaped shaft insertional into a matching cone-shaped attachment bay in ornaments and displays for rotation. 25. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the means for holding the two linear half shell cones ether in matching alignment is adhesive material positioned on mating surfaces of the two linear half shell cones. 26. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 25, wherein the means for holding the two linear half shell cones together in matching alignment is a bearing cap positioned on a top outside periphery of each of the two linear half shell cones and a circumferential member positioned on a bottom outside periphery when the two linear half shell cones are in matching surface to surface relationship. 27. A ornament and display rotator having: a cone-shaped structure, a rotational motor positioned inside of the cone-shaped structure, a geared rotational shaft extended axially from the rotational motor through a vertical apex of the cone-shaped structure, a means for attaching items to be rotated onto the geared rotational shaft, a cone base on a vertical bottom of the cone-shaped structure, a means for attaching the cone-shaped structure to other structures on which the ornament and display rotator is positioned for rotating select ornament and display items, and wherein the means for attaching the cone-shaped structure to other structures on which the ornament and display rotator is positional is a cone-shaped bay in the cone base in the bottom of the coneshaped structure for rigidly center positioning a terminal end of an elongated object therein and a spacer positional circumferentially between an outside periphery of the elongated object and an inside periphery of the cone-shaped bay at a position selectively near an entrance to the cone-shaped bay for holding the elongated object rigidly near the entrance to the coneshaped bay. 28. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 27, wherein the spacer is an O-ring. 29. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 27 and further comprising: a double attachment plug having a cone-shaped end fittable into the cone-shaped bay on one end of the double attachment plug and an attachment shaft on an opposite end of the double attachment plug. 30. An ornament and display rotator as claimed in claim 29 and further comprising: an attachment base plate positional on the attachment shaft. 31. An ornament and display rotator having: a cone-shaped structure, a rotational motor positioned inside of the cone-shaped structure, a geared rotational shaft extended axially from the rotational motor through a vertical apex of the cone-shaped structure, a means for attaching items to be rotated onto the geared rotational shaft, a cone base on a vertical bottom of the cone-shaped structure, a means for attaching the cone-shaped structure to other structures on which the ornament and display rotator is positioned for rotating select ornament and display items, and wherein a bottom surface of the cone-shaped structure is magnetic for adherence to metallic surfaces as the means for attaching the coneshaped structure to other structures on which the ornament and display rotator is positioned for rotating select ornament and display items. 