A portable video cassette camera or minicam, preferably a palmcorder, is placed within a vehicle so as to monitor the activity within the passenger compartment. The minicam is contained in a box fastened to a wall within the vehicle so as to prevent the theft of the minicam. The minicam is mounted on a base adapted to fit snugly inside the box, the door of the box is opened, the base and minicam are placed inside the box once the minicam is set to record, and the door is closed. The minicam records the activity occurring in the passenger compartment through a solar cool glass window located in the door of the box.
Claims We claim: 1. A monitoring installation for a vehicle to enable monitoring of activity within the vehicle, comprising: an outer vehicle wall; an inner vehicle wall spaced from and parallel to said outer vehicle wall; an opening provided in said inner vehicle wall; a box having an open end and flange means on a side opposite said open end; said box being inserted through said opening to abut said flange means against an inner surface of said outer wall, said opening facing within the vehicle; means affixing said flange means and said box to said outer vehicle wall; a door mounted upon said box; hinge means attached to said door and said box to enable said door to be displaced to and from a position overlying said open end of said box; latch means for holding said door in said position overlying said open end of said box; recording monitoring means located within said box comprising; a base member configured to closely fit within said box; a video tape camera; and means connecting said video tape camera to said base member comprising; a threaded mounting member on said video tape camera; and a threaded element held on said base member by a keeper ring; whereby engagement between said threaded mounting member and said threaded element prevents relative movement between said video tape camera, said base member and said box; whereby said base member prevents said recording monitoring means from moving relative to the box when said door is in a position overlying said open end of said box; and monitor enabling means on said door enabling said recording monitoring means to monitor activity within the vehicle through and unimpeded by said door when displaced to a closed position overlying said open end of said box; whereby unauthorized access to said recording monitoring means is thwarted when said door is displaced to a position overlying said open end of said box. 2. A monitoring installation as in claim 1, said flange means extending interiorly of said box, and said affixing means includes means for securing said interiorly extending flange means to said outer vehicle wall. 3. A monitoring installation as in claim 1, said latch means comprising a key operated lock. 4. A monitoring installation as in claim 1, said monitor enabling means includes optical means enabling the passage of light waves therethrough. 5. A monitoring installation as in claim 4, said optical means comprises a solar cool glass window provided on said door. 6. A monitoring installation as in claim 1, wherein said vehicle is a school bus. 7. A monitoring installation as in claim 1, wherein said monitor enabling means includes openings through said door allowing for the passage of sound therethrough. 