A method and apparatus for balancing environmental disturbance torques acting upon a satellite (10) by tilting the satellite solar panels (14,16) toward or away from the sun to change the solar pressure acting upon the satellite (10) as well as the gravity gradient torque generated by different panel (14,16) tilt angles. By balancing the disturbance torque acting upon the satellite (10), satellite disturbances are minimized so that the satellite stabilization system can be made smaller and fuel used for satellite attitude control is minimized. Torque balancing is accomplished at the beginning of the mission through a linear actuator (37) at the mounting location of each solar panel (14,16) to the satellite main body (12) and, once set, is passive and does not require continuous active satellite control.
Claims We claim: 1. A satellite for orbiting the earth in an orbit plane about the earth with a sun based inertial reference system centered at said satellite having mutually perpendicular overturning, windmill and pitch axes, with the windmill axis being along the projection of the sun line in the orbit plane, said overturning axis being in the orbit plane and normal to the windmill axis, and said pitch axis extending perpendicular to said orbit plane, said satellite comprising: a main body; at least one solar panel extending from said main body out of the orbit plane in a deployed position with said panel facing the sun; said panel having proximal and distal ends relative to said main body and said panel in said deployed position being oriented at an angle relative to a line normal to said orbit plane; and tilting means for rotating said panel about a tilt axis parallel to the overturning axis and adjacent said proximal end for variably orienting said panel relative to aid normal line in said deployed position whereby said panel is tilted to move said distal end toward or away from the sun and solar pressure and gravity gradient forces on said panel can be varied in order to minimize overturning torque acting on said satellite about said overturning axis. 2. The satellite of claim 1 wherein said tilting means includes: a panel mounting bracket coupled to said body at one end for rotation about said tilt axis and means for mounting said panel at the opposite end of said bracket; a support link having two ends and coupled at one end to said body for rotation about a second axis parallel to said tilt axis and spaced therefrom, coupling means for attaching the opposite end of said link to said bracket at an attachment point spaced from both said tilt axis and said second axis thereby forming a three bar linkage; and actuator means for varying the distance between said attachment point and said tilt axis whereby said bracket is rotated about said tilt axis and the orientation of said panel relative to said normal line is varied. 3. The satellite of claim 2 wherein said actuator means includes linear drive means for moving said attachment point relative to said tilt axis. 4. The satellite of claim 3 wherein said linear drive means includes a jack screw carried by said bracket for rotation about the longitudinal axis of said screw, said screw axis being oriented normal to said first and second axes, said link opposite end being threadably engaged with said jack screw whereby said link opposite end is moved longitudinally along said jack screw upon rotation of said jack screw, and motor means for rotating said jack screw. 5. The satellite of claim 1 further comprising: sensing means for measuring the attitude change of said satellite in response to environmental disturbance torques acting on said satellite; processing means, coupled to said sensing means, for determining the desired angle of said panel relative to said normal line to minimize the overturning torque acting on said satellite; and said processing means being coupled to said tilting means for activating said tilting means to rotate said panel to vary the orientation of said panel relative to said normal line to said desired angle. 6. A satellite for orbiting the earth in an orbit plane about the earth with a sun based inertial reference system centered at said satellite having mutually perpendicular overturning, windmill and pitch axes, with the windmill axis being along the projection of the sun line in the orbit plane, said overturning axis being in the orbit plane and normal to the windmill axis, and said pitch axis extending perpendicular to said orbit plane, said satellite comprising: a main body; a solar panel extending from said main body out of the orbit plane in a deployed position with said panel generally facing the sun; said panel having proximal and distal ends relative to said main body and said panel in said deployed position being oriented at an angle relative to a line normal to said orbit plane; and means for mounting said panel to said main body including sun tracking means for rotating said panel relative to said body about a rotation axis parallel to said pitch axis to track the sun and tilting means for rotating said panel about a tilt axis parallel to the overturning axis and adjacent said panel proximal end to variably orient said panel relative to said normal line whereby said panel is tilted to move said distal end toward or away from the sun and the overturning torque acting on said satellite can be minimized by varying the solar pressure and gravity gradient forces acting on said panel. 7. The satellite of claim 6 further comprising: sensing means for measuring the attitude change of said satellite in response to environmental disturbance torques acting on said satellite; processing means, coupled to said sensing means, for determining the desired angle of said panel relative to said normal line to minimize the overturning torque acting on said satellite; and said processing means being coupled to said tilting means for activating said tilting means to rotate said panel to vary the orientation of said panel relative to said normal line to said desired angles. 8. The satellite of claim 6 wherein said mounting means includes a mounting bracket carried by said sun tracking means for rotation with said panel for tracking the sun and attached to said sun tracking means at one end of said bracket with said solar panel being attached to the opposite end of said bracket; said bracket having a use position extending from said main body at an angle relative to said normal line; and said tilting means including a pivotal attachment of said bracket one end to said sun tracking means for rotation about said tilt axis to variably orient said bracket and said panel relative to said normal line when said bracket is in said use position. 9. The satellite of claim 8 further comprising: deployment means for rotating said bracket after satellite launch about said tilt axis to said use position; and latch means for holding said bracket in said use position and fixed from rotation by said deployment means. 10. The satellite of claim 9 wherein said latch means includes a latch hook carried by said sun tracking means and spaced from said tilt axis and a latch pin carried by said bracket defining a latch axis parallel to said tilt axis, said latch pin being engagable with said latch hook in said use position of said bracket in an entrapping relationship, said pin being rotatable relative to said latch hook about said latch axis. 11. The satellite of claim 10 wherein said tilting means includes a slide bar mounted to said bracket for linear motion in a direction normal to said tilt and latch axes, said latch pin being carried by said slide bar and linear drive means for moving said slide bar relative to said bracket whereby said pin rotates within said latch hook and said bracket rotates about said tilt axis. 12. A method of reducing overturning torque acting upon a satellite in orbit about the earth in an orbit plane, said satellite having a sun based inertial reference system centered at said satellite having mutually perpendicular overturning, windmill and pitch axes, with the windmill axis being along the projection of the sun line in the orbit plane, the overturning axis being in the orbit plane and normal to the windmill axis, and the pitch axis extending perpendicular to the orbit plane, the satellite having a main body and at least one solar panel extending from said main body out of the orbit plane and facing the sun, said panel having proximal and distal ends relative to said main body and said panel being oriented at an angle relative to a line normal to the orbit plane, said method comprising the steps of: a) measuring environmental disturbance torque acting on said satellite in orbit; b) determining a desired angle of orientation for said panel relative to said normal line to achieve a desired force on said panel to minimize the overturning torque on said satellite; and c) rotating said panel about a tilt axis parallel to the overturning axis at the proximal end of said panel to achieve said desired angle of orientation. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein the environmental disturbance torque is measured by evaluating the satellite attitude response in orbit. 14. The method of claim 12 wherein said desired angle of orientation of said panel relative to said normal line is determined by simultaneously considering solar pressure and gravity gradient effects on said solar panel. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein said satellite has a pair of solar panels extending from said main body in opposite directions out of said orbit plane, said panels being oriented at angles .alpha..sub.1 and .alpha..sub.2 relative to said normal line, the desired values for .alpha..sub.1 and .alpha..sub.2 being determined by solving the following equations: ##EQU4## where: T.sub.SNET =net overturning torque acting on the solar panels generated by solar pressure p1 p=Solar radiation pressure constant=9.46.times.10.sup.-8 lb/FT.sup.2 A=Area of one solar panel .alpha..sub. = Tilt of solar panel 1 from orbit normal .alpha..sub.2 =Tilt of Solar panel 2 from orbit normal .gamma.=Normal force factor to account for non-zero reflectivity and specularity of the panels 1=The distance from each panel center of pressure to the satellite center of mass .nu.=Shear force factor to account for non zero reflectivity and specularity d=The distance from each panel point of tilting to the satellite center of mass .delta.=Sun elevation relative to the orbit plane T.sub.G =The average gravity gradient overturning torque generated by different panel tilt angles .mu.E=Earth gravitational parameter 6.263.times.10.sup.4 NM.sup.3 /s.sup.2 R=Orbit radius (22765 NM geo. sync orbit) (I.sub.z -I.sub.y)--Solar panel mass inertial difference about the sun line I.sub.z and panel drive axis I.sub.y. 16. The method of claim 12 further comprising: repeating steps a), b) and c) periodically when the overturning torque acting on said satellite exceeds a predetermined value. 