Cylindrical battery cell vessels are coupled together in plural sets by pairs of half-shell sleeves. The sleeves conduct heat preferentially in an axial direction. Each sleeve set is mounted onto a heat rejection plate for direct radiation to space. Each satellite of a set of spacecraft has a North and/or South-facing region for mounting the heat rejection plates of the requisite number of cells. Each plate may be fitted with an optical solar reflector (OSR) for reflecting insolation, and for radiating heat energy.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A spacecraft, comprising: an electrical battery, said battery comprising a plurality of cells, each of said cells being within a vessel taking the physical form of a circular cylinder with first and second convex curved ends, each of said vessels including a pair of terminals associated with said first convex curved end; and vessel mounting and heat radiating means, said vessel mounting and heat radiating means comprising: (a) a radiator plate including first and second surfaces, said first surface being mounted on said spacecraft at a location facing open space, and being associated with an optical solar reflection means for tending to reflect insolation and for efficiently radiating heat; (b) sleeve means for holding a plurality of said vessels in parallel, side-by-side relationship, said sleeve means including a pair of monolithic integral half-sleeve arrays, each of said half-sleeve arrays comprising a plurality of portions, each said portions not exceeding a 180.degree. segment of a cylindrical sleeve having a diameter substantially equal to the diameter of one of said cells, each of the axes of said portions of cylindrical sleeves being parallel to a common axis and defining first and second ends, said pair of half-sleeve arrays together forming a plurality of cylindrical sleeves dimensioned for accommodating a like plurality of said vessels, for holding said plurality of vessels in a mutually parallel relationship and for transferring heat from said vessels; (c) mounting means associated with said sleeve means and with said radiator plate for mounting said sleeve means to said plate with said first ends of said portions of said cylindrical sleeves juxtaposed to said second surface of said radiator panel in heat-transferring relationship therewith, with said axes of said vessels perpendicular to said plate. 2. A spacecraft according to claim 1, wherein said sleeve means comprises a thermally anisotropic material, with a direction of easy heat flow oriented parallel to said common axis. 3. A spacecraft according to claim 2, wherein said anisotropic material comprises a solidified-liquid-impregnated reinforcing fiber. 4. A spacecraft according to claim 3, wherein said reinforcing fiber is carbon fiber. 5. A spacecraft according to claim 3, wherein said reinforcing fiber lies substantially parallel to said common axis over at least a portion of the length of said sleeve means. 6. A spacecraft according to claim 3, wherein the axes of said reinforcing fiber are at 30.degree. relative to said common axis. 7. A spacecraft according to claim 1, wherein said plurality is two. 8. A spacecraft according to claim 2, wherein said mounting means comprises: a flange monolithically integral with said first end of at least one of said half-sleeve arrays; and means for coupling said flange to said plate. 9. A spacecraft according to claim 8, wherein said means for coupling comprises adhesive means. 10. A spacecraft according to claim 1, wherein said optical solar reflection means comprises a metallized glass plate affixed to the space-facing side of said radiator plate. 11. A spacecraft according to claim 1, further comprising clamping means coupled about said second end of at least a portion of said pair of half-sleeve arrays, for aiding in holding said half-sleeve arrays together. 12. A spacecraft according to claim 11, further comprising: radiator plate holding means for holding said radiator plate to said spacecraft; and clamp holding means for holding said clamp to said spacecraft. 