An absorber body with flow paths for water or a flowable heat carrier for the direct or indirect heating of fluid or fluids or the like flow agents by solar energy in which the flow paths are produced by the deformation of plastic material, is improved in respect of its production and use in that a panel (12) is provided with slot-like openings, the width of which approximately corresponds to the width of the flow path, and welded on the panel is a foil (14) which is deformed through the openings to form respective shaped foil portions (15) of approximately channel-like cross-section as partial delimitation of the flow path and is sealingly covered on the side remote from the channel-like cross-section. In that arrangement, a carrier plate, a cover foil (50) or an insulating body (54) may be provided on the side of the panel (12) which is remote from the channel-like cross-section of the foil portion (15). The panel is provided with openings correspond to the pattern of the flow paths and is covered over its surface with the foil (14), whereupon the foil is deep-drawn through the openings.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An absorber body with flow paths for a flowable heat carrier for heating flow agents by solar energy comprising a first panel (12) provided with elongated slot-like openings (22), each of said elongated slot-like openings having a width which approximately corresponds to a desired width (a) of a flow path (16), and a translucent foil overlaying said panel, said foil having portions which extend through respective ones of said elongated openings to provide shaped foil portions (15, 17) of substantially channel-like cross-section, and means for sealing said shaped foil portions, said sealing means overlaying said foil. 2. An absorber body as set forth in claim 1 wherein said sealing means comprises a second panel with elongated slot-like openings and a translucent foil which extends through respective ones of said elongated slot-like openings in said second panel to provide shaped foil portions of substantially channel-like cross-section, said first and second panels being connected together, an intermediate plate (38) having apertures (39) provided between the first and second panels (12), and the apertures in said intermediate plate substantially corresponding to the openings (22) in the first and second panels (12). 3. An absorber body as set forth in claim 1 characterized in that the openings (22) in the first panel (12) are connected towards the ends by transverse openings (26) and the transverse openings have a deep-drawn portion (17) of the foil (14) extending therethrough. 4. An absorber body as set forth in claim 3 wherein the transverse openings are provided with edge recesses which reach to the edges of the panel. 5. An absorber body as set forth in claim 4 wherein said edge recesses define coupling regions for an adjacent absorber body. 6. An absorber body as set forth in claim 1 further comprising an insulating body (54) positioned adjacent said sealing means, and said insulating body (54) having at least one transverse duct (56) for connecting the shaped foil portions (15). 7. An absorber body as set forth in claim 6 wherein said sealing means comprises a tension foil (50) extending over said shaped foil portions and further comprising at least one flow path (58) communicating with said at least one transverse duct and passing through the tension foil said. 8. An absorber body as set forth in claim 1 further comprising said openings (22) in the panel (12) being spaced apart, each of said openings being defined by two panel portions and a substantially semi-circular loop strip portion joining said panel portions, said substantially semi-circular loop strip portions (24) having a cross-sectional shape corresponding to that of the shaped foil portions (15, 17). 9. An absorber body as set forth in claim 1 further comprising a housing surrounding said absorber body, said housing having an edge (65) and including a cover foil (66) fixed to the edge (65) of the housing (52.sub.a, 52.sub.b, 52.sub.c) said cover foil being tensioned by flexible tensioning elements. 10. An absorber body as set forth in claim 9 further comprising the cover foil (66) being fixed along a circular fixing line. 11. An absorber body as set forth in claim 10 further comprising the cover foil (66) being tensioned by at least one inwardly disposed tensioning ring (69) of variable arc length located approximately parallel to the fixing line. 12. An absorber body as set forth in claim 9 wherein said tensioning elements include at least one of a tensioning bar (68) formed by a resilient elongate member and a tensioning ring (69) formed by a resilient elongate member. 13. An absorber body as set forth in claim 12 further comprising said cover foil (76) forming a large-area roofing means. 14. An absorber body as set forth in claim 9 wherein said tensioning elements include tensioning bars (68) operable from the exterior of the housing. 15. An absorber body as set forth in claim 14 wherein each of said tensioning bars (68) is fixed at one end (68.sub.c) in a bush (74, 74.sub.a) mounted in a wall (64) of the housing. 16. An absorber body as set forth in claim 15 further comprising the bush (74.sub.a) being axially movably mounted in a guide member (76) and being supported therein against a force storage means (78), and the guide member having a cylindrical configuration. 17. An absorber body as set forth in claim 16 further comprising at least one of the mounting bush (74.sub.a) and the guide member (76) being acted upon by and axially operative pressure member (80) which passes through the housing wall (64), said pressure member being movable as a tensioning piston within a cylindrical element (82). 18. An absorber body as set forth in claim 17 further comprising said cylindrical element having a limit abutment and the pressure member (80) cooperating with said limit abutment (83) and said pressure member having a screw threaded ring with an external thread, said screw threaded ring meshing by way of said external thread with an internal thread on said cylindrical element. 19. An absorber body as set forth in claim 17 further comprising edge recesses (86) in at least one of the mounting bush (74.sub.a) and the guide member (76), said edge recesses associated with each said tensioning bar so as to restrain deflection of the tensioning bar when the pressure member (80) is axially pushed inwardly. 20. An absorber body as set forth in claim 15 further comprising the bush (74.sub.b) being positioned within a surrounding mounting element and being pivotably mounted therein, said bush engaging radial pins which move in guide grooves in the surrounding mounting element (74.sub.a). 21. An absorber body as set forth in claim 1 wherein said sealing means comprises a carrier plate provided on a side of the panel which is remote from the channel-like, cross-section shaped foil portions. 22. An absorber body as set forth in claim 21 wherein the foil is welded to at least one of the panel and the carrier plate at regions between said channel shaped foil portions, said weld regions preferably being flat. 23. An absorber body as set forth in claim 22 wherein at least one of the panel and the carrier plate is provided on a foil side with a layer for promoting welding. 24. An absorber body as set forth in claim 22 wherein at least one of the panel and the carrier plate is provided in the weld regions with bores for shanks of connecting members. 25. An absorber body as set forth in claim 1 wherein the foil is fixed to the panel and deep-drawn through the openings to provide said shaped foil portions. 26. An absorber body as set forth in claim 1 wherein the foil is produced from a UV-resistant material. 27. An absorber body as set forth in claim 1 wherein the foil is produced from a modified ethylene-tetrafluoroethylene copolymer. 28. An absorber body as set forth in claim 1 wherein said sealing means comprises a part having a deep drawn portion acting as a connecting duct and shaped portions extending transversely thereto and wherein said part is connected to said first panel and said shaped foil portions associated with said first panel open into the connecting duct. 29. An absorber body as set forth in claim 1 wherein said sealing means comprises a carrier plate with an integrated transverse connection for the shaped portions extending transversely to the carrier plate. 30. An absorber body as set forth in claim 24 wherein the carrier plate is sealingly connected at its edges by at least one of an edge flange-like and crimped connection to the panel which is connected to the foil. 31. A process for the production of an absorber body with flow paths for a flowable heat carrier for heating flow agents by solar energy comprising providing a panel having a series of openings corresponding to a desired pattern of flow paths, covering a surface of said panel with a foil, deep drawing the foil through the openings to provide a series of foil ducts and connecting said foil to the panel at weld zones between the foil ducts. 32. A process as set forth in claim 31 wherein said deep drawing step is performed at a deep drawing temperature and said connecting step comprises immediately welding the foil to the panel at said deep drawing temperature. 33. A process as set forth in claim 32 further comprising gluing said foil to the panel. 34. A process as set forth in claim 31 further comprising welding the foil with the panel to a carrier plate which extends over the foil ducts. 35. A process as set forth in claim 31 further comprising thermally connecting the foil and the panel to another piece of foil which extends over the foil ducts. 