The equipment includes a set of feed distribution stations each furnished with a mixer supplied with milk powder, water, milk from a tank and various additives from a set of measuring pumps whose number of rotations is controlled by computer system depending on the feed mix to be composed. The measuring pumps are primed by the additive supply tanks. There are as many tanks as additives to dispense. The set of measuring pumps at each feeding station withdraws the selectively programmed quantity from each tank depending on the mix to be constituted. Each animal that is present at a station and that is identified, is credited with a volume of feed that is around 500 grams, whose composition depends on the animal's previous intake, on the weight newly recorded, and on other criteria. The station mixes the feed on demand while the animal is ingesting it. There always remains a certain volume of feed in the mixer after the departure of the animal. This volume is subtracted from the animal's credit so as to precisely calculate the animal's feed intake.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A feeding apparatus for feeding animals comprising: at least one feeding station, each feeding station including means for mixing feed components into an individualized feed portion according to at least one feed distribution signal; sensor set for generating a plurality of sensor signals, the plurality of sensor signals including an environmental temperature signal and at least one other sensor signal corresponding to an environment of the feeding apparatus; at least one monitor, each monitor corresponding to a respective feeding station of the at least one feeding station, each monitor generating at least one monitor signal, the at least one monitor signal representing animal data corresponding to a particular animal present in the feeding station and corresponding to the monitor which is generating the at least one monitor signal; and a processor generating the at least one feed distribution signal for each feeding station of the at least one feeding station, the at least one feed distribution signal corresponding to each feeding station being generated based on the plurality of sensor signals and the at least one monitor signal corresponding to the feeding station for which the at least one feed distribution signal is generated. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the sensor set includes at least one of a hygrometer, a pluviometer, means for measuring sunlight, means for measuring solar rays, and means for measuring cosmic rays. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the sensor set includes at least one of means for measuring a local magnetic field and means for analyzing air around the feeding apparatus. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the processor includes means for recording animal age factors and adjusting the proportions of the feed components mixed for the particular animal. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the processor includes means for recording seasonal factors and adjusting the proportions of the feed components mixed based on a present season. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one monitor signal includes a judgment signal entered into the processor by a grower, the judgment signal corresponding to an animal grower's expert judgment of a change in one of the animal's fat thickness, muscle tone, behavior and health. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, further including means for testing the particular animal to periodically determine particular properties of the particular animal present in the feeding station, the particular properties including at least one of assimilation rate and level of a component of the feed components, blood properties and urine properties. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the processor further includes means for recording the particular properties. 9. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the means for testing includes excrement analysis means for determining assimilation rate and level. 10. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the processor further includes: means for comparing the particular properties determined by the means for testing to determine differences in test results; and means for transforming the differences in test results into modifications of the proportions of the feed components mixed into the individualized feed portion. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the means for mixing includes means for controlling the proportions of the feed components mixed into the individualized feed portion based on the modifications to the proportions transformed from the differences in test results. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the means for controlling the proportions also controls the proportions based on the environment of the feeding apparatus. 13. A feeding apparatus for feeding animals comprising: at least one feeding station, each feeding station including means for mixing an individualized feed portion; sensor set for generating at least one sensor signal, the at least one sensor signal corresponding to an environment of the feeding apparatus; at least one monitor, each monitor corresponding to a respective feeding station of the at least one feeding station, each monitor generating at least one monitor signal, the at least one monitor signal presenting animal data corresponding to a particular animal present in the feeding station and corresponding to the monitor which is generating the at least one monitor signal: and a processor generating at least one feed distribution signal for each feeding station of the at least one feeding station, the at least one feed distribution signal corresponding to each feeding station being based on the at least one sensor signal and the at least one monitor signal corresponding to the feeding station for which the at least one feed distribution signal is generated, the processor including (1) means for recording a weight of the particular animal present in the corresponding feeding station; (2) means for recording the proportions of the feed components mixed for the particular animal; and (3) means for determining criteria relating to assessing a maximization of growth for each recorded mix of proportions of the feed components, the criteria including at least one of a comparison of a yield in weight between each stay in the feeding station and a frequency of stay, wherein the processor includes: means for recording the at least one sensor signal corresponding to the environment; means for recording seasonal factors and adjusting the proportions of the feed components mixed for the particular animal; and means for recording animal age factors and adjusting the proportions of the feed components mixed for the particular animal. 14. A feeding apparatus for feeding animals comprising: at least one feeding station; sensor set for generating at least one sensor signal, the at least one sensor signal corresponding to an environment of the feeding apparatus; at least one monitor, each monitor corresponding to a respective feeding station of the at least one feeding station, each monitor generating at least one monitor signal, the at least one monitor signal representing animal data corresponding to a particular animal present in the feeding station and corresponding to the monitor which is generating the at least one monitor signal, the animal data including the weight of the particular animal; and a processor generating at least one feed distribution signal for each feeding station of the at least one feeding station, the at least one feed distribution signal corresponding to each feeding station being generated based on the at least one sensor signal and the at least one monitor signal corresponding to the feeding station for which the at least one feed distribution signal is generated, wherein each feeding station of the at least one feeding station includes means for mixing feed components into an individualized feed portion for the particular animal present in the feeding station, proportions of the feed components mixed into the individualized feed portion being based on the at least one feed distribution signal corresponding to the feeding station, and wherein the processor includes: means for recording the weight of the particular animal present in the corresponding feeding station; means for determining a frequency of stay of the particular animal present in the corresponding feeding station; means for recording the proportions of the feed components mixed for the particular animal; and means for determining criteria relating to assessing a maximization of growth for each recorded mix of proportions of the feed components, the criteria including at least one of a comparison of a yield in weight between each stay in the feeding station and the frequency of stay. 15. A feeding apparatus for feeding animals comprising: at least one feeding station, each feeding station including means for mixing an individualized feed portion; sensor set for generating at least one sensor signal, the at least one sensor signal corresponding to an environment of the feeding apparatus; at least one monitor, each monitor corresponding to a respective feeding station of the at least one feeding station, each monitor generating at least one monitor signal, the at least one monitor signal representing animal data corresponding to a particular animal present in the feeding station and corresponding to the monitor which is generating the at least one monitor signal; and a processor generating at least one feed distribution signal for each feeding station of the at least one feeding station, the at least one feed distribution signal corresponding to each feeding station being based on the at least one sensor signal and the at least one monitor signal corresponding to the feeding station for which the at least one feed distribution signal is generated, the processor including (1) means for recording a weight of the particular animal present in the corresponding feeding station; (2) means for recording the proportions of the feed components mixed for the particular animal; and (3) means for determining criteria relating to assessing a maximization of growth for each recorded mix of proportion of the feed components, the criteria including at least one of a comparison of a yield in weight between each stay in the feeding station and a frequency of stay, wherein the particular animal is one animal of a group of animals using the feeding apparatus, the processor further including: individualizing means for (i) operating the means for recording the weight, (ii) operating the means for recording the proportions and (iii) operating the means for determining the criteria, for each animal in the group of animals; and means for averaging the criteria corresponding to each animal in the group of animals over the group of animals to determine an averaged criteria for the group of animals. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the processor further includes means for comparing the criteria corresponding to each animal in the group of animals with the averaged criteria. 17. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the processor further includes means for comparing a first criteria corresponding to a first animal in the group of animals and a second criteria corresponding to a second animal in the group of animals, the first and second criteria being determined by the means for determining the criteria, the first animal being an animal fed a first individualized feed portion having a first proportion of the feed components mixed therein, the second animal being an animal fed a second individualized feed portion having a second proportion of the feed components mixed therein. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the first criteria is a comparison of the yield in weight for the first animal between each stay in the feeding station. 19. A feeding apparatus for feeding animals comprising: at least one feeding station, each feeding station including means for mixing feed components into an individualized feed portion; sensor set for generating at least one sensor signal, the at least one sensor signal corresponding to an environment of the feeding apparatus; at least one monitor, each monitor corresponding to a respective feeding station of the at least one feeding station, each monitor generating at least one monitor signal, the at least one monitor signal representing animal data corresponding to a particular animal present in the feeding station and corresponding to the monitor which is generating the at least one monitor signal; and a processor generating at least one feed distribution signal for each feeding station of the at least one feeding station, the at least one feed distribution signal corresponding to each feeding station being based on the at least one sensor signal and the at least one monitor signal corresponding to the feeding station for which the at least one feed distribution signal is generated, wherein for each feeding station of the at least one feeding station, the feeding apparatus includes an additional feeding station, each additional feeding station sharing the means for mixing feed components of the corresponding feeding station of the at least one feeding station, the individualized feed portions being based on an average of feed portions for both the animal in the additional feeding station and the animal in the corresponding feeding station of the at least one feeding station. 20. A feeding apparatus for feeding animals comprising: at least one feeding station, each feeding station including means for mixing feed components into an individualized feed portion according to at least one feed distribution signal; sensor set for generating at least one sensor signal, the at least one sensor signal corresponding to an environment of the feeding apparatus; at least one monitor, each monitor corresponding to a respective feeding station of the at least one feeding station, each monitor generating a plurality of monitor signals, the plurality of monitor signals including an animal weight signal, an animal identification signal and at least one other monitor signal representing animal data corresponding to a particular animal present in the feeding station and corresponding to the monitor which is generating the at least one monitor signal; and a processor generating the at least one feed distribution signal for each feeding station of the at least one feeding station, the at least one feed distribution signal corresponding to each feeding station being generated based on the at least one sensor signal and the plurality of monitor signals corresponding to the feeding station for which the at least one feed distribution signal is generated. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the sensor set includes at least one of means for measuring a local magnetic field and means for analyzing air around the feeding apparatus. 22. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the processor includes means for recording animal age factors and adjusting the proportions of the feed components mixed for the particular animal identified as present in the corresponding feeding station. 23. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the at least one other monitor signal includes a judgment signal entered into the processor by a grower, the judgment signal corresponding to an animal grower's expert judgment of a change in one of the animal's fat thickness, muscle tone, behavior and health. 24. The apparatus of claim 20, further including means for periodically testing to determine particular properties of the identified animal, the particular properties including at least one of assimilation rate and level of a component of the feed components, blood properties and urine properties. 25. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the processor includes means for recording seasonal factors and adjusting the proportions of the feed components mixed based on a present season. 26. A feeding apparatus for feeding animals comprising: at least one feeding station, each feeding station including means for mixing feed components; sensor set for generating at least one sensor signal, the at least one sensor signal corresponding to an environment of the feeding apparatus; at least one monitor, each monitor corresponding to a respective feeding station of the at least one feeding station, each monitor generating at least one monitor signal, the at least one monitor signal representing animal data corresponding to a particular animal present in the feeding station and corresponding to the monitor which is generating the at least one monitor signal; and a processor generating at least one feed distribution signal for each feeding station of the at least one feeding station, the at least one feed distribution signal corresponding to each feeding station being based on the at least one sensor signal and the at least one monitor signal corresponding to the feeding station for which the at least one feed distribution signal is generated, wherein the means for mixing includes: a precision scale; a container disposed on the precision scale, the container having a drain; a feeding hose connected at one end to the drain; and a nipple connected to another end of the feeding hose. 27. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein the means for mixing further includes: a hopper containing a feed powder, the hopper having a lower tubular extremity; an Archimedes' screw disposed within the tubular extremity; a hollow tube attached to the Archimedes' screw; and motor means for rotating the hollow tube at slow speed to dispense the feed powder into the container. 28. The apparatus of claim 27, wherein the means for mixing further includes: a rod having first and second ends disposed within the hollow tube; a mixing blade attached to the rod at the first end, the mixing blade being disposed within the container; and a mixing motor attached to the rod at the second end to turn the mixing blade at high speed. 29. The apparatus of claim 27, wherein the means for mixing further includes: a cleaning disk horizontally disposed and fixedly attached to the hollow tube; and a fluid hose connected to a fluid source, the fluid hose being disposed so as to discharge a fluid onto a top surface of the cleaning disk. 30. The apparatus of claim 29, wherein the mixing means further includes: a siphon tube having first and second ends, the first end being disposed near a bottom of an inside of the container, the siphon tube extending in a water tight fashion through a hole in a side wall of the container to the second end; and a siphon hose attached at one end to the second end of the siphon tube, the siphon hose discharging into a waste container at another end of the siphon hose. 31. The apparatus of claim 30, wherein the means for mixing further includes: a rod having first and second ends disposed within the hollow tube; a mixing blade attached to the rod at the first end, the mixing blade being disposed within the container; a mixing motor attached to the rod at the second end to turn the mixing blade at high speed; means for controlling a cleaning cycle, the means for controlling a cleaning cycle including: means for discharging one of water and water with disinfectant through the fluid hose onto the top surface of the cleaning disk; means for operating the motor means to rotate the hollow tube and the cleaning disk attached thereto so that a fluid discharged from the fluid hose onto the top surface of the cleaning disk is forced centrifugally radially outwardly to the circumference of the cleaning disk and from there into the container; and means for operating the mixing motor to mix any residue contained in the container with the :fluid, the fluid being one of water and water with disinfectant, the siphon tube automatically operating as a siphon pump to siphon the residue mixed fluid in the container into the waste container when the fluid in the container fills to a same level within the container as the hole in the side wall of the container. 32. The apparatus of claim 31, wherein the processor further includes means for operating the means for controlling a cleaning cycle when no animal is present in the corresponding feeding station. 33. The apparatus of claim 27, wherein the means for mixing further includes: at least one additive pump, each additive pump having an exit hose which is plunged into the container, each additive pump being controlled by a signal of the at least one feed distribution signal to dispense a controlled quantity of a corresponding feed additive, each additive pump pumping a corresponding feed additive from a corresponding additive supply tank according to a respective feed distribution signal; means for supplying a controlled quantity of water to the container; means for supplying a controlled quantity of a feed liquid to the container; and mix control means for controlling the quantity added to the container of at least one of feed powder, water, feed liquid and at least one feed additive. 34. The apparatus of claim 33, wherein the feed powder is powdered milk and the feed liquid is one of fresh and reconstituted powdered milk. 35. The apparatus of claim 33, wherein: the animal data generated by the monitor corresponding to the particular animal present in the feeding station includes an identity of the animal present in the feeding stations and a weight of the animal present in the feeding station; the processor includes means for recalling past proportions of the feed components mixed into the individualized feed portion based on the identity of the particular animal present in the feeding station; the processor further includes means for recalling a past weight of the particular animal present in the feeding station, the past weight being the weight of the animal when the animal was last in a feeding station of the at least one feeding station; and the processor further includes means for transforming (i) a difference in the weight of the animal in the feeding station and the past weight, (ii) the past proportions, and (iii) a past quantity of feed consumed by the animal present in the feeding station, into new proportions of the feed components, and then generating the at least one feed distribution signal based on the new proportions. 36. The apparatus of claim 35, wherein the processor further includes: means for determining a quantity of feed remaining in the container after the particular animal has left the feeding station; and means for determining an exact feed intake for the animal by deducting the quantity of feed remaining from a quantity of feed prepared. 37. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein the means for mixing further includes at least one armored electrical heating element disposed within the container, the heating element cooperating with a thermostat to maintain at constant temperature a contents in the container. 38. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein the means for mixing further includes at least one additive pump, each additive pump having an exit hose which is plunged into the container, each additive pump being controlled by a signal of the at least one feed distribution signal to dispense a controlled quantity of a corresponding feed additive. 39. The apparatus of claim 38, wherein each additive pump is a peristaltic pump. 40. The apparatus of claim 38, wherein: the precision scale produces a weight signal indicative of a weight of a contents of the container; and the processor produces at least one control signal, each control signal being based on the weight signal and a corresponding feed additive requirement, each control signal controlling a corresponding additive pump of the at least one additive pump. 41. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein the means for mixing includes a supply system, the supply system comprising: a liquid feed source; a preheating coil having first and second ends to preheat a feeding liquid passing therethrough; a pump having a discharge and connected to the first end of the preheating coil; a first check valve having an input connected to the liquid feed source and having a discharge end connected to an input of the pump, the first check valve maintaining the pump in a primed state; and a second check valve having an input connected to the second end of the preheating coil and having a discharge end plunged into the container, the second check valve preventing back flow from the container. 42. The apparatus of claim 41, wherein the liquid feed source includes: a liquid feed tank with a bottom and having a discharge tube, the liquid feed tank being disposed so that the bottom of the liquid feed tank is lower than the container; and a secondary tank having a drain connected to the input of the first check valve and a float, the float acting as a valve by operating against the discharge tube of the liquid feed tank when the secondary tank is full. 