A plurality of spacecrafts having their own functions are each provided with a communication controller and its own mission, and communicate with each other to perform specific operations. In addition, a plurality of units having particular functions are housed in a system dock, and arbitrary ones of these units are combined to constitute a spacecraft according to the use. Units responsible for performing the specific operations are interchangeably connected, so as to be separable from the individual spacecraft.
Claims We claim: 1. A spacecraft system for launching spacecrafts into outer space and causing said spacecrafts to execute cooperative operations, comprising: a plurality of spacecrafts, each including at least a propulsion apparatus for driving the spacecraft itself, communication means for maintaining communications with other of said spacecrafts and said mission performing means for performing at least one operation function; a mission object which floats in outer space and is treated in accordance with said mission means; and central control means for operating said spacecrafts in accordance with said mission performing means through said communication means in which each of said plurality of spacecrafts communicate with one another through said communication means on the basis of a command from said central control means, and further actuate said propulsion means, and cooperatively treat said mission object in accordance with one of said mission performing means. 2. A spacecraft system for launching spacecrafts into outer space having a mission object which floats in outer space and is treated in accordance with mission performing means for controlling execution of cooperative operations by said spacecrafts, comprising: a plurality of spacecrafts, each including at least a propulsion apparatus for driving the spacecraft itself, communication means for maintaining communications with other of said spacecrafts and said mission performing means having at least one operation function; and central control means for operating said spacecrafts and said mission performing means through said communication means in which each of said plurality of spacecrafts communicate with one another through said communication means on the basis of a command from said central control means, and further actuate said propulsion means, and cooperatively treat said mission object in accordance with one of said mission performing means. 3. A spacecraft system according to claim 2, further comprising a space repeater station for enabling communication with said spacecrafts. 4. A spacecraft system according to claim 1, wherein said mission object includes construction materials, electric materials, mechanical materials, chemical materials, waste products, subsistence goods, and research materials. 5. A spacecraft system according to claim 1, wherein said spacecrafts include an orbital space worker. 6. A spacecraft system according to claim 1, further comprising a space repeater station for enabling communication with said spacecrafts. 7. A spacecraft system according to claim 1, wherein said mission means comprises a plurality of units which are provided for respective operation functions and can be separated from said spacecrafts, therefore said mission means can be formed of various types of operation functions. 8. A spacecraft system according to claim 7, wherein said plurality of units are interchangeably connected and include at least a command unit, a power generation unit, a structure unit, an orbital space worker, a communication unit, a direction control unit, a propulsion unit, a data processing unit, a material storehouse, a propellent unit depot and an extension power supply unit. 9. A spacecraft system according to claim 5, wherein said orbital space worker comprises a manipulator having at least a communicating portion, a propulsion portion for driving said orbital space worker itself and a drive for driving said manipulator. 10. A spacecraft system according to claim 4, wherein said mission object comprises a solar power generator having a photosensitive portion for receiving solar energy, a power transmitting portion for transmitting electric power from said photosensitive portion to the ground, and a structure for mounting said photosensitive portion and said power transmitting portion thereon. 11. A spacecraft system according to claim 4, wherein said mission object comprises a structure, apparatus and materials to be used as space laboratory equipment in an unmanned space laboratory base. 12. A spacecraft system according to claim 8, wherein said mission object houses at least a portion of said units comprising said mission means, including said orbital space worker, said communication unit, said direction control unit, said propulsion unit and said data processing unit after some of said plurality of units comprising said mission means are separated from said spacecrafts. 13. A spacecraft system according to claim 12, wherein said orbital space worker is produced by interchangeably connecting said plurality of units comprising said mission object. 14. A spacecraft system according to claim 1, wherein said mission object further includes old spacecrafts which no longer serve a functional purpose. 15. A spacecraft system according to claim 1, wherein said central control means comprises a ground control station. 16. A spacecraft system according to claim 1, wherein said central control means comprises a space control station. 17. A spacecraft system according to claim 13, wherein said orbital space worker is used for interchangeably connecting at least a command unit, a power generation unit, a structure unit, a material store house, a propellent depot unit, an extension power supply unit, a direction control unit, a propulsion unit and a data processing unit which are separated from said spacecrafts in accordance with a command from said central control means and said spacecrafts. 18. A spacecraft system according to claim 13, wherein said orbital space worker is used for interchangeably connecting at least a communication unit, an attitude control unit, a propulsion unit and a data processing unit with said mission object. 19. A spacecraft system according to claim 13, wherein said orbital space worker is used for assembling said mission object in cooperation with other orbital space workers of spacecrafts according to a command from said spacecraft in which said orbital space worker is housed. 20. A spacecraft system according to claim 2, wherein said central control means comprises a ground control station. 21. A spacecraft system according to claim 2, wherein said mission object includes construction materials, electric materials, mechanical materials, chemical materials, waste products, subsistence goods, and research materials. 22. A spacecraft system according to claim 2, wherein said spacecrafts include an orbital space worker. 23. A spacecraft system according to claim 2, wherein said mission object further includes old spacecrafts which no longer serve a functional purpose. 24. A spacecraft system according to claim 2, wherein said mission means comprises a plurality of units which are provided for respective operation functions and can be separated from said spacecrafts, therefore said mission means can be formed of various types of operation functions. 25. A spacecraft system according to claim 24, wherein said plurality of units are interchangeably connected and include at least a command unit, a power generation unit, a structure unit, an orbital space worker, a communication unit, a direction control unit, a propulsion unit, a data processing unit, a material storehouse, a propellent unit depot and an extension power supply unit. 26. A spacecraft system according to claim 22, wherein said orbital space worker comprises a manipulator having at least a communicating portion, a propulsion portion for driving said orbital space worker itself and a drive for driving said manipulator. 27. A spacecraft system according to claim 21, wherein said mission object comprises a solar power generator having a photosensitive portion for receiving solar energy, a power transmitting portion for transmitting electric power from said photosensitive portion to the ground, and a structure for mounting said photosensitive portion and said power transmitting portion thereon. 28. A spacecraft system according to claim 21, wherein said mission object comprises a structure, apparatus and materials to be used as space laboratory equipment in an unmanned space laboratory base. 29. A spacecraft system according to claim 25, wherein said mission object houses at least a portion of said units comprising said mission means, including said orbital space worker, said communication unit, said direction control unit, said propulsion unit and said data processing unit after some of said plurality of units comprising said mission means are separated from said spacecrafts. 30. A spacecraft system according to claim 29, wherein said orbital space worker is produced by interchangeably connecting said plurality of units comprising said mission object. 31. A spacecraft system according to claim 30, wherein said orbital space worker is used for interchangeably connecting at least a communication unit, an attitude control unit, a propulsion unit and a data processing unit with said mission object. 32. A spacecraft system according to claim 30, wherein said orbital space worker is used for assembling said mission object in cooperation with other orbital space workers of spacecrafts according to a command from said spacecraft in which said orbital space worker is housed. 33. A spacecraft system according to claim 2, wherein said central control means comprises a space control station. 34. A spacecraft system according to claim 30, wherein said orbital space worker is used for interchangeably connecting at least a command unit, a power generation unit, a structure unit, a material store house, a propellent depot unit, an extension power supply unit, a direction control unit, a propulsion unit and a data processing unit which are separated from said spacecrafts in accordance with a command from said central control means and said spacecrafts. 