A cooling system for cooling the interior of an automobile comprising a refillable water reservoir stored onboard the automobile, a water atomizer for dispersing water directly into the interior of the automobile to absorb heat by evaporation, a device for selectively delivering water from the reservoir to the atomizer, a fan for circulating air within the interior using a solar or lighter socket power source, a manually detachable double sided clip for mounting the atomizer adjacent to the fan or to the built in ventilation of the automobile and an intrusion prevention device comprising a plurality of geometric pieces.
Claims I claim: 1. A cooling system for cooling an interior of an automobile comprising: a refillable water reservoir stored onboard said automobile; a water atomizer means for dispersing said water directly into said interior of said automobile to absorb heat by evaporation; means for selectively delivering said water from said reservoir to said atomizer; air convection means for circulating air within said interior using an onboard power source; and manually detachable means for mounting said atomizer adjacent to said air convection means. 2. A cooling system according to claim 1 wherein said reservoir is stored in a passenger compartment of said automobile. 3. A cooling system according to claim 1 wherein said reservoir is stored in a luggage compartment of said automobile. 4. A cooling system according to claim 1 wherein said means for delivering water is a flexible tube and a selectively actuated pump intermediate said atomizer and said reservoir. 5. A cooling system according to claim 1 wherein said means for delivering water is a flexible tube and a selectively operated valve intermediate said atomizer and said reservoir and a pressurized bladder/diaphragm in said reservoir. 6. A cooling system according to claim 1 wherein said air convection means is a removable, window mounted fan unit. 7. A cooling system according to claim 1 wherein said air convection means is a dashboard mounted blower system. 8. A cooling system according to claim 1 wherein said onboard power source is an automobile electrical system. 9. A cooling system according to claim 1 wherein said onboard power source comprises solar cells. 10. A cooling system according to claim 6 wherein an anti-intrusion device, comprising a plurality of rigid geometric pieces adjacently secured to a wire by fasteners and with sheet material attached to said geometric pieces, is mounted adjacent to said fan unit to occlude an opening formed by mounting said fan unit in said window. 11. A cooling system according to claim 1 wherein said means for mounting comprises a double sided clip. 12. A method of cooling an interior of an automobile comprising: storing water in a refillable water reservoir onboard said automobile; selectively delivering said water from said reservoir to an atomizing means; atomizing said delivered water directly into said interior of said automobile to absorb heat by evaporation; circulating air within said interior using an air convection means powered by an onboard power source; and manually and detachably mounting said atomizing means adjacent to said air convection means. 13. The method of claim 12 further comprising pressurizing a bladder in said reservoir to supply a motive force for delivering said water. 14. The method of claim 12 further comprising mounting said air circulation means in an opening formed by a partially open window of said automobile. 15. The method of claim 12 further comprising powering said air convection means by using solar cells. 16. The method of claim 12 further comprising powering said air convection means by using said automobile's electrical system. 17. The method of claim 14 further comprising mounting an anti-intrusion device to occlude said opening's portion not occupied by said air circulation means. 18. The method of claim 12 further comprising storing said refillable reservoir in a passenger compartment of said automobile. 19. The method of claim 12 further comprising storing said refillable reservoir in a luggage compartment of said automobile. 20. The method of claim 12 further comprising mounting said atomizer adjacent said automobile's built in dash mounter blower system and operating said blower system to act as said air convection means. 