The present invention is a novel and unique double window apparatus with insect/solar screens designed for many applications such as residential office buildings and schools. The present invention has three important features which are as follows: first, the double window apparatus has insect/solar screens between the exterior and interior windows; secondly, a pressure chamber is created between the exterior and interior windows and the pressure chamber reduces water entry; and third, the window contains perforated screen tracks covering the fiberglass which serve to reduce the noise transmission inside the building structure. The present invention is utilized as a solar energy admitting device for rejecting or accepting the sun's energy.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A double horizontal window apparatus for a building structure, comprising: a. a generally rectangular shaped common frame having a top frame member, a bottom frame member and two opposite lateral frame members, the common frame including an exterior frame section, a middle frame section and an interior frame section, each having a pair of transverse parallel elongated tracks; b. two active exterior window panels positioned in said pair of transverse parallel elongated tracks of said exterior frame section at opposite locations, where the two active exterior window panels can be opened or closed horizontally; c. two active interior window panels positioned in said pair of transverse parallel elongated tracks of said interior frame section at opposite locations, where the two active interior window panels can be opened or closed horizontally; d. said two active exterior window panels and said two active interior window panels define an air pressure chamber therebetween; e. a first slidable insect/solar screen and a second slidable insect/solar screen positioned in said pair of transverse parallel elongated tracks of said middle frame section at opposite locations and located between said two active exterior window panels and said two active interior window panels, where the slidable insect/solar screens can be slid horizontally; f. said middle frame section having a hollow chamber located all around said middle frame section with a multiplicity of perforations; g. a multiplicity of weep holes located on said exterior frame section adjacent to said bottom frame member for allowing air to flow through to said air pressure chamber, said air pressure chamber opens to the outside atmosphere through the multiplicity of weep holes, where said air pressure chamber reduces water entry through said two active exterior window panels; and h. a glass wool material inserted in said hollow chamber of said middle frame section for absorbing sound waves and preventing the flow of foreign material therethrough; i. whereby when said two active interior window panels are opened and said two active exterior window panels are closed, the heat from the solar energy absorbed by said insect/solar screens can transfer inside said building structure, when said two active interior window panels are closed and said two active exterior window panels are opened, the heat from the solar energy absorbed by said insect/solar screens can dissipate outside of said building structure, when said two active interior window panels and said two active exterior window panels are opened, fresh air can ventilate said building structure, and when said two active interior window panels and said two active exterior window panels are closed, the inside of said building structure is isolated from the outside of said building structure, and any audible vibrations between said two active interior window panels and said two active exterior window panels are partially absorbed by said glass wool material. 2. The invention as defined in claim 1 further comprising means for mounting said common frame to a wall opening of said building structure. 3. The invention as defined in claim 1 further comprising roller assemblies attached to said two active exterior window panels and said two active interior window panels for allowing said two active exterior window panels and said two active interior window panels to slide horizontally back and forth. 4. The invention as defined in claim 1 further comprising glazing gaskets located on said two active exterior window panels and said two active interior window panels at opposite locations for sealing said window panels. 5. The invention as defined in claim 1 further comprising a lock and a finger pull handle located on said two active exterior window panels and said two active interior window panels for locking and opening said two active exterior window panels and said two active interior window panels. 6. The invention as defined in claim 1 wherein said two active exterior window panels and said two active interior windows panels are single glazing glasses. 7. The invention as defined in claim 1 wherein said multiplicity of weep holes are shielded by a horizontal member of a sill to prevent rain from running down over said multiplicity of weep holes. 8. The invention as defined in claim 1 wherein said pair of transverse parallel elongated tracks of said middle frame section are made of PVC plastic. 9. A double vertical window apparatus for a building structure, comprising: a. a generally rectangular shaped common frame having a top frame member, a bottom frame member and two opposite lateral frame members, the common frame including an exterior frame section, a middle frame section and an interior frame section, each having a pair of vertical parallel elongated tracks; b. two active exterior window panels positioned in said pair of vertical parallel elongated tracks of said exterior frame section at opposite locations, where the two active exterior window panels can be opened or closed vertically; c. two active interior window panels positioned in said pair of vertical parallel elongated tracks of said interior frame section at opposite locations, where the two active interior window panels can be opened or closed vertically; d. said two active exterior window panels and said two active interior window panels define an air pressure chamber therebetween; e. a first slidable insect/solar screen and a second slidable insect/solar screen positioned in said pair of vertical parallel elongated tracks of said middle frame section and located between said two active exterior window panels and said two active interior window panels, where the slidable insect/solar screens can be slid vertically; f. said middle frame section having a hollow chamber located all around said middle frame section with a multiplicity of perforations; g. a multiplicity of weep holes located on said exterior frame section adjacent to said bottom frame member for allowing air to flow through to said air pressure chamber, said air pressure chamber opens to the outside atmosphere through the multiplicity of weep holes, where said air pressure chamber reduces water entry through said two active exterior window panels; and h. a glass wool material inserted in said hollow chamber of said middle frame section for absorbing sound waves and preventing the flow of foreign material therethrough; i. whereby when said two active interior window panels are opened and said two active exterior window panels are closed, the heat from the solar energy absorbed by said insect/solar screens can transfer inside said building structure, when said two active interior window panels are closed, and said two active exterior window panels are opened, the heat from the solar energy absorbed by said insect/solar screens can dissipate to outside of said building structure, when said two active interior window panels and said two active exterior window panels are opened, fresh air can ventilate said building structure, said two active interior window panels and said two active exterior window panels are closed, the inside of said building structure is isolated from the outside of said building structure, and any audible vibrations between said two active interior window panels and said two active exterior window panels are partially absorbed by said glass wool material. 10. The invention as defined in claim 9 further comprising means for mounting said common frame to a wall opening of said building structure. 11. The invention as defined in claim 9 further comprising glides attached to said two active exterior window panels and said two active interior window panels for allowing said two active exterior window panels and said two active interior window panels to slide vertically up and down. 12. The invention as defined in claim 9 further comprising glazing gaskets located on said two active exterior window panels and said two active interior window panels at opposite locations for sealing said window panels. 13. The invention as defined in claim 9 further comprising a lock and a sliding bolt located on said two active exterior window panels and said two active interior window panels for locking and holding said two active exterior window panels and said two active interior window panels. 14. The invention as defined in claim 9 wherein said two active exterior window panels and said two active interior window panels are single glazing glasses. 15. The invention as defined in claim 9 wherein said multiplicity of weep holes are shielded by a horizontal member of a sill to prevent rain from running down over said multiplicity of weep holes. 16. The invention as defined in claim 9 wherein said pair of vertical parallel elongated tracks of said middle frame section are made of PVC plastic. 17. A double window apparatus, comprising: a. a frame having a top member, a bottom member and two side members, the frame including an exterior section, a middle section and an interior section; b. at least one exterior window positioned in said exterior section of said frame, where the at least one exterior window can be opened or closed; c. at least one interior window position in said interior section of said frame, where the at least one interior window can be opened or closed; d. said at least one exterior window and said at least one interior window define a pressure chamber therebetween; e. at least one screen positioned in said middle section of said frame, where the at least one screen is located between said at least one exterior window and said at least one interior window; f. said middle section having a hollow chamber located all around said frame with a multiplicity of perforations; g. means for allowing air to flow through to said pressure chamber, said pressure chamber opens to the outside atmosphere, where said pressure chamber reduces water entry through said at least one exterior window; and h. an acoustic absorbent material inserted in said hollow chamber of said middle section for absorbing sound waves and preventing the flow of foreign material from said at least one exterior window to said at least one interior window; i. whereby when said at least one interior window is opened and said at least one exterior window is closed, the heat from the solar energy absorbed by at least one screen can transfer inside said structure, when said at least one interior window is closed and said at least one exterior window is opened, the heat from the solar energy absorbed by said at least one screen can dissipate to outside of said structure, when said at least one interior and exterior windows are opened, fresh air can ventilate said structure, and when said at least one interior and exterior windows are closed, the inside of said structure is isolated from the outside of said structure, and any audible vibrations between said at least one interior and exterior windows are partially absorbed by said acoustic absorbent material. 18. The invention as defined in claim 17 further comprising glazing gaskets located on said at least one exterior and interior windows. 19. The invention as defined in claim 17 further comprising a lock and a pull handle located on said at least one exterior and interior windows for locking and opening said at least one exterior and interior windows. 20. The invention as defined in claim 17 wherein said at least one exterior and interior windows are single glazing glass. 21. The invention as defined in claim 17 wherein said at least one screen is an insect/solar screen. 22. The invention as defined in claim 17 wherein said means for allowing air to flow through to said pressure chamber includes a multiplicity of weep holes, the multiplicity of weep holes shielded by a horizontal member of a sill to prevent rain from running down over the multiplicity of weep holes. 23. A double horizontal window apparatus for a building structure, comprising: a. a generally rectangular common frame having a top frame member, a bottom frame member and two opposite lateral frame members, the common frame including an exterior frame section, a middle frame section and an interior frame section, each having a pair of parallel elongated tracks; b. an inactive exterior window panel and an active exterior window panel positioned in said pair of parallel elongated tracks of said exterior frame section, where the active exterior window panel can be opened or closed horizontally; c. an inactive interior window panel and an active interior window panel positioned in said pair of parallel elongated tracks of said interior frame section, where the active interior window panel can be opened or closed horizontally; d. said exterior window panels and said interior window panels define an air pressure chamber therebetween; e. a first slidable insect/solar screen and a second slidable insect/solar screen positioned in said pair of parallel elongated tracks of said middle frame section and located between said exterior window panels and said interior window panels, where the slidable insect/solar screens can be slid horizontally; f. said middle frame section having a hollow chamber located all around said middle frame section with a multiplicity of perforations; g. a multiplicity of weep holes located on said exterior frame section adjacent to said bottom frame member for allowing air to flow through to said air pressure chamber, said air pressure chamber opens to the outside atmosphere through the multiplicity of weep holes, where said air pressure chamber reduces water entry through said exterior window panels; and h. a glass wool material inserted in said hollow chamber of said middle frame section for absorbing sound waves and preventing the flow of foreign material therethrough; i. whereby when said active interior window panel is opened and said active exterior window panel is closed, the heat from the solar energy absorbed by said insect/solar screens can transfer inside said building structure, when said active interior window panel is closed and said active exterior window panel is opened, the heat from the solar energy absorbed by said insect/solar screens can dissipate outside of said building structure, when said active interior and exterior windows are both opened, fresh air can ventilate said building structure, and when said active interior and exterior windows are both closed, the inside of said building structure is isolated from the outside of said building structure, and any audible vibrations between said interior and exterior window panels are partially absorbed by said glass wool material. 24. A double vertical window apparatus for a building structure, comprising: a. a generally rectangular common frame having a top frame member, a bottom frame member and two opposite lateral frame members, the common frame including an exterior frame section, a middle frame section and an interior frame section, each having a pair of parallel elongated tracks; b. an inactive exterior window panel and an active exterior window panel positioned in said pair of parallel elongated tracks of said exterior frame section, where the active exterior window panel can be opened or closed vertically; an inactive interior window panel and an active interior window panel positioned in said pair of parallel elongated tracks of said interior frame section, where the active interior window panel can be opened or closed vertically; d. said exterior window panels and said interior window panels define an air pressure chamber therebetween; e. a first slidable insect/solar screen and a second slidable insect/solar screen positioned in said pair of parallel elongated tracks of said middle frame section and located between said exterior window panels and said interior window panels, where the slidable insect/solar screens can be slid vertically; f. said middle frame section having a hollow chamber located all around said middle frame section with a multiplicity of perforations; g. a multiplicity of weep holes located on said exterior frame section adjacent to said bottom frame member for allowing air to flow through to said air pressure chamber, said air pressure chamber opens to the outside atmosphere through the multiplicity of weep holes, where said air pressure chamber reduces water entry through said exterior window panels; and h. a glass wool material inserted in said hollow chamber of said middle frame section for absorbing sound waves and preventing the flow of foreign material therethrough; i. whereby when said active interior window panel is opened and said active exterior window panel is closed, the heat from the solar energy absorbed by said insect/solar screens can transfer inside said building structure, when said active interior window panel is closed, and said active exterior window panel is opened, the heat from the solar energy absorbed by said insect/solar screens can dissipate to outside of said building structure, when said active interior and exterior windows are both opened, fresh air can ventilate said building structure, said active interior and exterior windows are both closed, the inside of said building structure is isolated from the outside of said building structure, and any audible vibrations between said interior and exterior window panels are partially absorbed by said glass wool material. 25. A double window apparatus, comprising: a. a common frame for mounting an exterior window, an interior window and a screen therebetween, both the exterior and the interior windows being individually openable or closable; b. said frame having means for equalizing the air pressure between said exterior and interior windows to that of the outside atmosphere, to reduce water leakage through said exterior window; and c. said frame further having a perforated hollow chamber located within said frame and around said screen and filled with an acoustic absorbent material for absorbing acoustic vibration to reduce noise transmitted through said double window apparatus. 26. The invention as defined in claim 25 wherein said means for equalizing the air pressure includes a multiplicity of weep holes in said common frame, located adjacent to said exterior window. 27. A double window apparatus, comprising: a. a common frame for mounting an exterior window, an interior window and a screen therebetween, both the exterior and the interior windows being individually openable or closable; b. said screen further having means for absorbing solar energy and transferring the solar energy inside the building or dissipating the solar energy outside the building; and c. said frame having means for absorbing acoustic vibration to reduce noise transmitted through said double window apparatus. 28. The invention as defined in claim 27 wherein said means for absorbing acoustic vibration includes a perforated chamber within said frame, located around said screen and filled with an acoustic absorbent material. 