A remote logger unit monitors various operating parameters of a distribution line, or transmission system, such as pressure, temperature and flow such as for natural gas, water or oil, and alerts a central controller via an RF link when predetermined operating limits as determined by the logger unit are exceeded. A plurality of such remote logger units may be employed along the length of the distribution line for monitoring the complete system, with the reports of more distant logger units routed to the central controller via closer logger units. Each logger unit is passive in operation, autonomous and entirely independent of the central controller, and also provides routine operation data to the central controller when prompted, or at designated time intervals. The reported data includes the identity of the logger unit, the nature of the data or alert, and the time and date of the report.
Claims We claim: 1. Apparatus for monitoring a distribution line such as for gas, water or oil at a plurality of remote locations and providing status and alarm information for said distribution line, said apparatus comprising: a plurality of remote logger units each located at a respective remote site and including a plurality of sensors coupled to the distribution line for providing status signals representing operating parameters of the distribution line, wherein each of said logger units includes: alarm means for comparing each of said status signals with predetermined upper and/or lower limits associated with a respective operating parameter of the distribution line and for providing an alarm signal when a given status signal exceeds an upper or lower limit associated with said respective operating parameter; RF transmitter/receiver means for providing RF signals representing said status and alarm signals and for receiving RF signals from another of said logger units; and control means coupled to said RF transmitter means for transmitting an RF signal representing said status signals at predetermined time intervals and for transmitting an RF signal representing said alarm signal when said alarm signal occurs; a central controller responsive to said transmitted RF signals for recording and displaying said status and alarm signals; and message routing means in each of said remote logger units for directing said RF signals from a first remote logger unit to said central controller via one or more second remote logger units. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said first remote logger unit is more distant than said one or more second remote logger units from said central controller. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said message routing means includes means for directing said RF signals through predetermined ones of said one or more second remote logger units to said central controller from said first remote logger unit. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein each remote logger unit includes solar energy converting means for powering each of said remote logger units. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 wherein each remote logger unit further includes a storage battery coupled to said solar energy converting means for storing energy and for powering its associated remote logger unit when solar energy is low. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said alarm signal includes information describing the nature and source of the alarm. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said RF signals include the time and date of the occurrence of associated status and alarm signals. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said central controller includes a printer for providing a printout of said RF signals representing said status and alarm signals. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said control means includes means for accessing each of said sensors in a predetermined, timed manner for providing said status and alarm signals. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein said control means further includes timing means for providing an alarm signal to said central controller if a status or alarm signal is not received within a predetermined time period after a sensor is accessed. 11. A method for monitoring a distribution line such as for gas, water or oil at a central controller, said method comprising the steps of: detecting operating parameters of the distribution line at one of a plurality of remote sites in the distribution line and providing a plurality of status signals each representing a respective operating parameter of the distribution line; comparing each status signal with a respective high and/or low operating parameter limit and providing an alarm signal when a status signal exceeds its associated high or low operating parameter limit; and transmitting an RF signal representing said status signals at predetermined time intervals or representing said alarm signal when said alarm signal occurs from said one of said remote sites to the central controller wherein the step of transmitting an RF signal from one of said remote sites to said central controller includes routing of said RF signal from said one remote site via other ones of said remote sites to said central controller. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein said other ones of said remote sites are disposed intermediate said one remote site and said central controller. 13. The method of claim 11 wherein said status and alarm signals include an identity of said one remote site and the time, date and nature of said operating parameters and the operating parameter limit exceeded, respectively. 