An apparatus and method for compensating for the measured variation in bearing between magnetic north as read on a compass and true north as may be determined by juxtaposition with the sun at a given time. Such apparatus and method is particularly useful in vessels or other environments in which there are either or both disturbances in the natural magnetic flux pattern of the earth and natural variations between natural magnetic and true north.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for compensating for deviations between the reading of a magnetic compass and the true bearing of a vessel, the apparatus comprising: a mounting plate for a compass rose, said mounting plate having an index line which is congruent with or parallel to the center line of said vessel and means for leveling said mounting plate to provide a level surface for a compass rose and an axle for a compass rose along said index line; a compass rose whose center is at said axle and which is calibrated in units the same or readily convertible to the units of a magnetic compass to be compensated, said rose further being capable of alternately being rotated or fixed in position about said axle; and solar aiming means, said solar aiming means providing means for precise alignment of an index about said axle as necessary to precisely fix the position of the sun at a given time, said solar aiming means further comprising a reading arm which may be rotated about said axle and which comes to a point upon said compass rose calibration, and a solar aiming arm, said solar aiming arm being mounted or attached to said reading arm so that said solar aiming arm may be rotated both in a plane which is perpendicular to said rose from a hinge upon said reading arm at or near the opposite reading arm end from said point and includes the line from the compass rose center and said reading arm point and also may be rotated together with said reading arm about said axle until said solar aiming arm is pointed directly at a target, such as the sun. 2. The compass compensation apparatus described in claim 1, in which said solar aiming arm further comprises an aiming plate near the forward end of said solar aiming arm, said aiming plate being opaque and adapted with one or more small holes to allow the passage of light parallel to the length of said arm and a target plate, said target plate being mounted near the rear end of said solar aiming arm and defining a plane generally perpendicular to said solar aiming arm and of a shade such that a beam of solar light passing through one of said aiming plate small holes can be seen upon the surface of said target plate. 3. The apparatus described in claim 2 in which said solar aiming arm is pivotally mounted to said reading arm at a point opposite said reading arm point from said axle and in which said solar aiming arm is adapted with a slot within which said axle may be passed throughout a range of rotation of said solar aiming arm sufficient to permit it to be precisely aimed at the sun, said small holes being positioned upon said aiming plate so that said passing light beams may pass on one side or the other of said axle before striking said target plate. 4. The apparatus described in claim 1 in which said mounting plate leveling means further comprises two or more leveling bubbles, each of which are parallel to said mounting plate and perpendicular to each other and lockable adjusting means so that said mounting plate may be adjusted and then locked in a position as determined to be level with the surface of the earth. 5. The apparatus described in claim 2 in which said mounting plate leveling means further comprises two or more leveling bubbles, each of which are parallel to said mounting plate and perpendicular to each other and lockable adjusting means so that said mounting plate may be adjusted and then locked in a position as determined to be level with the surface of the earth. 6. The apparatus described in claim 3 in which said mounting plate leveling means further comprises two or more leveling bubbles, each of which are parallel to said mounting plate and perpendicular to each other and lockable adjusting means so that said mounting plate may be adjusted and then locked in a position as determined to be level with the surface of the earth. 7. The compass compensation apparatus described in claim 1 in which said compass compensation apparatus further comprises a timepiece which is accurate and consistent. 8. The compass compensation apparatus described in claim 2 in which said compass compensation apparatus further comprises a timepiece which is accurate and consistent. 9. The compass compensation apparatus described in claim 3 in which said compass compensation apparatus further comprises a timepiece which is accurate and consistent. 10. The compass compensation apparatus described in claim 4 in which said compass compensation apparatus further comprises a timepiece which is accurate and consistent. 11. The compass compensation apparatus described in claim 5 in which said compass compensation apparatus further comprises a timepiece which is accurate and consistent. 12. The compass compensation apparatus described in claim 6 in which said compass compensation apparatus further comprises a timepiece which is accurate and consistent. 13. The compass compensation apparatus described in claim 1 in which said compass compensation apparatus further comprises a timepiece which is accurate and consistent and reference charts which accurately provide the orientation of the sun with respect to a given point on the earth at a given time. 14. The compass compensation apparatus described in claim 2 in which said compass compensation apparatus further comprises a timepiece which is accurate and consistent and reference charts which accurately provide the orientation of the sun with respect to a given point on the earth at a given time. 15. The compass compensation apparatus described in claim 3 in which said compass compensation apparatus further comprises a timepiece which is accurate and consistent and reference charts which accurately provide the orientation of the sun with respect to a given point on the earth at a given time. 16. The compass compensation apparatus described in claim 4 in which said compass compensation apparatus further comprises a timepiece which is accurate and consistent and reference charts which accurately provide the orientation of the sun with respect to a given point on the earth at a given time. 17. The compass compensation apparatus described in claim 5 in which said compass compensation apparatus further comprises a timepiece which is accurate and consistent and reference charts which accurately provide the orientation of the sun with respect to a given point on the earth at a given time. 18. The compass compensation apparatus described in claim 6 in which said compass compensation apparatus further comprises a timepiece which is accurate and consistent and reference charts which accurately provide the orientation of the sun with respect to a given point on the earth at a given time. 