A water craft having a hull with trolling motors contained within the hull and either an inboard or outboard motor as the primary motor for moving the water craft is described. The trolling motors are contained either in angled recesses or angled passageways. Control of the motors can be accomplished by using one of at least two control devices. The hull or the like can help to insulate the motors such that noise is reduced.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In combination a water craft and trolling system comprising: a water craft having a hull defining fore portion, a stem portion, and port and starboard sides; a primary motor, attached to said hull, for propelling said water craft through water; and a trolling system for trolling said water craft through water, said trolling system including at least one fluid passageway extending from along a longitudinal axis of said water craft, said fluid passageway having two angled passageways at both of said fore portion and said stern portion of said fluid passageway and extending through said hull to allow ingress and egress of water through said fluid passageway, said trolling system also including an impeller and an impeller driving motor positioned in each angled passageway and each of said impellers being operably coupled to a respective impeller driving motor for effecting trolling movement of said water craft. 2. A water craft and trolling system as in claim 1 wherein said trolling system includes a passive port in fluid communication with said fluid passageway and said angled passageways. 3. A water craft and trolling system as in claim 1 wherein each said impelling driving motor is one directional, such that the coupled impellers rotate in only one direction. 4. A water craft and trolling system as in claim 1 wherein said impeller driving motors are electrically operated. 5. A water draft and trolling system as in claim 4 wherein said electrically operated impeller driven motors are powered by a solar cell. 6. A water craft and trolling system as in claim 4 wherein said electric impeller driving motors are battery powered. 7. A water craft and trolling system as in claim 1 wherein said impeller driving motors are each individually controllable by at least two separate manual controls. 8. A water craft and trolling system as in claim 1 wherein said primary motor further comprises an outboard motor. 9. A water craft and trolling system as in claim 8 wherein said trolling system further comprises an electric motor driven impeller positioned in each of said angled passageways, and wherein said electric motor driven impellers are rated at a horsepower substantially less than the horsepower of said outboard motor such that when said impellers are operated, said water craft moves in a trolling manner without producing noise sufficient to frighten nearby aquatic creatures. 10. A water craft and trolling system as in claim 1 wherein said primary motor further comprises an inboard motor. 11. A water craft and trolling system as in claim 10 wherein said trolling system further comprises an electric motor driven impeller positioned in each of said angled passageways, and wherein said electric motor driven impellers are rated at a horsepower substantially less than the horsepower of said inboard motor such that when said impellers are operated, said water craft moves in a trolling manner without producing noise sufficient to frighten nearby aquatic creatures. 12. In a water craft hull, a trolling system comprising: a fluid passageway extending along a longitudinal axis of said water craft hull; a pair of angled passageways, each extending at an angle greater than zero from said fluid passageway and through the hull of said water craft such that water can flow into or out of said fluid passageway; a motor positioned in each of said angled passageways; and an impeller positioned within each said angled passageway and driven by a corresponding one of said motors, and means for independently actuating said impellers and for enabling said water craft to turn, move or stop by independent actuation of said impellers to effect a trolling movement. 13. A trolling system as in claim 12 wherein said motor is a one directional electric motor. 14. A trolling system as in claim 12 wherein said motor is mounted within said angled passageway using a single screw thread coupling. 15. A trolling system as in claim 12 wherein said impeller is controllable by at least two control pads. 16. A trolling system as in claim 12 wherein said angled passageway is angled at generally 271/2 plus or minus 10.degree. relative to said fluid passageway. 17. A trolling system as in claim 12 wherein a passive port is provided in fluid communication with said fluid passageway and said angled passageways. 18. A water craft comprising: a hull having a fore portion, a stem portion and starboard and port sides; at least one fluid passageway extending along a longitudinal axis of said water craft; and two angled passageways extending at an angle from said fluid passageway adjacent said fore portion of said hull and two angled passageways extending at an angle from said fluid passageway adjacent said stem portion of said hull, said angled passageways extending through said hull such that only four holes, associated with said angled passageways are formed in said hull for the ingress and/or egress of water, and wherein an impeller is mounted in each of said angled passageways. 19. A water craft as in claim 18 wherein said water craft includes a water line defined by the level to which water rises on the exterior of said hull when said water craft is placed in water, and wherein said fluid passageway and said angled passageways are positioned wholly below said water line. 20. A water craft as in claim 18 wherein each of said angled passageways are generally at an angle in the range of 171/2 to 371/2 from said fluid passageway. 21. A water craft as in claim 18 further comprising fasteners for removably mounting said impellers in said angled passageways. 22. A water craft as in claim 21 wherein said impellers are attached to motors contained in said angled passageways and said fasteners mount said motors therein, said fasteners including, in each instance, a single screw thread connection between said motor and said angled passageway. 23. A water craft as in claim 18 wherein said impellers are coupled to at least two movable manual controls for independently controlling actuation of said impellers. 24. A water craft as in claim 18 further comprising an outboard motor attached to said hull for propelling said water craft independent of said impellers. 25. A boat as in claim 24 wherein said impellers are powered by electric motors rated at a horsepower substantially less than the horsepower of said outboard motor, such that when said impellers are actuated, said water craft moves in a trolling manner without producing noise sufficient to frighten nearby aquatic creatures. 26. A water craft as in claim 18 further comprising an inboard motor attached to said hull for propelling said water craft independent of said impellers. 27. A water craft as in claim 26 wherein said impellers are powered by electric motors rated at a horsepower substantially less than the horsepower of said inboard motor, such that when said impellers are actuated, said water craft moves in a trolling manner without producing noise sufficient to frighten nearby aquatic creatures. 28. A water craft as in claim 18 wherein the ingress and/or egress of water in said angled passageways can be adjusted so that said water craft can turn any degree up to a full 360.degree.. 29. A water craft as in claim 18 wherein the ingress and/or egress of water in said angled passageways can be controlled from anywhere on said water craft by movable control elements. 30. A water craft as in claim 18 further comprising a passive port in fluid communication with said fluid passageway and said angled passageways. 