A protecting apparatus protects an electronic device which is provided on a vehicle having a storage battery and a solar battery and which inputs output voltages of the storage battery and the solar battery to the electronic device. The protecting apparatus includes a voltage determining unit for determining whether or not the output voltage of the storage battery is normal, an interruption unit for interrupting a path from the solar battery to the electronic device, and a control unit for controlling the interruption unit and thereby interrupting the path when the voltage determination unit determines that the voltage of the storage battery is not normal.
Claims WHAT IS CLAIMED IS: 1. A protecting apparatus for protecting an electronic device, the electronic device being provided on a vehicle having a storage battery and a solar battery, and being capable of operating under an output voltage supplied from outputs of the storage battery and the solar battery, the protecting apparatus comprising: a reset circuit including means for monitoring normal operation of said electronic device determining whether or not the electronic device operates normally, and resetting the electronic device when it is determined that the electronic device does not operate normally; an interruption circuit for interrupting a path on which the voltage is supplied from the solar battery to the electronic device: and a control means in said electronic device responsive to said reset circuit for controlling said interruption circuit to interrupt the path from the solar battery to the electronic device when the electronic device is reset by the reset circuit, so that the electronic device may be protected. 2. A protecting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said interruption comprises a switching circuit in the path between the output of the solar battery and the electronic device. 3. A protecting apparatus according to claim 2, wherein said switching circuit includes a control terminal for controlling the switching circuit to interrupt the path on which voltage is supplied from the solar battery to the electronic device and wherein an output signal of said control means is input to the control terminal of said switching circuit. 4. A protecting apparatus according to claim 3, wherein said control means comprises an output port provided in said electronic device which is connected to the control terminal of said switching circuit, the output impedance of said output port being high when said electronic device is reset by said reset circuit. 5. A protecting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said electronic device comprises a CMOS element which uses the output of the storage battery as a power source. 6. A protecting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said electronic device is a micro, computer, and the reset circuit comprises a power-on-reset circuit for said microcomputer. 7. A protecting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the electronic device includes a CMOS element and the CMOS element is protected by interrupting the path from the solar battery to the electronic device. 