A photovoltaic film provided with a computer allows the computer to be used as a scanner as well as a conventional computer. In a preferred embodiment the photovoltaic film is transparent, and is applied directly to the display screen of the computer system. The film is connected to signal processing means connected to the internal bus structure of the computer. A hard copy document is positioned adjacent the film, and control routines loaded to and run on the computer control pixel illumination on the computer screen in a scanning protocol. Illumination of pixels in conjunction with characteristics of the hard copy at the pixel position cause the signal generated by the photovoltaic film to alter in voltage. Signals from the film are processed and used to generate a bit pattern as the scanned image. In an alternative embodiment the photovoltaic film is a part of a separate sheet applicable to a computer screen and connectable to an expansion card for connection to the computer, providing a system useful with existing computers.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A display system for scanning hard copy documents, comprising: a display having a front surface and configured for illuminating pixel elements in a sequence determined by a host computer; a photosensitive layer overlying at least a portion of the front surface; and circuitry connected to the photosensitive layer for providing electrical signals generated in the photosensitive layer to the host computer. 2. A display system as in claim 1 further comprising mounting apparatus for mounting a hard copy document adjacent the display. 3. A display system as in claim 1 wherein the photosensitive layer comprises a layer of substantially transparent material integral with the front surface of the display, 4. A display system as in claim 1 wherein the photosensitive layer is a part of a separate and removable panel configured for mounting adjacent to the front surface of the display. 5. A display system as in claim 1 wherein the display comprises a cathode ray tube. 6. A display system as in claim 1 wherein the display comprises an LED display matrix. 7. A display system as in claim 1 wherein the display comprises an array of electroluminescent cells, 8. A display system as in claim 1 wherein the photosensitive layer is a photovoltaic film, and the signals generated as a result of incident light comprise variations in voltage. 9. A computer system configured for scanning hard copy documents comprising: a general-purpose computer; and a display system connected to the general-purpose computer; Wherein the display system comprises a display with a photosensitive layer overlying at least a portion of a front surface thereof, and signal circuitry for providing electrical signals generated in the photosensitive layer to the general-purpose computer. 10. A computer system as in claim 9 wherein the computer system comprises a laptop personal computer having a fiat panel display. 11. A computer system as in claim 9 wherein the photosensitive layer comprises a layer of substantially transparent material integral with the front surface of the display. 12. A computer system as in claim 9 wherein the photosensitive layer is a part of a separate and removable panel configured for mounting adjacent the front surface of the display. 13. A computer system as in claim 9 wherein the photosensitive layer comprises a photovoltaic film. 14. A scanning system for use with a general-purpose computer having a display with a front surface, comprising: a sheet comprising a photosensitive layer, the sheet configured for positioning adjacent the front surface of the display for generating a signal in response to light from illuminated pixels on the display; electrical circuitry connected to the photosensitive layer and configured for conveying signals generated by the photosensitive layer to the general-purpose computer; and control circuitry for receiving and processing signals from the photosensitive layer to provide a bit mapped image of a hard copy document placed adjacent the photosensitive layer. 15. A scanning system as in claim 14 wherein the control circuitry for receiving and processing signals is configured as an expansion card compatible with expansion slots in an IBM compatible computer. 16. A scanner panel for use with general-purpose computer having a display with a front surface, comprising: a transparent panel for positioning adjacent the front surface; a transparent, photosensitive layer overlying at least a portion of the transparent panel; and electrical circuitry connected to the photosensitive layer and configured for conveying signals generated by the photosensitive layer to the general-purpose computer. 17. A scanner panel as in claim 16 wherein the panel comprises a sheet of flexible polymeric material for improving transport and storage characteristics. 