An electrically driven fan mounted on the brim or crown of a cap or other head gear is manufactured from plastic, and readily mountable on the head gear without the need for special tools or skills. Dry cell batteries are mounted in the crown of the hat and the impeller of the fan units acts within a recess within the fan unit to pull air downwardly across the face of the user.
Claims I claim: 1. In an article of head gear the improvement comprising: a fan unit including a multi-bladed impeller, an electric motor for driving the impeller, a housing for the electric motor, said housing including first and second interfitting mounting elements that are adapted to be received in an opening defined for this purpose in the head gear, each mounting element having an outer rim and having an inner portion with radial arms connecting the inner portion to the outer rim, one of said outer rims having an upstanding annular member, and the other of said outer rims defining an annular recess for receiving said upstanding annular member frictionally, said radially extending arms of one of said mounting elements being adapted to fit within a channel formed in the radial arms of the other of said mounting elements. 2. The combination according to claim 1 wherein a portion of the head gear is itself retained between the rims of said first and second elements. 3. The combination according to claim 2 wherein a groove is formed within said radial arms of said first or second element to afford passage for electrical leads from the electric motor to a power source. 4. The combination according to claim 3 wherein said power source is provided in the form of at least one dry cell battery. 5. The combination according to claim 3 wherein said power source is provided in the form of a solar panel. 6. The combination according to claim 1 wherein said fan unit is provided in the brim of the head gear. 7. The combination according to claim 1 wherein said fan unit is provided at the crown of the head gear. 8. The combination according to claim 1 wherein opposed planar surfaces of the rims of said first and second mounting elements are formed with protrusions adapted to penetrate a part of the head gear to which the fan unit is affixed. 