A temperature control system has a light intensity detection device for providing temperature compensation in accordance with the variation in angle of incident sunlight. The light intensity detection device includes a photoelectric device having a light receiving surface and which produces an electrical output signal in accordance with the intensity of received light. An optical device is disposed between a light source and the light receiving surface. Incident light transmitted through the optical device is re-directed to the light receiving surface by a plurality of prism surfaces disposed on the optical device facing the photoelectric device. The prism surfaces may be concentrically arranged around the optical axis of the photoelectric device. The surface area and angle of orientation of respective prism surfaces are predetermined such that the output electrical signal of the photoelectric device corresponds to a predetermined function in accordance with the thermal energy produced in the vicinity of the light intensity detection device as a function of the angle of incidence of incident light. Thus, the temperature, for example, in an automobile cabin may be precisely and accurately controlled and any variation in thermal energy within the interior of the cabin due to incident light may be compensated for.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A thermal load detection device for detecting the thermal load due to incident light from a light source comprising: a photoelectric device having a light receiving surface and means for producing an electrical output signal in accordance with the intensity of light received by the light receiving surface; and an optical member receptive of incident light from the light source and comprising a plurality of prism surfaces disposed between the light source and the light receiving surface of said photoelectric device for redirecting incident light from the light source to the light receiving surface of the photoelectric device; wherein respective prism surfaces have a predetermined surface area and an angle of inclination with respect to a central axis of the optical member such that the electrical output signal of the photoelectric device corresponds to a thermal load produced by the incident light in the vicinity of the light intensity detection device. 2. A thermal load detection device according to claim 1; wherein the prism surfaces of the optical member are formed concentrically around the optical axis of the photoelectric device. 3. A thermal load detection device according to claim 1; wherein the angle of inclination with respect to the central axis of the optical device and the surface area of each respective prism surface are determined such that a light flux width corresponding to a desired electrical output signal from the photoelectric device at each incident angle of light is re-directed by respective prism surfaces to reach the light receiving surface of the photoelectric device. 4. A thermal load detection device according to claim 1; wherein the optical device is formed of a semi-transparent material, and the angle of inclination with respect to the central axis of the optical device and the surface area of respective prism surfaces are determined according to a transmission factor of the optical device. 5. In a temperature control apparatus for controlling the temperature in the cabin of an automobile: a thermal load detection device according to claim 1, wherein the photoelectric device and the optical member are mounted on a dashboard in the cabin of the automobile such that the optical member is exposed to incident solar radiation through a windshield of the automobile. 6. A thermal load detection device according to claim 1; wherein the angle of inclination of respective prism surfaces is such that the intensity of light directed from the optical member to the light-receiving surface of the photoelectric device has a maximum value when the angle of incidence of incident light is in the range of 30.degree. to 50.degree.. 7. A thermal load detection device according to claim 1; wherein the optical member includes means for diffusing light incident on the optical member to decrease the light reaching the light receiving surface of the photoelectric device when the angle of incidence of incident light is above a predetermined value. 8. A thermal load detection device according to claim 1; wherein an outer surface of the optical member facing the light source is convex and wherein respective prism surfaces have an angle of inclination and a surface area such that light received by the light receiving surface of the photoelectric device is decreased when the angle of incidence of incident light from the light source is above a first predetermined value and is increased when the angle of incidence of the incident light from the light source is below a second predetermined value. 9. A light intensity detection device for detecting the intensity of incident light from a light source comprising: a photoelectric device having a mounting surface for mounting in the cabin of an automobile, a light receiving surface and means for producing an electrical output signal in accordance with the intensity of light radiated at the light receiving surface thereof; and an optical device disposed between the light source and the light receiving surface of said photoelectric device; wherein said optical device comprises a plurality of prism surfaces each of which is disposed at an angle of inclination with respect to an optical axis of the photoelectric device and has a radiation area which is predetermined such that the electrical output signal from said photoelectric device corresponds to the thermal load in the automobile from the light source cabin due to the incident light. 10. A light intensity detection device according to claim 9; wherein said photoelectric device is mounted on a dashboard in said automobile cabin such that the optical device is exposed to incident solar radiation through a windshield of the automobile. 11. A light intensity detection device according to claim 9; wherein said prism surfaces of said optical device are formed concentrically around the optical axis of said photoelectric device. 12. A light intensity detection device according to claim 11; wherein the angle of inclination with respect to the optical axis of the photoelectric device and the radiation area of each of the respective prism surfaces are such that a light flux width corresponding to a desired electrical output signal from said photoelectric device at each incident angle of incident light is re-directed by respective prism surfaces to said light receiving surface of said photoelectric device. 13. A light intensity detection device according to claim 11; wherein said optical device is made of semi-transparent material, and the angle of inclination with respect to the optical axis and the radiation area of respective prism surfaces are determined according to a transmission factor of said optical device. 14. A light intensity detection device according to claim 11; wherein an incident light surface of said optical device is satin finished, and the angle of inclination with respect to the optical axis and the radiation area of respective prism surfaces are determined according to the density of said satin finish. 15. A luminous flux intensity detection device comprising: a photoelectric device having a luminous flux receiving surface and means for producing an electrical output signal in accordance with the intensity of luminous flux received by the luminous flux receiving surface; and an optical member receptive of incident luminous flux from a radiation source, the optical member comprising a plurality of prisms disposed between the radiation source and the luminous flux receiving surface of the photoelectric device; wherein respective prisms have a surface area and an angle of orientation with respect to a central axis of the optical member such that the electrical output signal of the photoelectric device corresponds to a thermal load produced by the incident luminous flux in the vicinity of the luminous flux detection device. 16. A luminous flux intensity detection device according to claim 15; wherein the photoelectric device has a light receiving surface, and the means for producing an electrical output produces an electrical output in accordance with the intensity of light received by the light receiving surface. 