An object of the present invention is to provide a photovoltaic device and a method of producing the photovoltaic device which can prevent recombination of photo-excited carriers and which permits increases in the open circuit voltage and the carrier range. The photovoltaic device of the present invention has a laminate structure composed of at least a p-type layer of a silicon non-single crystal semiconductor, a photoactive layer having a plurality of i-type layers, and an n-type layer. The photoactive layer has a laminate structure composed of a first i-type layer deposited on the side of the n-type layer by a microwave plasma CVD process, and a second i-type layer deposited on the side of said the p-type layer by an RF plasma CVD process. The first i-type layer deposited by the microwave plasma CVD process contains at least silicon and carbon atoms, and has a minimum band gap between the center thereof and the p-type layer, and the second i-type layer deposited by the RF plasma CVD process contains at least silicon atoms and has a thickness of 30 nm or less.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic device comprising a p-type semiconductor region, an i-type non-single crystal semiconductor region, and an n-type semiconductor region, wherein said i-type non-single crystal semiconductor region comprises a first i-type semiconductor region containing silicon and carbon atoms on the side of said n-type semiconductor region, said first region having a minimum energy band gap between the center thereof and said p-type region, and a second i-type semiconductor region containing silicon atoms and having a thickness of 30 nm or less on the side of said p-region. 2. A photovoltaic device according to claim 1, wherein said first i-type region has a region with a maximum band gap between the center thereof and at least one of said p-type region and said n-type region, and the first i-type region with the maximum band gap has a thickness of 1 to 30 nm. 3. A photovoltaic device according to claim 1, wherein said first i-type region and/or said second i-type region contain(s) both a valence electron controlling agent as a donor and a valence electron controlling agent as an acceptor. 4. A photovoltaic device according to claim 3, wherein said valence electron controlling agent as a donor is an element in Group III of the Periodic Table, and said valence electron controlling agent as an acceptor is an element in Group V of the Periodic Table. 5. A photovoltaic device according to claim 3, wherein said valence electron controlling agents are distributed in a changing amount in said first i-type region and/or said second i-type region. 6. A photovoltaic device according to claim 1, wherein the content of hydrogen atoms contained in said first i-type region changes in accordance with the content of silicon atoms in said first i-type region. 7. A photovoltaic device according to claim 1, wherein said first i-type region and/or said second i-type region contains oxygen and/or nitrogen atoms. 8. A photovoltaic device according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said p-type region and said n-type region has a laminate structure comprising a layer containing, as a main component, at least one element in Group III and/or V of the Periodic Table, and a layer containing a valence electron controlling agent and silicon atoms as a main component. 9. A photovoltaic device comprising a laminate of at least a p-type layer comprising a silicon non-single crystal semiconductor, a photoactive layer comprising a plurality of i-type layers, and an n-type layer, wherein said photoactive layer has a laminate structure comprising at least a first i-type layer deposited on the side of said n-type layer by a microwave plasma CVD process, and a second i-type layer deposited on the side of said p-type layer by a RF plasma CVD process, said first i-type layer deposited by said microwave plasma CVD process contains at least silicon and carbon atoms, and has a minimum band gap between the center thereof and said p-type layer, and said second i-type layer deposited by said RF plasma CVD process contains at least silicon atoms and has a thickness of 30 nm or less. 10. A photovoltaic device according to claim 9, wherein said first i-type layer deposited by said microwave plasma CVD process has a region with a maximum band gap between the center thereof and at least one of said p-type layer and said n-type layer, and the region with the maximum band gap has a thickness of 1 to 30 nm. 11. A photovoltaic device according to claim 9, wherein said first i-type layer deposited by said microwave plasma CVD process and/or said second i-type layer deposited by said RF plasma CVD process contains both a valence electron controlling agent as a donor and a valence electron controlling agent as an acceptor. 12. A photovoltaic device according to claim 11, wherein said valence electron controlling agent as a donor is an element in Group III of the Periodic Table, and said valence electron controlling agent as an acceptor is an element in Group V of the Periodic Table. 13. A photovoltaic device according to claim 11, wherein said valence electron controlling agents are distributed in a changing amount in said first i-type layer deposited by said microwave plasma CVD process and/or said second i-type layer deposited by said RF plasma CVD process. 14. A photovoltaic device according to claim 9, wherein the content of hydrogen atoms contained in said first i-type layer deposited by said microwave CVD process changes in accordance with the content of silicon atoms. 15. A photovoltaic device according to claim 9, wherein said first i-type layer deposited by said microwave plasma CVD process and/or said second i-type layer deposited by said RF plasma CVD process contains oxygen and/or nitrogen atoms. 16. A photovoltaic device according to claim 9, wherein at least one of-said p-type layer and said n-type layer has a laminate structure comprising a layer containing, as a main component, at least one element in Group III and/or V of the Periodic Table, and a layer containing a valence electron controlling agent and silicon atoms as a main component. 17. A method of producing a photovoltaic device comprising a p-type layer comprising, in the recited order, at least a silicon non-single crystal semiconductor, a photoactive layer comprising a plurality of i-type layers, and an n-type layer, said method comprising: depositing a first i-type layer of said photoactive layer on the side of said of said n-type layer by a microwave plasma CVD process in which microwave energy less than that required for 100% decomposition of raw material gases containing at least a silicon-containing gas and a carbon-containing gas, and RF energy greater than the microwave energy are simultaneously applied to said raw material gases under a pressure of 50 mTorr or less while varying the ratio of flow rates of said raw material gases so that a minimum band gap is formed at a position between the center of said first i-type layer and said p-type layer; and depositing a second i-type layer to a thickness of 30 nm or less on the side of said p-type layer by a RF plasma CVD process using raw material gases containing at least a silicon-containing gas at a deposition rate of 2 nm/sec or less. 18. A method of producing a photovoltaic device according to claim 17, wherein in said microwave plasma CVD process, the silicon-containing gas and carbon-containing gas are mixed at a distance of 5 m or less from the chamber where deposition occurs. 19. A generating system comprising: a photovoltaic device comprising a p-type semiconductor region, an i-type non-single crystal semiconductor region, and an n-type semiconductor region, wherein said i-type non-single crystal semiconductor region comprises a first i-type semiconductor region containing silicon and carbon atoms on the side of said n-type region, said first region having a minimum energy band gap between the center thereof and said p-type region, and a second i-type semiconductor region containing at least silicon atoms and having a thickness of 30 nm or less; a storage battery for storing electric power supplied from said photovoltaic device and/or supplying electric power to an external load; and a control system for monitoring the voltage and/or current of said photovoltaic device to control the electric power supplied to said storage battery and/or said external load from said photovoltaic device. 20. A generating system according to claim 19, wherein said first i-type region has a region with a maximum band gap between the center thereof and at least one of said p-type region and said n-type region, and the first i-type region with the maximum band gap has a thickness of 1 to 30 nm. 21. A generating system according to claim 19, wherein said first i-type region and/or said second i-type region contain(s) both a valence electron controlling agent as a donor and a valence electron controlling agent as an acceptor. 22. A generating system according to claim 21, wherein said valence electron controlling agent as a donor is an element in Group III of the Periodic Table, and said valence electron controlling agent as an acceptor is an element in Group V of the Periodic Table. 23. A generating system according to claim 21, wherein said valence electron controlling agents are distributed in a changing amount in said first i-type region and/or said second i-type region. 24. A generating system according to claim 19, wherein the content of hydrogen atoms contained in said first i-type region changes in accordance with the content of silicon atoms in said first i-type region. 25. A generating system according to claim 19, wherein said first i-type region and/or said second i-type region contains oxygen and/or nitrogen atoms. 26. A generating system according to claim 19, wherein at least one of said p-type region and said n-type region has a laminate structure comprising a layer containing, as a main component, at least one element in Group III and/or V of the Periodic Table, and a layer containing a valence electron controlling agent and silicon atoms as a main component. 27. A photovoltaic device comprising a p-type semiconductor region, an i-type non-single crystal semiconductor region, and an n-type semiconductor region, wherein said i-type non-single crystal semiconductor region comprises a first i-type semiconductor region containing silicon and carbon atoms on the side of said n-type semiconductor region, said first region having a minimum energy band gap between the center thereof and said p-type region, and a second i-type semiconductor region containing silicon atoms on the side of said p region. 28. A photovoltaic device according to claim 27, wherein said first i-type region is thicker than said second i-type region. 29. A photovoltaic device according to claim 27, wherein the content of hydrogen atoms contained in said first i-type region changes in accordance with the content of silicon atoms in said first i-type region. 30. A photovoltaic device according to claim 27, wherein said first i-type region and/or said second i-type region contains oxygen and/or-nitrogen atoms. 31. A photovoltaic device according to claim 27, wherein at least one of said p-type region and said n-type region has a laminate structure comprising a layer containing as a main component, at least one element in Group III and/or V of the Periodic Table, and a layer containing a valence electron controlling agent and silicon atoms as a main component. 32. A photovoltaic device according to claim 27, wherein said first i-type region has a region with a maximum band gap between the center thereof and at least one of said p-type region and said n-type region, and the first i-type region with the maximum band gap has a thickness of 1 to 30 nm. 33. A photovoltaic device according to claim 27, wherein said first i-type region and/or said second i-type region contain(s) both a valence electron controlling agent as a donor and a valence electron controlling agent as an acceptor. 34. A photovoltaic device according to claim 33, wherein said valence electron controlling agent as a donor is an element in Group III of the Periodic Table, and said valence electron controlling agent as an acceptor is an element in Group V of the Periodic Table. 35. A photovoltaic device according to claim 33, wherein said valence electron controlling agents are distributed in a changing amount in said first i-type region and/or said second i-type region. 36. A generating system comprising: a photovoltaic device comprising a p-type semiconductor region, an i-type non-single crystal semiconductor region, and an n-type semiconductor region, wherein said i-type non-single crystal semiconductor region comprises a first i-type semiconductor region containing silicon and carbon atoms on the side of said n-type region, said first region having a minimum energy band gap between the center thereof and said p-type region, and a second i-type semiconductor region containing at least silicon atoms; a storage battery for storing electric power supplied from said photovoltaic device and/or supplying electric power to an external load; and a control system for monitoring the voltage and/or current of said photovoltaic device to control the electric power supplied to said storage battery and/or said external load from said photovoltaic device. 37. A generating system according to claim 36, wherein said first i-type region is thicker than said second i-type region. 38. A generating system according to claim 36, wherein said first i-type region has a region with a maximum band gap between the center thereof and at least one of said p-type region and said n-type region, and the first i-type region with the maximum band gap has a thickness of 1 to 30 nm. 39. A generating according to claim 36, wherein said first i-type region and/or said second i-type region contain(s) both valence electron controlling agent as a both donor and a valence electron controlling agent as an acceptor. 40. A generating system according to claim 39, wherein said valence electron controlling agent as a donor is an element in Group III of the Periodic Table, and said valence electron controlling agent as an acceptor is an element in Group V of the Periodic Table. 41. A generating system according to claim 39, wherein said valence electron controlling agents are distributed in a changing amount in said first i-type region and/or said second i-type region. 42. A generating system according to claim 36, wherein the content of hydrogen atoms contained in said first i-type region changes in accordance with the content of silicon atoms in said first i-type region. 43. A generating system according to claim 36, wherein said first i-type region and/or said second i-type region contains oxygen and/or nitrogen atoms. 44. A generating system according to claim 36, wherein at least one of said p-type region and said n-type region has a laminate structure comprising a layer containing, as a main component, at least one element in Group III and/or V of the Periodic Table, and a layer containing a valence electron controlling agent and silicon atoms as a main component. 