An apparatus and method for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location, consisting of a remote control point, a number of submersible satellite stations and means for communicating by radio or conductive cable between the control point and each station. Each battery-powered satellite station includes either a flotation chamber or airbag and a stabilizing chamber. The stabilizing chamber is equipped with pumps for intake and discharge of water, allowing adjustment of the buoyancy of each satellite station. Detection devices, such as infrared or acoustical sensors, and weapons systems, such as missiles, are mounted on a platform affixed to a mast on top of each station. The remote control point is equipped with a programmable logic system, which converts data received from the satellite stations and graphically depicts it on computer screens, providing real-time input for combat command decisions.
Claims Having set forth the nature of the invention, what is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location, comprising in combination: (a) a plurality of discrete submersible stations, detachably affixed at selected locations within said area of the sea, each of said pluralities of stations having independently controllable means for adjusting the buoyancy thereof and separable and independently controllable means for controlling a discrete area; (b) a remote control point; and (c) means for communicating between each of said plurality of stations and said remote control point. 2. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 1, further comprising: (a) a mast, supported by said station; and (b) a platform, attached to an upper end of said mast, for mounting of said area-controlling means. 3. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 2, wherein said mast is an extendable mast, which may be selectively moved to a plurality of positions intermediate a fully extended position and a retracted position. 4. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 2, wherein said mast further supports a duct, such that air may be aspirated through said duct and such that a communications or power cable may be run from said platform through said duct. 5. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 2 wherein said buoyancy-adjusting means comprises: (a) a flotation chamber; and (b) a stabilizing chamber attached below said flotation chamber, said stabilizing chamber including at least one pump for intake and discharge of water into and out of said stabilizing chamber. 6. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 5, wherein said flotation chamber is spherical in shape. 7. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 5, wherein said flotation chamber is cylindrical in shape. 8. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 5, wherein said buoyancy-adjusting means further comprises an auxiliary flotation chamber attached to said flotation chamber in position to provide upward force in cooperation with said stabilizing chamber. 9. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 8, wherein said buoyancy-adjusting means further comprises: (a) a plurality of collapsible auxiliary flotation chambers, removably attached to said flotation chamber opposite said stabilizing chamber; and (b) pressure equalizing lines providing fluid communication between said auxiliary flotation chambers, such that said mast may be maintained in an upright position. 10. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 2, wherein said buoyancy-adjusting means comprises: (a) at least one airbag, having an inlet valve and an outlet valve for selective inflation and deflation of said airbag; and (b) a stabilizing chamber attached below said flotation chamber, said stabilizing chamber including at least one pump for intake and discharge of water into and out of said stabilizing chamber. 11. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 1, wherein said communicating means comprises: (a) means for receiving electronic signals; (b) means for transmitting electronic signals; and (c) programmable means for executing commands received from said receiving means and generating signals to be sent by said transmitting means, further comprising interface means for controlling said mast and said buoyancy adjusting means. 12. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 11, wherein said signals are carried by radio waves. 13. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 11, wherein said signals are carried via a conductor. 14. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 2, further comprising means for automatically stabilizing said platform along both vertical and horizontal planes. 15. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 1, wherein said area-controlling means further comprises sensors for conducting surveillance and reconnaissance of said area of the sea, said sensors selected from the class of sensors including infrared sensors, radar sensors, sonar sensors, acoustic sensors and visionics. 16. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 1, wherein said area-controlling means further comprises weapons systems for conducting combat within said area of the sea. 17. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 1, wherein said remote control point comprises a submarine. 18. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 5, further comprising means for supplying energy to said station. 19. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 18, wherein said energy supplying means comprises a conduit connecting said station to said remote control point, said conduit providing for the electrical communication between said station and said remote control point. 20. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 18, wherein said energy supply means further comprises a rechargeable battery. 21. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 18, wherein said energy supply means further comprises a solar cell. 22. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 18, wherein said energy supply means further comprises a fuel cell, containing an expendable fuel. 23. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 18, wherein said energy supply means further comprises a generator. 24. An apparatus for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 5, further comprising at least one eyelet rigidly attached to the exterior surface of said flotation chamber, such that an auxiliary device may be attached thereto. 25. A method for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location, comprising: (a) deploying a plurality of discrete submersible stations to selected locations within said area of the sea, said stations each having independently controllable means for adjusting the buoyancy thereof to cause vertical movement of said stations in either an upward or downward direction and separable and independently controllable means for controlling a discrete area; and (b) communicating with at least one of said submersible stations from a remote control point by transmitting electronic signals between said remote control point and said buoyancy-adjusting means, said signals directing the ascent or descent of said station, and by transmitting electronic signals between said remote control point and said area-controlling means. 26. A method for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 25, further comprising using an operator at said remote control point to interpret data received from said submersible station and to determine appropriate commands to transmit to said station. 27. A method for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 25, further comprising sensing visual, acoustic, radar, sonar, and infrared data at said submersible stations with sensors capable of receiving said data and communicating said data to said remote control point. 28. A method for establishing and maintaining control over an area of the sea from a remote location as defined in claim 25, further comprising deploying weapons from said submersible stations. 