A solar cell assembly is fabricated by adapting efficient microelectronics assembly techniques to the construction of an array of small scale solar cells. Each cell is mounted on an individual carrier, which is a conventional integrated circuit (IC) package such as a dual-in-line package. Electrical connections are made between the cell and the carrier leads by automated wire bonding, followed by the emplacement of an optional secondary solar concentrator element if desired. The carriers are then automatically mounted and electrically connected to a common substrate, such as a printed circuit board, that has its own electrical interconnection network to interconnect the various cells. Finally, a primary concentrator lens assembly is placed over the array of cells. The resulting panel is thin and light weight, inexpensive to produce, allows for any desired interconnection to be made between the cells, and is capable of high conversion efficiencies.
Claims I claim: 1. A high efficiency solar cell assembly, comprising: a plurality of IC-type semiconductor device packages, a plurality of solar cells mounted on and electrically connected to respective packages, a printed circuit board that includes an electrical interconnection network, said packages mounted on and electrically connected to said board so that said solar cells are electrically interconnected through said electrical interconnection network, a plurality of discrete solar concentrator elements, each mounted on respective cell packages over respective cells for concentrating received solar radiation onto their respective cells, and an array of solar concentrating lenses mounted above said solar cells and said discrete solar concentrator elements, each lens of said array extending over a substantially greater area than the area of each respective cell, said array for receiving solar radiation and concentrating said radiation through said discrete elements onto said cells. 2. The solar cell assembly of claim 1, wherein said semiconductor device packages are dual-in-line (DIP) packages. 3. The solar cell assembly of claim 1, wherein said semiconductor device packages are pin grid array (PGA) packages. 4. The solar cell assembly of claim 1, wherein said solar cells are wire bonded to at least some of their respective package leads. 5. The solar cell assembly of claim 4, wherein said package leads are through-hole mounted to said substrate. 6. The solar cell assembly of claim 4, wherein said package leads are surface mounted to said substrate. 7. The solar cell assembly of claim 1, wherein the surface areas of said packages upon which said cells are mounted are not more than about 15 mm.sup.2. 8. The solar cell assembly of claim 1, wherein said lens array is spaced from said solar cells by a distance approximately equal to the widths of said lenses. 9. The solar cell assembly of claim 1, each said solar cell having a solar radiation receiving surface with an area of not more than about 10 mm.sup.2. 10. A method of fabricating a solar cell array, comprising: forming a plurality of individual solar cell dice, mounting said solar cell dice on respective IC-type carriers that have respective conductive leads extending therefrom, electrically connecting said solar cell dice to leads of their respective carriers, mechanically and electrically attaching said carrier leads to a substrate having an electrical interconnection network to mount and electrically interconnect said carriers on said substrate, mounting discrete solar concentrating elements over respective dice, mounting a matrix of concentrator lenses over said discrete elements above said solar cell dice, and concentrating solar radiation received by said matrix of lenses through said discrete elements onto respective dice. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein at least some of said solar cell dice are connected to leads on their respective carriers by auto wire bonding. 12. The method of claim 10, wherein said carrier leads are automatically attached to said substrate. 