A shut-off control system for an oil/gas well casing is described which is intended to protect a discharge manifold from which the oil or gas is extracted. An explosion-proof bunker is positioned below the ground level and contains a valve which can be opened to permit flow of oil or gas through the well casing or to a closed condition in which the flow is inhibited. An actuator is mechanically coupled to the valve. A normally inaccessible closure system is provided which is at least partially disposed below ground level and is connected to the actuator for selectively controlling the condition of the actuator to permit or inhibit the flow of oil or gas through the well. In one embodiment, a fail-safe system is described which includes hydraulic accumulators in the bunker and a control circuit for monitoring and sensing alarm or abnormal conditions for automatically applying energy stored in the accumulators to the actuator to automatically close the flow of oil/gas in the well. In another embodiment, an enclosure is arranged below ground level at a location the spatial coordinates of which are known. Hydraulic conduits and connectors within the enclosure are connected to the actuator, so that upon location of the enclosure selective application of a pump to the connectors can be used to close the valve. Both embodiments can be used separately or together to provide extra redundancy and reliability.
Claims I claim: 1. Shut-off control system for an oil/gas well casing an upper portion of which extends above ground level and is connected to a discharge manifold and a lower portion of which extends below ground level to an oil/gas dome from which oil or gas is extracted, said control system comprising a protective enclosure positioned a predetermined distance below ground level and being substantially fully enclosed but having input and output openings through which said well casing enters and exits said enclosure; and having entry means for providing entry to said enclosure to authorized personnel means within said enclosure for permitting flow of oil or gas through said well casing when in an open condition and for inhibiting flow through said casing when in a closed condition; actuator means mechanically coupled to said valve means for actuating said valve means for actuating said valve means to said open or closed conditions; and normally inaccessible closure means at least partially disposed below ground level and connected to said actuator means for selectively controlling the condition of said actuator means, whereby undesired flow of oil/gas can be terminated in the event of an abnormal alarm condition at the discharge manifold with said entry means being coupled to said actuator means for closing said valve means upon unauthorized opening of said entry means. 2. Control system as defined by claim 1, wherein protective enclosure comprises an explosion-proof bunker and said closure means comprises accumulator means for accumulating stored energy; sensor means for sensing at least one alarm condition; and control circuit means for monitoring said sensor means and for issuing an alarm signal when an alarm condition is detected and for applying said energy stored in said accumulator means to said actuator means upon the occurrence of an alarm condition, whereby said valve means can close the flow of oil/gas in the well casing upon the occurrence of an alarm condition. 3. Control system as defined by claim 1, wherein said protective enclosure is positioned within the range of 10-20 feet below ground level. 4. Control system as defined by claim 2, wherein said accumulator means comprises a hydraulic accumulator and said actuator means comprises a hydraulic actuator. 5. Control system as defined by claim 1, wherein said protective enclosure comprises an explosion-proof bunker formed as a cast-in-place shell of steel-reinforced concrete. 6. Control system as defined by claim 5, wherein said explosion-proof bunker is rectangular in shape. 7. Control system as defined by claim 5, wherein said explosion-proof bunker is spherical in shape. 8. Control system as defined by claim 2, wherein said sensor means comprises at least one sensor for sensing an explosion proximate to said explosion-proof bunker. 9. Control system as defined by claim 2, wherein said sensor means comprises at least one sensor for sensing abnormal temperatures proximate to said explosion-proof bunker. 10. Control system as defined by claim 2, wherein said sensor means comprises at least one sensor for sensing head pressure or flow rate through the discharge manifold. 11. Control system as defined by claim 2, wherein said control circuit means comprises at least one electrical solenoid valve in-line between said accumulator means and said actuator means for applying said stored energy of said accumulator means to said actuator means when an alarm signal is applied to said at least one solenoid valve and preventing application of said stored energy in the absence of an alarm signal. 12. Control system as defined by claim 11, wherein said control circuit means includes microcomputer means for monitoring said at least one sensor means and issuing said alarm signal upon detection of an alarm condition. 13. Control system as defined by claim 12, wherein a plurality of sensor means are provided for sensing a plurality of abnormal conditions, said microcomputer being programmed to monitor all said sensor means and issue an alarm signal when an alarm condition is sensed by any one of said plurality of sensor means. 14. Control system as defined by claim 2, wherein said control circuit means includes power means for energizing said control circuit means. 15. Control system as defined by claim 14, wherein said power means includes an uninterruptable power supply (UPS); and charging means for charging said UPS. 16. Control system as defined by claim 15, wherein said charging means comprises a source of AC power. 17. Control system as defined by claim 15, wherein said charging means includes means for converting a source of liquid propane (L/P) into electricity. 18. Control system as defined by claim 15, wherein said charging means includes means for converting natural waste gas into electricity. 19. Control system as defined by claim 15, wherein said power means includes an uninterruptable battery supply (UBS) for charging said UPS when a voltage of said UPS drops below a predetermined value. 20. Control system as defined by claim 15, wherein said charging means includes means for converting solar energy into electricity. 21. Control system as defined by claim 20, further comprising an above ground level structure in relative proximity to the discharge manifold for housing at least a portion of said control circuit means and said power means, said structure having a roof, and said charging means including photovoltaic collectors arranged on said roof. 22. Control system as defined by claim 2, further comprising communication means responsive to said control circuit means for transmitting an alarm message to a remote station upon the issuance of an alarm signal. 23. Control system as defined by claim 22, wherein said communication means includes a microwave link. 24. Control system as defined by claim 2, wherein said accumulator means stores fluid under pressure and is in fluid flow communication with said actuator means through at least one solenoid-controlled trigger valve for selectively applying said fluid under pressure to said actuator means, said at least one trigger valve being connected to said control circuit means whereby said trigger valves may be selectively opened by said control circuit means for applying said fluid under pressure to said actuator means. 25. Control system as defined by claim 24, wherein two trigger valves are provided and are connected in tandem or in series between said accumulator means and said actuator means. 26. Control system as defined by claim 24, wherein said at least one trigger valve is normally open, whereby loss of energy to the solenoid of said trigger valve automatically applies said fluid under pressure. 27. Control system as defined in claim 1, wherein said actuator means is hydraulically driven and said closure means includes at least one hydraulic connector and hydraulic line below ground level at a location the spatial coordinates of which are pre-established for externally applying hydraulic pressures to said actuator means. 28. Control system as defined in claim 1, wherein said actuator means is electrically driven and said closure means includes at least one electrical connector and electrical line below ground level at a location the spatial coordinates of which are pre-established for externally applying electrical power to said actuator means. 29. Control system as defined in claim 1, wherein said actuator means is mechanically driven and said closure means includes at least one mechanical member below ground level at a location the spatial coordinates of which are pre-established for externally applying mechanical power to said actuator means by means of said mechanical member. 30. Control system as defined in claim 29, wherein said at least one mechanical member comprises at least one reach rod. 31. Control system as defined in claim 29, further comprising a universal joint for mechanically coupling said mechanical member to said actuator means. 32. Shut-off control system for an oil/gas well casing an upper portion of which extends above ground level and is connected to a discharge manifold and a lower portion of which extends below ground level to an oil/gas dome from which oil or gas is extracted, said control system comprising a protective enclosure positioned a predetermined distance below ground level and being substantially fully enclosed but having input and output openings through which said well casing enters and exits said enclosure; valve means within said enclosure for permitting flow of oil or gas through said well casing when in an open condition and for inhibiting flow through said casing when in a closed condition; actuator means mechanically coupled to said valve means for actuating said valve means to said open or closed conditions; and normally inaccessible closure means at least partially disposed below ground level and connected to said actuator means for selectively controlling the condition of said actuator means, whereby undesired flow of oil/gas can be terminated in the event of an abnormal condition at the discharge manifold, said protective enclosure comprising an explosion-proof enclosure and said closure means comprises accumulator means for accumulating stored energy; sensor means for sensing at least one alarm condition; and control circuit means for monitoring said sensor means and for issuing an alarm signal when an alarm condition is detected and for applying said energy stored in said accumulator means to said actuator means upon the occurrence of an alarm condition, whereby said valve means can close the flow of oil/gas in the well casing upon the occurrence of an alarm condition, and said sensor means comprising at least one sensor for sensing unauthorized entry into said explosion-proof enclosure. 33. Shut-off control system for an oil/gas well casing an upper portion of which extends above ground level and is connected to a discharge manifold and a lower portion of which extends below ground level to an oil/gas dome from which oil or gas is extracted, said control system comprising a protective enclosure positioned a predetermined distance below ground level and being substantially fully enclosed but having input and output openings through which said well casing enters and exits said enclosure; valve means within said enclosure for permitting flow of oil or gas through said well casing when in an open condition and for inhibiting flow through said casing when in a closed condition; actuator means mechanically coupled to said valve means for actuating said valve means to said open or closed conditions; and normally inaccessible closure means at least partially disposed below ground level and connected to said actuator means for selectively controlling the condition of said actuator means, whereby undesired flow of oil/gas can be terminated in the event of an abnormal condition at the discharge manifold, said protective enclosure comprising an explosion-proof bunker and said closure means comprises accumulator means for accumulating stored energy; sensor means for sensing at least one alarm condition; and control circuit means for monitoring said sensor means and for issuing an alarm signal when an alarm condition is detected and for applying said energy stored in said accumulator means to said actuator means upon the occurrence of an alarm condition, whereby said valve means can close the flow of oil/gas in the well casing upon the occurrence of an alarm condition, said sensor means comprising at least one sensor for sensing tampering with the region of said explosion-proof bunker. 34. Shut-off control system for an oil/gas well casing an upper portion of which extends above ground level and is connected to a discharge manifold and a lower portion of which extends below ground level to an oil/gas dome from which oil or gas is extracted, said control system comprising a protective enclosure positioned a predetermined distance below ground level and being substantially fully enclosed but having input and output openings through which said well casing enters and exits said enclosure; valve means within said enclosure for permitting flow of oil or gas through said well casing when in an open condition and for inhibiting flow through said casing when in a closed condition; actuator means mechanically coupled to said valve means for actuating said valve to said open or closed conditions; and normally inaccessible closure means at least partially disposed below ground level and connected to said actuator means selectively controlling the condition of said actuator means, whereby undesired flow of oil/gas can be terminated in the event of an abnormal condition at the discharge manifold, said protective enclosure comprising an explosion-proof bunker and said closure means comprises accumulator means for accumulating stored energy; sensor means for sensing at least one alarm condition; and control circuit means for monitoring said sensor means and for issuing an alarm signal when an alarm condition is detected and for applying said energy stored in said accumulator means to said actuator means upon the occurrence of an alarm condition, whereby said valve means can close the flow of oil/gas in the well casing upon the occurrence of an alarm condition, further comprising a sacrificial above-ground structure in relative proximity to the discharge manifold for housing at least a portion of said control circuit means, said sensor means including a sensor for monitoring the integrity of said structure and designed to shatter and disintegrate upon the occurrence of an explosion in proximity to the discharge manifold to thereby issue an alarm signal. 35. Shut-off control system for an oil/gas well casing an upper portion of which extends above ground level and is connected to a discharge manifold and a lower portion of which extends below ground level to an oil/gas dome from which oil or gas is extracted, said control system comprising a protective enclosure positioned a predetermined distance below ground level and being substantially fully enclosed but having input and output openings through which said well casing enters and exits said enclosure; valve means within said enclosure for permitting flow of oil or gas through said well casing when in an open condition and for inhibiting flow through said casing when in a closed condition; actuator means mechanically coupled to said valve means for actuating said valve means to said open or closed conditions; and normally inaccessible closure means at least partially disposed below ground level and connected to said actuator means for selectively controlling the condition of said actuator means, whereby undesired flow of oil/gas can be terminated in the event of an abnormal condition at the discharge manifold said actuator means comprising a hydraulic actuator which includes a cylinder with first and second hydraulic lines, and a piston within said cylinder connected to a retractable and extendable rod coupled to said valve means, whereby application of hydraulic fluid under pressure to said second hydraulic line opens said valve means; and further comprising a second enclosure arranged below ground level at a location the spatial coordinates of which are pre-established; two separate and distinct connectors within said second enclosure; hydraulic conduits connecting each of said connectors to another one of said first and second hydraulic lines; and check valve means for preventing the escape of hydraulic fluid from said hydraulic conduits through said connectors, whereby location of enclosure and selective application of a pump with a mating connector to one of said two distinct connectors within said enclosure; hydraulic conduits connecting each of said to connectors to another one of said first and second hydraulic lines; and check valve means for preventing the escape of hydraulic fluid from said hydraulic conduits through said connectors, whereby location of enclosure and selective application of a pump with a mating connector to one of said two distinct connectors enables said valve means to be opened or closed. 36. Control system as defined in claim 35, wherein said two connectors are male and female connectors to insure proper identification and application of hydraulic fluid under pressure to the appropriate conduit. 37. Control system as defined in claim 35, further comprising a pony pump for application of hydraulic fluid under pressure to one of said connectors. 38. Control system as defined in claim 35, further comprising a global positioning system (GPS) satellite tracker to pinpoint the coordinates of said enclosure when same is arranged below ground level in order to gain access to said connectors. 