A solar water heater with integrated storage tank can be filled isothermally with water of which the temperature is freely selected and which, when the tank is full, passes into a thermosiphoning mode. A collector and the storage tank are housed compactly in one flat unit and, because of unpressurized operation, allows easy and economical assembly. Two principles of solar hot-water heating are combined in the invention: primarily cold water is raised to the desired final temperature in ONE PASS through the absorber, thereby achieving good collector efficiencies and rapid response; and, when the storage is full, thermosiphoning circulation sets-in automatically and further heats the storage content and/or compensates for heat losses.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar water heater comprising: a thermally insulated storage tank (6); an absorber (5) integrated as a unit with said storage tank and arranged to receive solar energy, said absorber, for the purpose of enabling a flow of water therethrough to which solar heat collected by the absorber can be transferred, having an associated absorber intake (13) an absorber discharge (14) wherein the absorber intake is positioned lower than said absorber discharge, said absorber intake communicating with said storage tank and said absorber discharge opening into said storage tank below the highest point of said storage tank; a thermally insulated layer (12) interposed between said storage tank and said absorber; a thermostatically controlled cold-water supply means (1) including a cold water inlet and means for directly communicating said cold-water inlet with said absorber intake, said communicating means including a level-control means to control the level of water in said storage tank, a plurality of flow valves (2,3) for controlling the supply of cold water and a thermostatic control-sensor means for regulating the position of at least one of said plurality of flow valves, said communicating means controlling the flow of water such that a predetermined temperature is attained at the absorber discharge, the cold water entering said absorber through said absorber intake is heated on one pass through said absorber and said storage tank is filled isothermally with hot water being expelled from said absorber through said absorber discharge, said storage tank, together with said absorber, constituting a fully communicating water system with low flow impedance and wherein, upon solar irradiation, thermosiphoning occurs in a circulating manner to further heat the water in said storage tank in order to compensate for heat losses from the system. 2. A solar water heater as claimed in claim 1, wherein said plurality flow valves includes a thermostatically controlled cooling valve (3) downstream of the cold water inlet of the cold-water supply means; and wherein said thermostatic control-sensor means (4) is mounted in the vicinity of the absorber discharge for controlling the positioning of said cooling valve in order to throttle the water pressure and control the flow of water such that the predetermined temperature is attained at the absorber discharge (14); said solar water heater further comprising: a backflow stop (7) preventing both cold water from directly entering the storage tank (6) and back-circulation from the absorber (5), in case it is cooled, into the storage tank (6); a level-control valve located in series with the cooling valve for interrupting further cold-water supply when the storage tank is full and communicating with the water in the absorber at a top thereof through the absorber discharge and at a bottom through said backflow stop (7); a hot water discharge (9) located at a lowermost portion of said storage tank; and a vent (8) located at the highest point of said storage tank to allow evacuate gases leaving the water and air to escape or enter when filling takes place through the absorber (5) or when emptying takes place through said hot-water discharge (9). 3. A solar water heater as claimed in claim 2, wherein said thermostatically controlled cooling valve (3) is mounted immediately downstream of the absorber intake (13) in-line between the storage tank (6) and the absorber (5), whereby the backflow stop (7) is pressurized and assures improved sealing during filling of the storage tank (6). 4. A solar water heater as claimed in claim 2, wherein said thermostatically controlled valve (3) is mounted in the absorber discharge (14). 5. A solar water heater as claimed in claim 2, further comprising: at least one of an in-line heater and a conventional hot-water tank located downstream of the hot-water discharge (9) to heat the water to a desired temperature; level monitor means (22) provided in the storage tank (6); and a booster pump located downstream of said hot water discharge, said level monitor means ensuring that, in case of empty storage, cold water shall arrive directly from the cold water supply means (1) to at least one of the hot water discharge (9) and the booster pump (23), in which case no pressure reduction will take place. 6. A solar water heater as claimed in claim 5, wherein at least one of the hot-water discharge (9) and the booster pump (23) is connected through a three-way cock valve (24) to a second hot-water heater, and said level monitor means (22) emits switching signals to at least the three-way cock valve (24) such that, when the storage tank (6) is full, the cock valve controls the water flow out of the storage tank (6) and into a hot-water circuit, and if storage tank (6) is empty, the cock valve shuts off the booster pump, fluidly connects the second water heater to feed water into the hot-water circuit and initiates operation of the second water heater. 7. A solar water heater as claimed in claim 2, wherein the solar water heater is mounted in a sloping manner. 8. A solar water heater as claimed in claim 2, further comprising a booster pump (23) located downstream of the hot-water discharge (9) to pressurize the hot water that flows from said hot water discharge. 9. A solar water heater as claimed in claim 1, wherein said level control means (2) comprises a pressure-reducing means (19) mounted at the cold-water supply means (1), said level control means functioning to keep the water level below a venting level. 10. A solar water heater as claimed in claim 1, further comprising an overflow passage (15), fitted with a vent (16), extending above the absorber discharge (14) and below a switching level of the level control means (2), whereby cold water is prevented from directly flowing into the storage tank. 11. A solar water heater as claimed in claim 1, wherein the absorber discharge (14) is fitted with a vent (17) and the storage tank (6) is divided into at least two tanks (a, b . . . ) sharing common base and communicating by a siphoning means such that the at least two tanks are sequentially filled, emptied in reverse order and return flow is from the last filled tank to the absorber (5). 12. A solar water heater as claimed in claim 1, wherein the absorber discharge (14) is fitted with a vent (17) and the storage tank (6) is divided into at least two mutually nesting tanks (a, b . . . ) which communicate through siphoning means such that the tanks (a, b . . . ) are sequentially filled, emptied in reverse order and return flow is from the last filled tank to the absorber (5). 13. A solar water heater as claimed in claim 1, further comprising: a valve (21) located in a branch of the cold water supply means (1) that is in fluid communication with said storage tank; a second level control means (20) located in the storage tank (6) for opening said valve (21) when the water in the storage tank has dropped below a specified low level to supply water to the storage tank; and a thermostatically controlled heat source (18) for keeping the water temperature in the storage tank (6) at a given value. 