A housing (20) has an opening for receiving sunlight (54). The opening is covered with an ultraviolet-deflecting lens (50). The housing (20) contains reflectors (80, 82, 84) which direct sunlight (54) through a conduit (91) to a diffuser (98). The housing (20) rests upon and is rotatable with respect to an annular base (30). A horizontal sensor arrangement (66, 67, 68) controls rotational movement of the housing (20) with respect to the base (30) to maintain optimum horizontal alignment of the reflectors (80, 82, 84) with respect to the sun. A vertical sensor arrangement (63, 64, 65) causes vertical angular movement of the reflectors (80, 82, 84) to maintain optimum vertical alignment of the reflectors (80, 82, 84) with respect to the sun. The light conduit (91) contains an infrared-deflecting lens (92) to filter out infrared radiation. A dead air space (96) placed in the light conduit (91) prevents heat transfer as light is transmitted along the conduit (91).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A skylight comprising: a housing defining a first opening for receiving sunlight; a base, defining a second opening for transmission of sunlight, and having an annular lip for mounting upon a building structure so that sunlight may be directed downwardly through said second opening into a structure to be lighted; roller mechanism for communicating with said housing and said annular lip, and for rotatably supporting said housing with respect to said base; a plurality of reflectors adjustably mounted within said housing for directing sunlight from said first opening substantially vertically downward through said second opening; and means for automatically adjusting alignment of said first opening with respect to sunlight and the angle of reflection between said reflectors and sunlight to optimize a quantity of sunlight impinging said reflectors. 2. A skylight comprising: a housing having an open bottom and defining a first opening for receiving sunlight; a base, defining a second opening for transmission of sunlight, and having an annular lip roller mechanism for communicating with said housing and said annular lip, and for rotatably supporting said housing with respect to said base with said open bottom of said housing aligned over said second opening; means for rotating said housing with respect to said base; first control means having first sensing means for detecting when said first opening is not aligned with received sunlight so that a maximum quantity of the received sunlight generally impinges said first opening for energizing said means for rotating said housing with respect to said base so as to generally maintain impingement of the maximum quantity of sunlight upon said first opening; at least one reflector having a reflecting surface, pivotably connected within said housing proximate said first opening; and second control means having second sensing means for detecting when said at least one reflector is not aligned so as to receive and reflect through said second opening a maximum quantity of impinging sunlight for causing said at least one reflector to pivot so as to generally maintain impingement of the maximum quantity of sunlight upon said reflecting surface. 3. The invention of claim 2, said second control means comprising a panel pivotably connected within said housing proximate said first opening parallel to said at least one reflector; third means for sensing sunlight and fourth means for sensing sunlight attached to said panel in vertical linear alignment separated by a second partition; means for being energized to pivot said panel; second electronic circuitry means for energizing said means for being energized to pivot said panel until said third said fourth means for sensing sunlight detect equal quantities of impinging sunlight; means connecting said means pivoting said panel and said at least one reflector so that said at least one reflector pivots simultaneously with said panel in a proportionate relationship defined by the equations and A equals a first angle which the sun forms with respect to a horizontal reference plane, B equals a second angle which a top surface of said panel forms with respect to a horizontal reference plane, and C equals a third angle which said reflecting surface of at least one reflector forms with a vertical reference plane. 4. The invention of claim 3, said first control means comprising first means for sensing sunlight and second means for sensing sunlight in horizontal linear alignment mounted upon said panel separated by a first partition; and first electronic circuitry means which energizes said means for rotating said housing with respect to said base until said first and second means for sensing sunlight detect equal quantities of impinging sunlight. 5. The invention of claim 4, further comprising at least one photovoltaic cell mounted upon said panel for proving electrical energy for said first control means for energizing said means for rotating said housing with respect to said base and for said means for being energized to pivot said panel. 6. The invention of claim 4, further comprising at least one photovoltaic cell mounted upon said panel for providing electrical energy for said means for rotating said housing with respect to said base, for said first control means for energizing said means for rotating said housing with respect to said base, for said means for being energized to pivot said panel, and for said second electronic circuitry means for energizing said means for being energized to pivot said panel. 7. The invention of claim 2, further comprising an air vent proximate an uppermost portion of said housing and air-intake means proximate a lowermost portion of said housing. 8. A skylight comprising: a housing defining a first opening for receiving sunlight; a base, defining a second opening for transmission of sunlight, adapted for supporting said housing; means for rotating said housing with respect to said base; first control means for energizing said means for rotating said housing with respect to said base so as to maximize a quantity of sunlight impinging said first opening; at least one reflector having a reflecting surface, pivotably connected within said housing proximate said first opening; and second control means for causing said at least one reflector to pivot so as to maximize a quantity of sunlight impinging said reflecting surface having a panel pivotably connected within said housing proximate said first opening parallel to said at least one reflector; third means for sensing sunlight and fourth means for sensing sunlight attached to said panel in vertical linear alignment separated by a second partition; means for being energized to pivot said panel; second electronic circuitry means for energizing said means for being energized to pivot said panel until said third said and fourth means for sensing sunlight detect equal quantities of impinging sunlight; means connecting said means pivoting said panel and said at least one reflector so that said at least one reflector pivots simultaneously with said panel in a proportionate relationship defined by the equations and A equals a first angle which the sun forms with respect to a horizontal reference plane, B equals a second angle which a top surface of said panel forms with respect to a horizontal reference plane, and C equals a third angle which said reflecting surface of at least one reflector forms with a vertical reference plane. 9. The invention of claim 8, said first control means comprising first means for sensing sunlight and second means for sensing sunlight in horizontal linear alignment mounted upon said panel separated by a first partition; and first electronic circuitry means which energizes said means for rotating said housing with respect to said base until said first and second means for sensing sunlight detect equal quantities of impinging sunlight. 10. The invention of claim 8, further comprising at least one photovoltaic cell mounted upon said panel for proving electrical energy for said first control means for energizing said means for rotating said housing with respect to said base and for said means for being energized to pivot said panel. 11. The invention of claim 9, further comprising at least one photovoltaic cell mounted upon said panel for providing electrical energy for said means for rotating said housing with respect to said base, for said first control means for energizing said means for rotating said housing with respect to said base, for said means for being energized to pivot said panel, and for said second electronic circuitry means for energizing said means for being energized to pivot said panel. 