A turn down device for regulating gas flow within a gas lamp that is of the general type having a lamp post and a mantel. The device has a conduit configured to allow gas to flow therethrough and a gas supply line connected to the conduit for supplying gas under pressure. A poppet valve having a valve seat and a magnetic poppet is provided along the conduit downstream of where the supply line connects to the conduit. A solar cell is connected to the electromagnet that generates and provides to the electromagnet a voltage which varies depending upon sunlight at the solar cell. The popper is fabricated so as to have a selected size, shape and mass such that the gas flow from the supply line lifts the poppet away from the valve seat absent attractive forces induced at an electromagnet provided proximate the valve. As varying amounts of sunlight are directed upon the solar cell, electricity travels to the windings of the electromagnet that induces an attractive electromagnetic force upon the valve. The electromagnetic force biases the valve a respective amount towards a closed position, thereby reducing gas flow through the valve. The device further includes a bypass supply line for providing a pilot flow of gas from the gas supply line to the conduit. A bypass valve is provided on the bypass supply line for adjusting the flow of gas through the bypass supply line so that a pilot flow of gas is maintained to the mantel when the valve is in the fully closed position.
Claims I claim: 1. A turn down device for regulating gas flow within a gas lamp, the device comprising: (a) a conduit configured to allow gas flow therethrough; (b) a gas supply line connected to said conduit for supplying gas under a selected pressure to said conduit; (c) a valve means provided along said conduit downstream of said supply line; (d) an electromagnet provided proximate said valve means; and (e) at lease one solar cell operatively connected to said electromagnet for generating electrical power and providing to said electromagnet an electrical current which varies depending upon solar energy incident upon said at least one solar cell; wherein said valve means is sized and configured such that gas flow through said valve means biases said valve means to an open position, and wherein said solar cell current induces an attractive force at said electromagnet which acts upon said valve means, said attractive force biasing said valve means a respective amount towards a closed position, thereby reducing gas flow through said valve a respective amount. 2. The device of claim 1 further comprising a bypass supply line for providing a flow of gas from said gas supply line to said conduit, wherein said bypass supply line connects to said conduit such that said valve is provided between said gas supply line and said bypass supply line. 3. The device of claim 2 further comprising a shut off valve provided on said conduit downstream of said bypass line connection. 4. The device of claim 2 further comprising a valve provided on said bypass supply line for adjusting the flow of gas through said bypass supply line. 5. The device of claim 1 further comprising an adjustable mount for mounting said at least one solar cell to the gas lamp at selectable orientations. 6. The device of claim 1 wherein said valve means is a poppet valve, said poppet valve having a valve seat and a magnetic poppet, said magnetic poppet having a valve face provided above and sealable with said valve seat wherein said magnetic poppet having a selected size, shape and mass such that said gas flow lifts said valve face away from said valve seat absent attractive forces induced at said electromagnet. 7. The device of claim 6 wherein said poppet face is shaped generally spherically and said valve seat is shaped generally conically. 8. The device of claim 6 wherein said valve seat is fabricated of nonmagnetic metal and said poppet is fabricated of a magnetic metal. 9. The device of claim 8 wherein said valve seat is made of material selected from the group consisting of aluminum and aluminum alloy. 10. The device of claim 8 wherein said poppet face is shaped generally spherically and said valve seat is shaped generally conically. 11. The device of claim 6 wherein said electromagnet comprises a winding having an axial aperture extending therethrough and a magnetic core extending within said winding aperture, and wherein said magnet popper is extendable partially within said winding aperture. 