A thermal imaging system (10) contains a focal plane array (30) including a plurality of thermal sensors (32) mounted on a substrate (62). Each thermal sensor (32) includes a film layer (34) of infrared sensitive material which is both electronically and thermally isolated from the associated integrated circuit substrate (62). An image may be formed on the film layer (34) in response to infrared radiation from a scene (12). Electromagnetic radiation (22) from a source (visible light or near infrared) (20) is used to reproduce or transfer the image from the thermal sensors (32) onto the first surface (68) of the substrate (62). A thermoelectric cooler/heater (66) may be provided to optimally adjust the temperature of the substrate (62) to improve overall image quality.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A thermal sensor mounted on an integrated circuit substrate to provide an image representative of the amount of infrared radiation incident to the thermal sensor comprising: a film layer of infrared sensitive material disposed adjacent to a first surface of the substrate with a gap formed therebetween, wherein said gap is approximately one-fourth of a wavelength of said infrared radiation; a plurality of photosensors disposed on the first surface of the substrate adjacent to the film layer; and a supporting structure for providing thermal and electrical isolation between the film layer and the substrate. 2. The thermal sensor of claim 1 wherein the supporting structure further comprises: at least two posts disposed on the first surface of the substrate adjacent to the associated photosensors; and a pair of bifurcated arms attached to the film layer and the respective supporting posts. 3. The thermal sensor of claim 1 wherein the photosensors further comprise a plurality of photodiodes. 4. The thermal sensor of claim 1 wherein the film layer is formed from material selected from the group consisting of pyro-optical material, liquid crystals, and semiconductor material with a temperature dependent absorption edge. 5. The thermal sensor of claim 1 wherein the film layer is formed from material selected from the group consisting of barium strontium titanate, barium titanate, antimony sulfoiodide, lead titanate, and lead lanthanum zirconate titanate. 6. A thermal imaging system for producing an image of a scene in response to incident infrared radiation from the scene, comprising: optics for focusing incident infrared radiation emitted by the scene onto a focal plane array; a chopper for the incident infrared radiation disposed between the optics and the focal plane array; the focal plane array including a plurality of thermal sensors for detecting the incident infrared radiation mounted on a substrate with each thermal sensor having a film layer formed from infrared sensitive material which changes its light transmission characteristics in response to incident infrared radiation; a plurality of photosensors disposed on the substrate adjacent to each thermal sensor; a light source disposed adjacent to the focal plane array and the substrate to project electromagnetic radiation onto both the focal plane array and the substrate for use in transferring thermal-images formed on the film layer of each thermal sensor to the associated photosensors; the film layer and the photosensors cooperating with the chopper and the light source to produce a biased signal and a reference signal; electronics for receiving the biased signal and the reference signal and for subtracting the reference signal from the biased signal to obtain an unbiased signal representing radiance differences emitted by objects in the scene; and a display for receiving the unbiased signal and for displaying an image generated in response to the unbiased signal. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein each of the thermal sensors further comprises: a pair of posts mounted on the substrate adjacent to the associated photosensors; a pair of arms attached to the film layer and the respective posts; and the posts cooperate with the respective pair of arms to form a gap between the film layer and associated photosensors equal to approximately one-quarter (1/4) of the wavelength of the incident infrared radiation detected by the thermal sensors. 8. The system of claim 6, wherein the light source projects electromagnetic radiation from portions of the visible light spectrum and the near infrared spectrum. 9. The system of claim 6, wherein the photosensors are selected from the group consisting of photoconductive cells, photodiodes, photoresistors, photoswitches, phototransistors, photovoltaic cells, and charged coupled devices. 10. A focal plane array including a plurality of thermal sensors mounted on an integrated circuit substrate to provide a signal representative of the amount of thermal radiation incident to the focal plane array, each thermal sensor comprising: a layer of infrared sensitive film disposed adjacent to a first surface of the integrated circuit substrate with a gap formed therebetween; a plurality of photosensors disposed on the first surface of the integrated circuit substrate adjacent to the respective thermal sensor; and a supporting structure for providing thermal and electrical isolation between the film layer and the integrated circuit substrate. 11. The focal plane array of claim 10, wherein the supporting structure for each thermal sensor further comprises: at least two posts disposed on the first surface of the integrated circuit substrate adjacent to the associated photosensors; a pair of arms attached to the film layer and the respective supporting posts; and the pair of arms and the respective supporting posts cooperating to define in part the gap between the film layer of each thermal sensor and the first surface of the integrated circuit substrate. 12. The focal plane array of claim 10 further comprising the plurality of photosensors associated with each thermal sensor offset from the respective film layer to receive electromagnetic radiation from a light source. 13. The focal plane array of claim 10 wherein the film layer of each thermal sensor is formed from material selected from the group consisting of barium strontium titanate, barium titanate, antimony sulfoiodide, lead titanate, and lead lanthanum zirconate titanate. 14. The focal plane array of claim 10 further comprising a light source disposed adjacent to the focal plane array and the integrated circuit substrate to project electromagnetic radiation on both the focal plane array and the integrated circuit substrate for use in transferring thermal images formed on the film layer of each thermal sensor onto the photosensors associated with each thermal sensor. 15. The focal plane array of claim 10 further comprising a plurality of opening formed between adjacent thermal sensors and between the supporting structure for the film layer of each thermal sensor to minimize thermal spreading between adjacent thermal sensors. 16. A method for producing an image of a scene using a thermal imaging system having a plurality of thermal sensors with infrared sensitive elements mounted on a substrate, comprising the steps of: thermally and electrically isolating the infrared sensitive element of each thermal sensor from the integrated circuit substrate; directing incident infrared radiation from the scene onto the infrared sensitive elements of the thermal sensors to form a thermal image; projecting electromagnetic radiation from a light source onto the thermal sensors and the adjacent surface of the substrate; and detecting the electromagnetic radiation with a group of photosensors disposed on the surface of the substrate to form a signal representative of the image formed on the infrared sensitive element of the respective thermal sensor. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising the step of processing the signal from the photosensors to provide a visual display of the scene. 18. The method of claim 16, further comprising the steps of: chopping the incident infrared radiation and controlling the temperature of the substrate to establish a reference signal; forming a bias signal representing the total radiance of the scene from the photodiodes on the surface of the substrate; subtracting the reference signal from the bias signal to obtain an unbiased signal representing radiance differences emitted by objects in the scene; and displaying an image in response to the unbiased signal. 19. The method of claim 16, further comprising the step of thermally isolating the infrared sensitive element of each thermal sensor from the substrate. 20. The method of claim 16, further comprising the step of mounting each infrared sensitive element on the substrate with a plurality of slots around the perimeter of each thermal sensor to minimize thermal spreading between adjacent infrared sensitive elements. 21. A thermal sensor mounted on a substrate to provide an image representative of the mount of thermal radiation incident to the thermal sensor comprising: a film layer of infrared sensitive material disposed adjacent to a first surface of the substrate with a gap formed therebetween, wherein said film layer is formed from material selected from the group consisting of barium strontium titanate, barium titanate, antimony sulfoiodide, lead titanate, and lead lanthanum zirconate titanate; a plurality of photosensors disposed on the first surface of the substrate adjacent to the film layer; and a supporting structure for providing thermal and electrical isolation between the film layer and the substrate. 