A cooking device cooks food by using solar radiation, charcoal or similar solid burnable fuels, heating candles, gas, or electricity. The cooker includes a base and solar reflectors along opposite sides of the base. The reflectors pivot with respect to the base to focus solar radiation along an axis extending parallel to the reflectors. Food is supported along or adjacent the axis for cooking. A grate within the base supports charcoal or similar fuels and a gas burner and electric heating element are also supported by the base for use in cooking. A container can be mounted within the base for holding food to be cooked.
Claims I claim: 1. Cooking device comprising a base, food supporting means carried by said base for supporting food to be cooked, and a pair of solar reflectors having curved solar reflecting surface means extending along opposite sides of said food supporting means for focusing solar radiation into a linear beam along said food supporting means, and mounting means for pivotally mounting each of said solar reflectors on said base for pivoting with respect to one another and with respect to said base for focusing solar radiation for heating said food. 2. Cooking device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said support has side edges and end edges, said mounting means including means pivotally mounting each of said solar reflectors on a corresponding one of said edges for pivoting relative to said corresponding edge. 3. Cooking device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said base defines an opening exposing said food supporting means, said solar reflectors extending along said opening and pivoting to focus solar radiation substantially uniformly along an elongated axis extending along said opening substantially parallel to said reflectors. 4. Cooking device as claimed in claim 3, wherein said mounting means mounts each of said reflectors for pivoting from a closed position overlying one another to close said opening to an open position facing each other across said opening, said reflectors being pivotally adjustable in said open position to focus solar radiation along said axis. 5. Cooking device as claimed in claim 4, wherein each of said mounting means includes a pair of arms for each of said reflectors, first pivot means pivotally connecting one end of each of said arms to said base, and second pivot means pivotally connecting to other end of each of said arms to a corresponding reflector. 6. Cooking device as claimed in claim 5, wherein one of said reflectors is divided longitudinally into a pair of segments, and a hinge interconnecting said segments. 7. Cooking device as claimed in claim 5, wherein each of said reflectors has a pair of opposite ends, each of said ends being supported by a corresponding one of the arms secured to said ends. 8. Cooking device as claimed in claim 3, wherein each of said reflectors extend longitudinally along said axis, said solar reflector surface of each of said reflectors having substantially the same parabolic curve at each transverse cross section taken along the length of the reflector. 9. Cooking device as claimed in claim 3, wherein said food supporting means is a container supported within said opening by said base, said axis intersecting said container. 10. Cooking device as claimed in claim 9, wherein said container is divided into a pair of complementary dished members, one of said dished members being supported by said base, the other member being inverted on said one dished member to close the latter, said one dished member having a reflective coating on its inner surface for reflecting heat back into said food. 11. Cooking device as claimed in claim 3, wherein said base supports heat generating means for heating food supported on said food supporting means. 12. Cooking device as claimed in claim 11, wherein said mounting means mounts each of said reflectors for pivoting from a closed position overlying one another to close said opening to an open position facing each other across said opening for focusing solar radiation for heating said food and to an inactive position when the heat generating means is used for heating food. 13. Cooking device as claimed in claim 11, wherein said heat generating means includes a grate supported by said base and a combustible fuel supported on said base. 14. Cooking device as claimed in claim 11, wherein said heat generating means includes a heating element supported by said base. 15. Cooking device as claimed in claim 11, wherein said food supporting means is a container supported within said opening by said base, said axis intersecting said container, said container being divided into a pair of complementary dished members, one of said dished members being supported by said base, the other member being inverted on said one dished member to close the latter, said one dished member having a reflective coating on its inner surface for reflecting heat back into said food when said solar reflectors are used to heat said food, said dished members being inverted when the heat generating means used to heat said food whereby said one dished member closes against the other dished member. 16. Cooking device comprising a base, food supporting means carried by said base for supporting food to be cooked, solar energy reflecting means for focusing solar radiation into a linear beam for heating said food, said solar energy reflecting means being movable from an active position for focusing solar energy into a linear beam for cooking said food to a passive position, and heat generating means carried by said base for cooking food supported on said food supporting means when the solar energy reflecting means is moved to the passive position. 17. Cooking device as claimed in claim 16, wherein said base defines an opening exposing said food supporting means, said solar energy reflecting means being movable between said active position, said passive position, and a closed position closing said opening when the solar cooker is not used. 18. Cooking device as claimed in claim 16, wherein said heat generating means includes a grate supported by said base and a combustible fuel supported on said base. 19. Cooking device as claimed in claim 16, wherein said heat generating means includes an electric heating element supported by said base. 20. Cooking device as claimed in claim 16, wherein said food supporting means is a container supported within said opening by said base, said container being divided into a pair of complementary dished members, one of said dished members being supported by said base, the other member being inverted on said one dished member to close the latter, said one dished member having a reflective coating on its inner surface for reflecting heat back into said food. 21. Cooking device as claimed in claim 16, wherein said base defines an opening said food supporting means, said food supporting means being a container supported within said opening by said base, said axis intersecting said container, said container being divided into a pair of complementary dished members, one of said dished members being supported by said base, the other member being inverted on said one dished member to close the latter, said one dished member having a reflective coating on its inner surface for reflecting heat back into said food when said solar reflectors are used to heat said food, said dished members being inverted when the heat generating means used to heat said food whereby said one dished member closes against the other dished member. 