Roofing components and method for roofs includes a flexible base and one or more ranks of integrally formed thin blades, vanes or fins extending outwardly from the base. The blades, fins or vanes are spaced substantially parallel to each other and overlap to shadow lower elements and to provide air circulation and between blades, which are designed to sluff-off heat and impede thermal energy being transmitted to the roof. The blades, fins or vanes are flexible and resilient so as to absorb the impact of falling material (limbs, etc.). One edge portion of the base is free of blades to provide an overlapped area for installation on a pitched roof. Various overlapping and interlocking arrangements are disclosed for sealing purposes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A roofing element to provide shading from the sun for a roof, comprising: one or more vane members having upper and lower sides, a mounting element integral with said one or more of vane members for securing said one or more vane members on said pitched roof, each of said one or more vane members extending at an angle from said mounting element and having a length and being spaced such that upon installation on said roof with an array of further of said roofing elements, said vane members, except for the edge one of said vane members nearest the sun, each vane member is shaded by an adjacent vane member so that heat generated in the vanes by impingement of sun rays can be carried away by air convection on said upper and lower sides of said vane members. 2. The roofing element defined in claim 1 wherein each said vane member is thin such that thermal energy due to radiant solar energy impinging thereon and converted to thermal energy sees a high thermal impedance in a plane of said vane member and said thermal energy is radiated to the ambient atmosphere. 3. The roofing element defined in claim 1, said roofing element being adapted for installation on a flat roof with the vane members oriented in a predetermined direction. 4. The roofing element defined in claim 1 wherein said roofing element is in the form of mats having edges, and means for retaining said mats in position on said roof. 5. The roofing element defined in claim 1 wherein there are a plurality of said vane members integrally formed with a common base member. 6. Roofing component for roofs, comprising: a flexible base, ranks of vanes extending outwardly from and integrally formed with said base at a predetermined angle such that when mounted on a roof, said angle being oriented relative to the sun so as to take advantage of the maximum shadowing at mid-day, said vanes being thin such that they have a high thermal impedance in a plane of said vanes and being mounted substantially parallel to each other and in overlapping spaced ranks so that a next adjacent vane shades the vane below it and provides space for air circulation between said vane members to keep heat from penetrating the roof. 7. The roofing component defined in claim 6 wherein said base has a portion thereof free of said vanes so as to provide an overlapped area for installation on a pitched roof with at least one further of said roofing components. 8. Roofing component for roofs, comprising, a flexible base and one or more ranks of integrally formed thin solar energy absorbing and thermal energy radiating fins extending outwardly from the base at a first angle so as to cast a shadow on an adjacent fin, said fins being spaced substantially parallel to each other and overlap to shade portions of adjacent fins from the sun and to provide air circulation and between fins, said fins radiating heat and being thin so as to impede thermal energy being transmitted to the roof, said fins being flexible and resilient so as to absorb the impact of falling material. 9. The roofing component defined in claim 8 wherein said flexible base has one edge portion free of fins to provide an overlapped edge area. 10. The roofing component defined in claim 8 wherein said roofing element includes a further flexible base having a further one or more vanes of integrally formed thin solar energy absorbing and thermal energy radiating fins extending outwardly at an angle opposite said first angle, and an apex member flexibly joining said flexible base. 