A traffic monitoring system includes many monitoring nodes (10) distributed along many roads. A sonar ranging module (12) in each node continually measures the height of vehicles (19) crossing thereunder with repeated sonar pulses. A microcontroller (14) contains suitable instructions for estimating the speed of the vehicle by assigning a length to the vehicle based on its measured height, and dividing the length by the crossing time that the vehicle took to cross under the sonar module. The speed information from each node is transmitted to a central station (11) via a communication link (17). In a second embodiment, each node (10A) includes a pair of sonar modules (12A) spaced apart along a road. These measures the height of the vehicle, as well as the traversal time it takes to travel between both sonar modules. The microcontroller (14A) contains suitable instructions for dividing the modules' separation distance by the traversal time to accurately calculate the speed of the vehicle. The vehicle's length can be estimated by multiplying the calculated speed by the crossing time. The class of the vehicle can be estimated by looking its dimensions in a probability table (40) which relates vehicular dimensions with vehicle classes.
Claims We claim: 1. A traffic monitoring device for determining an estimated speed of a vehicle traveling on a road, said vehicle having a predetermined height, comprising: sonar ranging means mounted above said road for detecting the crossing of said vehicle and taking plural height measurements thereof, and computer means connected to said sonar ranging means for measuring a crossing time of said vehicle thereunder, and assigning an estimated length to said vehicle corresponding to said height measurements, and also calculating said estimated speed of said vehicle based on said crossing time and said estimated length, whereby said sonar ranging means will monitor the speed of said vehicle in clear weather, as well as in fog, rain, and snow. 2. The traffic monitoring device of claim 1 wherein said road includes plural lanes, and said sonar ranging means comprises plural sonar modules, each mounted over one of said lanes, so that all of said lanes are monitored. 3. The traffic monitoring device of claim 1, further including communication means for communicating said estimated speed to a central station at a location spaced apart from said sonar ranging means. 4. The traffic monitoring device of claim 3 wherein said communication means comprises a modem connected to said central station by a telephone line. 5. The traffic monitoring device of claim 3 wherein said communication means comprises a radio transmitter connected to said computer means, and a radio receiver connected to said central station. 6. The traffic monitoring device of claim 3 wherein said central station includes means for communicating average vehicle speed along a plurality of road locations to a user. 7. The traffic monitoring device of claim 1, further including a battery and a solar charger therefor, said battery being connected to supply power to said sonar ranging means. 8. A traffic monitoring device for determining an estimated class of a vehicle traveling on a road, said vehicle having a predetermined height, comprising: a pair of sonar ranging means mounted a predetermined separation distance apart along said road for sequentially detecting the crossing of said vehicle thereunder, and taking plural height measurements of said vehicle, and computer means connected to said pair of sonar ranging means for measuring a crossing time of said vehicle under at least one of said pair of sonar ranging means, and measuring a transversal time of said vehicle between said pair of sonar ranging means, and calculating an estimated speed of said vehicle by using said separation distance and said traversal time, and calculating an estimated length of said vehicle by using said estimated speed and said crossing time, and also determining said estimated class of said vehicle by using said height measurements and said estimated length. 9. The traffic monitoring device of claim 8 wherein said road includes plural lanes, said traffic monitoring device further including additional plural pairs of said sonar ranging means, each of said pairs being mounted above one of said lanes. 10. The traffic monitoring device of claim 8, further including communication means for communicating said estimated speed to a central station at a location spaced from said sonar ranging means. 11. The traffic monitoring device of claim 10 wherein said communication means comprises a modem connected to said central station by a telephone line. 12. The traffic monitoring device of claim 10 wherein said communication means comprises a radio transmitter connected to said computer means, and a radio receiver connected to said central station. 13. The traffic monitoring device of claim 8, further including a battery and a solar charger therefor, said battery being connected to supply power to said sonar ranging means. 14. The traffic monitoring device of claim 8 wherein said computer means includes a probability table which assigns a class probability to each of plural sets of vehicular dimensions. 15. A method of determining an estimated class of a vehicle traveling on a road, said vehicle having a predetermined height, comprising: measuring a traversal time of said vehicle between a pair of ranging means spaced apart by a predetermined separation distance along said road, measuring a crossing time of said vehicle under one of said pair of ranging means, taking a set of height measurements of said vehicle with one of said pair of ranging means, determining an estimated speed of said vehicle by dividing said separation distance by said traversal time, determining an estimated length of said vehicle by multiplying said estimated speed by said crossing time, providing a table assigning a vehicle class to each of plural sets of vehicular height and length, and determining said estimated class of said vehicle by looking up said height measurements and said estimated length in said table. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein said road includes plural lanes, said method further including providing additional plural pairs of said ranging means, so that each of said pairs is mounted above one of said lanes. 17. The method of claim 15, further including communicating said estimated speed, said estimated length, and said estimated class of said vehicle to a central station at a location spaced apart from said ranging means. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein said estimated speed, said estimated length, and said estimated class are communicated to said central station with a modem connected to said central station with a phone line. 19. The method of claim 17 wherein said estimated speed, said estimated length, and said estimated class are communicated to said central station with a radio transmitter connected to said ranging means and a radio receiver connected to said central station. 20. The method of claim 15, further including providing a battery with a solar charger, said battery being connected to supply power to said sonar ranging means. 