An oil spill detection system to detect and track oil spills and transmit data to a remote monitoring center comprising a buoyant detection platform including at least one detection sensor to detect the presence of hydrocarbons in the water adjacent the buoyant detection platform and generate a detection signal in response thereto and a communication system operatively coupled to the detection sensor to receive the detection signal and to generate a data signal in response to the detection signal and to transmit the data signal to the remote monitoring center, the data signal including a discrete platform identification signal corresponding to the buoyant detection platform, and a deployable free floating tracking buoy to be deployed when the detection signal is generated to indicate the direction and speed of travel of the oil slick created by the oil spill.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An oil spill detection system to detect and track oil spills and transmit data to a remote monitoring site comprising a stationary buoyant detection platform including a sensing means to detect the presence of hydrocarbons in the water adjacent said stationary buoyant detection platform and to generate a detection signal in response thereto and a communication means operatively coupled to said sensing means to receive said detection signal and to generate a data signal in response to said detection signal and to transmit said data signal to the remote monitoring site, and a deployable free floating tracking buoy detachably attached to said stationary buoyant detection platform by a tracking buoy retainer device movable between an open position to release said deployable free floating tracking buoy and a closed position to retain said deployable free floating tracking buoy, said tracking buoy retainer device operatively coupled to said communications means and further including control means to generate an enable signal in response to said detection signal and to transmit said enable signal to said tracking buoy retainer device to move said tracking buoy retainer device from said closed position to said open position to release said deployable free floating tracking buoy from said stationary buoyant detection platform into the oil such that said deployable free floating tracking buoy floats with the oil slick created by the oil spill whereby the location of said deployable free floating tracking buoy relative to said stationary buoyant detection platform indicates the direction and speed of travel of the oil slick. 2. The oil spill detection system of claim 1 wherein said buoyant detection platform comprises a lower floatation chamber to support said sensing means, an intermediate housing to operatively house said communication means and a power source and an upper support structure to operatively support said power source and a communication antenna. 3. The oil spill detection system of claim 1 wherein said sensing means includes a first detection sensor and a second sensor, when said detection sensors detect the presence of hydrocarbons, a first detection signal is generated and transmitted to said communication means and held for a predetermined time period until said second detection sensor also detects the presence of the hydrocarbon and generates a second detection signal which is also transmitted to said communication means, said communications means includes a first switch including a time delay and a second switch operatively coupled to said first detection sensor and said second detection sensor to receive said first and second detection signal and to generate said data signal and a control signal In response thereto. 4. The oil spill detection system of claim 1 wherein said free floating tracking buoy comprises a lower ballast, an intermediate float chamber and an upper support structure to operatively support a radar reflector and a beacon and to operatively house a power source such as a storage battery electrically connected to the beacon by a conductor to selectively power the beacon when said free floating tracking buoy is deployed. 5. The oil spill detection system of claim 4 wherein said upper support structure is configured to operatively support a plurality of solar cells thereon. 6. The oil spill detection system of claim 5 wherein said upper support structure further supports a radar reflector thereon. 7. The oil spill detection of claim 4 wherein said upper support structure further supports a marine lantern thereon. 8. The oil spill detection system of claim 1 wherein said tracking buoy retainer device comprises an offset member having a clamp including a first and second clamp element respectively movable between an open and closed position and an actuator coupled to said communications means. 9. The oil spill detection system of claim 1 wherein said deployable free floating tracking buoy comprises a bulbous floatation member to operatively house a detection sensor and to operatively house a communication means including a power source including at least one storage battery, said detection sensor including means to detect the presence of hydrocarbons and generate a detection signal transmitted to said communication means, said communication means includes circuitry to generate a data signal in response to said detection signal and to transmit said data signal to a remote satellite station. 10. The oil spill detection system of claim 9 further incldes a ballast attached to said bulbous floatation member. 11. The oil spill detection system of claim 1 wherein said communication means includes circuitry to communicate with a remote satellite station. 