The portable intelligent whole air sampling system performs in situ air sampling over multiple time periods at individually programmable times, rates and volumes. The system contains multiple independent disposable syringes that collectively provide a large sampling capacity for a large number of samples over an extended period. In addition, the unit/sampler features a battery powered system for portability, operational ability in a wide variety of environmental conditions, an internal time stamping feature to record time and date of events, and microprocessor controlled program features for flexible sampling options. The removable cassette/carousel provides sample portability to a sample extraction device that functions opposite the field sample intake device. Sampling system mechanical components include a removable syringe cassette/carousel, a motorized carousel drive, a motorized plunger extractor, and a motorized syringe selection fork. With the programmable microprocessor and three motor syringe selection and/or operation mechanisms, any number of syringes can be precisely operated during the sampling period by rotating a carousel to any available syringe. Sample extraction system mechanical components include a removable syringe cassette/carousel, motorized carousel drive, and motorized plunger depression drive. With a programmable microprocessor and two motor syringe selection and/or operation mechanism, the samples within any number of syringes can be precisely extracted. Further, varying sized carousels and varying sized disposable syringes can be combined for additional flexibility in the sampling or extraction system.
Claims We claim: 1. An air sampling system comprising: means for removably affixing a plurality of sample containers in a removable carousel within a housing; means for controlling said air sampling system from within said housing according to at least one programmable sampling parameter selected from the group consisting of: flow rate, time of day, time period, occurrence of an event, and total volume, independently for each one of said plurality of sample containers; and means, responsive to said controlling means, for variably capturing a whole air sample in a precise amount that can be less than an entire sample container volume for any of said plurality of sample containers by way of an air sample port through said housing. 2. An air sampling system according to claim 1 including: means for sealing said housing to protect said air sampling system from external elements. 3. An air sampling system according to claim 1 wherein said means for removably affixing includes: means for mounting said removable carousel in said housing, said removable carousel having a plurality of removable syringes therein. 4. An air sampling system according to claim 1 wherein said means for controlling includes: means for individually manipulating each of said plurality of sample containers with at least one motor common to all of said plurality of sample containers; and means for transferring said whole air sample into and out of each of said plurality of sample containers by way of a resealable valve, wherein said resealable valve prevents said whole air sample from unintentionally escaping any one of said plurality of sample containers once said whole air sample has been captured therein. 5. An air sampling system according to claim 1, wherein said means for controlling includes: means for powering said air sampling system in at least one portable form selected from the group consisting of: battery, solar conversion, generator. 6. An air sampling system according to claim 5 further including: means for operationally suspending said control means for at least one period selected from the group consisting of: a fixed period, and a variable period; and means, responsive to said at least one period ending, for generating an interrupt from a monitoring device within said housing to awaken said control means, said monitoring device being powered independently from any other power source for said air sampling system. 7. An air sampling system according to claim 1 further including: means for communicating said at least one programmable sampling parameter to said air sampling system from a location external to said air sampling system. 8. An air sampling system according to claim 7 wherein said means for communicating includes: means for transmitting between said air sampling system and said location external to said air sampling system by way of a medium selected from the group consisting of: electrical wire medium and wireless medium, wherein a transmission is of at least one type selected from the group consisting of: error information, parameter program downloading, event markers, and status information. 9. An air sampling system according to claim 1 further including: means for communicating said at least one programmable sampling parameter into said air sampling system from a source internal to said air sampling system. 10. An air sampling system according to claim 9 wherein said means for communicating includes: means for selecting from a plurality of predefined programmable sampling parameters stored within said air sampling system in at least one manner selected from the group consisting of: predefined, default, and user selection. 11. An air sampling system according to claim 1 wherein said means for capturing includes: means for selecting an available container from said plurality of sample containers, wherein said available container is a syringe having a plunger therein; means for withdrawing said plunger from within said available container thereby drawing in said whole air sample by way of said air sample port; and means for sealing said available container to prevent said whole air sample from unintentionally escaping. 12. An air sampling system according to claim 1, further including: means for removing said carousel containing said plurality of sample containers from said housing and placing said carousel in a sample extracting device; means for extracting said whole air sample from at least one of said plurality of sample containers by way of said air sample port; and means for controlling said sample extracting device from within said extracting device according to at least one sampling parameter selected from the group consisting of: flow rate, user input command, time period, time of day, occurrence of an event, and total volume extracted, for each of said at least one said plurality of sampling containers. 13. A method for air sampling comprising: removably affixing a plurality of sample containers in a removable carousel within a housing; controlling said air sampling system from within said housing according to at least one programmable sampling parameter selected from the group consisting of: flow rate, time of day, time period, occurrence of an event, and total volume, independently for each one of said plurality of sample containers; and variably capturing a whole air sample in a precise amount that can be less than an entire sample container volume for any of said plurality of sample containers by way of an air sample port through said housing, in response to said step of controlling. 14. A method according to claim 13 including: sealing said housing to protect said air sampling system from external elements. 15. A method according to claim 13 wherein said removably affixing step includes: mounting said removable carousel in said housing, said removable carousel having a plurality of removable syringes therein. 16. A method according to claim 13 wherein said controlling step includes: individually manipulating each of said plurality of sample containers with at least one motor common to all of said plurality of sample containers; and transferring said whole air sample into and out of each of said plurality of sample containers by way of a resealable valve, wherein said resealable valve prevents said whole air sample from unintentionally escaping any one of said plurality of sample containers once said whole air sample has been captured therein. 17. A method according to claim 13, wherein said controlling step includes: powering said air sampling system in at least one portable form selected from the group consisting of: battery, solar conversion, and generator. 18. A method according to claim 17 further including: operationally suspending said controlling step for at least one period selected from the group consisting of: a fixed period, and a variable period; and generating an interrupt from a monitoring device within said housing to awaken said controlling step in response to said at least one period ending, said monitoring device being powered independently from any other power source for said air sampling system. 19. A method according to claim 13 further including: communicating said at least one programmable sampling parameter to said air sampling system from a location external to said air sampling system. 20. A method according to claim 19 wherein said communicating step includes: transmitting between said air sampling system and said location external to said air sampling system by way of a medium selected from the group consisting of: electrical wire medium and wireless medium, wherein a transmission is of at least one type selected from the group consisting of: error information, parameter program downloading, event markers, and status information. 21. A method according to claim 13 further including: communicating said at least one programmable sampling parameter into said air sampling system from a source internal to said air sampling system. 22. A method according to claim 21 wherein said communicating step includes: selecting from a plurality of predefined programmable sampling parameters stored within said air sampling system in at least one manner selected from the group consisting of: predefined, default, and user selection. 23. A method according to claim 13 wherein said capturing step includes: selecting an available container from said plurality of sample containers, wherein said available container is a syringe having a plunger therein; withdrawing said plunger from within said available container thereby drawing in said whole air sample by way of said air sample port; and sealing said available container to prevent said whole air sample from unintentionally escaping. 24. A method according to claim 13, further including: removing said carousel containing said plurality of sample containers from said housing and placing said carousel in a sample extracting device; extracting said whole air sample from at least one of said plurality of sample containers by way of said air sample port; and controlling said sample extracting device from within said extracting device according to at least one sampling parameter selected from the group consisting of: flow rate, user input command, time period, time of day, occurrence of an event, and total volume extracted, for each of said at least one said plurality of sampling containers. 