An apparatus for covering and uncovering a skylight opening. The apparatus has a parallel guide pair mounted on the outside of a framing surrounding the opening, a carriage with skylight movably mounted on the guides, and an actuator for moving the carriage over the guide's length. The guides extend a distance beyond the framing's right side sufficient to displace the skylight completely away from the opening. One end of a screen, large enough to cover the opening, is connected to the carriage's left side. The other screen end is mounted on a storage roller rotatably supported by the framing's left side. The roller's spring maintains screen tension so that, when the carriage is displaced away from the framing's left side, the screen is tautly pulled over the space between the framing's left side and the carriage's left side. One end of a shade, large enough to cover the carriage's opening, is positionable adjacent the carriage's left inside wall. The other shade end is mounted on a second storage roller rotatably supported by the framing's right side. The roller's spring maintains shade tension. A coupling device's left end is attached to the shade's one end. The device's right end can be coupled and uncoupled to the carriage's right side. When the device is coupled, that part of the carriage overlaying the framing's opening is covered by the shade. A rigid panel shade can also be used with the coupling device. The carriage can be remotely opened and closed and automated to open for smoke, and to close for moisture and intruders.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for covering and uncovering an opening in a structure comprising: a framing having front, rear, left and right side members with an opening therethrough which spans an opening in a structure; a pair of parallel guides each having a left end, a right end and a length, one of the guide mounted on an outside surface of the front side member of the framing and the other guide mounted on an outside surface of the rear side member of the framing, the left end of each of the parallel guides being near the left side member of the framing and the right end of each of the guides extending beyond the right side member of the framing a predetermined distance; carriage means movably mounted on the parallel guides so that the carriage means can be moved over the length of the parallel guides, the carriage means having an opening therethrough about the same size as the opening through the framing, the carriage means adaptable for mounting a cover member thereon; means for moving the carriage means over the length of the parallel guides; a flexible screen having a size large enough to cover the opening through the framing, the screen having one end thereof connected to the left side of the carriage means; screen storage means for rolling the other end of the screen onto for storage, the screen storage means rotatably supported by a stationary member at a location near and outside of the left side member of the framing; and means for maintaining the screen in tension so that, when the carriage means is displaced away from the left side member of the framing, the screen will be unrolled from the screen storage means and tautly pulled over a space between the left side member of the framing rood the left side of the carriage means. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a cover member mounted on the carriage means. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the cover member is a skylights. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising means for aligning the screen to the framing as the screen is tautly pulled over the space between the left side member of the framing and the left side of the carriage means. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a shade having a size large enough to cover the opening through the carriage means; shade storage means for storing the shade away from the opening through the framing; and means for linking and unlinking the shade to the carriage means so that, when the shade is linked to the carriage means, that part of the opening through the carriage mean between the left end of the opening through the carriage means and the right side member of the framing is covered by the shade. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a flexible shade having a size large enough to cover the opening through the carriage means; shade storage means for rolling the shade onto for storage, the shade storage means rotatably supported by a stationary member at a location near and outside of the right side member of the framing; means for linking and unlinking one end of the shade to the carriage means so that, when said one end of the shade is linked to the carriage means, that part of the opening through the carriage mean between the left end of the opening through the carriage means, and the right side member of the framing is covered by the shade; and means for maintaining the shade in tension between the shade storage means and said one end of the shade so that, when said one end of the shade is linked to the carriage means, the shade will be unrolled from the shade storage means and tautly pulled over said part of the opening through the carriage mean. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the means for moving the carriage means comprises a linear actuator, housing of which is mounted to a stationary member and a telescoping member of which is connected to the carriage means. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising controller means having a first control for moving the carriage means towards the left end of the parallel guides, and a second control for moving the carriage means towards the right end of the parallel guides. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the controller means is a remote controlled controller means. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising means for automatically stopping the carriage means as it moves towards the left end of the parallel guides and completely covers the opening through the framing, and means for automatically stopping the carriage means as it moves towards and reaches a predetermined point near the right end of the parallel guides. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising means for sensing smoke at a predetermined location inside the structure and, when smoke is sensed, for automatically moving the carriage means to a predetermined point near the right end of the parallel guides. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising means for sensing moisture at a predetermined location outside of the structure and, when moisture is sensed, for automatically moving the carriage means over the opening through the framing. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising means for sensing motion at a predetermined location outside of the structure and, when motion is sensed, for automatically moving the carriage means over the opening through the framing. 14. An apparatus for covering and uncovering an opening in a structure comprising: a framing having front, rear, left and right side members with an opening therethrough which spans an opening in a structure; a pair of parallel guides each having a left end, a right end and a length, one of the guide mounted on an outside surface of the front side member of the framing and the other guide mounted on an outside surface of the rear side member of the framing, the left end of each of the parallel guides being near the left side member of the framing and the right end of each of the guides extending beyond the right side member of the framing a predetermined distance; carriage means movably mounted on the parallel guides so that the carriage means can be moved over the length of the parallel guides, the carriage means having an opening therethrough about the same size as the opening through the framing, the carriage means adaptable for mounting a cover member thereon; means for moving the carriage means over the length of the parallel guides; a flexible shade having a size large enough to cover the opening through the carriage means; shade storage means for rolling the shade onto for storage, the shade storage means rotatably supported by a stationary member at a location near and outside of the right side member of the framing; means for linking and unlinking one end of the shade to the carriage means so that, when said one end of the shade is linked to the carriage means, that part of the opening through the carriage mean between the left end of the opening through the carriage means and the right side member of the framing is covered by the shade; and means for maintaining the shade in tension between the shade storage means and said one end of the shade so that, when said one end of the shade is linked to the carriage means, the shade will be unrolled from the shade storage means and tautly pulled over said part of the opening through the carriage mean. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, further comprising an elongated roller means supported by a stationary member and positioned between the shade storage means and said one end of the shade, the elongated roller means for aligning the shade over the right side member of the framing as the shade is extended thereover. 16. The apparatus, of claim 14, further comprising controller means having a first control for moving the carriage means towards the left end of the parallel guides, a second control for moving the carriages means towards the right end of the parallel guides, and a third control for activating and deactivating the means for linking and unlinking said one end of the shade to the carriage means. 17. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein the means for linking and unlinking said one end of the shade to the carriage means comprises: spanner member having left and right ends the left end connected to said one end of the flexible shade; and means, for coupling and uncoupling the right end of the spanner member to the right side of the carriage means, and wherein, when the spanner member is coupled to the right side of the carriage means, the left end of the spanner member is positioned near the left side of the opening through the carriage means. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein, when the spanner member is coupled to the carriage means, the spanner member is between the flexible shade and the carriage means. 19. The apparatus of claim 17, further comprising a cross member fixed to and spanning from front to rear the right end of the parallel guides; wherein the means for coupling and uncoupling the right end of the spanner member to the right side of the carriage means comprises solenoid means and connector means having a first part and a second part, the solenoid means having a plunger, the solenoid means supported by the cross member, the first part having a first-half connector link, the first part supported by the right distal end of the spanner member, the second part having a cam part and a second-half connector link, the second part pivotally connected to the right side of the carriage means, wherein, when the plunger of solenoid means is retracted, the second-half connector link connects to the first-half connector link when the carriage means reaches the solenoid means, wherein, when the first-half and second-half connector links are connected and the plunger of solenoid means is extended, the extend plunger and cam part cause the second part to pivot away from the first-half connector link when the cam part reaches the solenoid means thereby disconnecting of the second-half connector link from the first-half connector link, and wherein, when the first-half and second-half connector links are disconnected and the plunger of solenoid means is extended, the extended plunger and cam part cause the second part to pivot away from the first-half connector link when the cam part reaches the solenoid means thereby preventing the second-half connector link from connecting to the first-half connector link. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, further comprising controller means having a first control for moving the carriage means towards the left end of the parallel guides, a second control for moving the carriage means towards the right end of the parallel guides, and a third control for energizing the solenoid means. 21. An apparatus for covering and uncovering an opening in a structure comprising: a framing having front, rear, left and right side members with an opening therethrough which spans an opening in a structure; a pair of parallel guides each having a left end, a right end and a length, one of the guide mounted on an outside surface of the front side member of the framing and the other guide mounted on an outside surface of the rear side member of the framing, the left end of each of the parallel guides being near the left side member of the framing and the right end of each of the guides extending beyond the right side member of the framing a predetermined distance; carriage means movably mounted on the parallel guides so that the carriage means can be moved over the length of the parallel guides, the carriage means having an opening therethrough about the same size as the opening through the framing, the carriage means adaptable for mounting a cover member thereon; means for moving the carriage means over the length of the parallel guides; a rigid tray member having front, rear, left and rights ends and an opening therebetween, the tray member having a size large enough to span the opening through the carriage means; a panel member fitted over the opening of, and encased by, the tray member; means for coupling and uncoupling the right side of the tray member to the right side of the carriage means so that, when the tray member is so coupled, the left side of the tray member is positioned near the left side of the opening through the carriage means, and the part of the opening through the framing covered by the carriage means is also covered by the tray member and panel member assembly. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the opening through the tray member is a plurality of openings formed by a frame work dependent from the tray member, and wherein the panel member is a plurality of panels fitted over the plurality of openings in the frame work. 23. The apparatus of claim 21, further comprising a cross member fixed to and spanning from front to rear the right end of the parallel guides; wherein the means for coupling and uncoupling the right side of the tray member to the right side of the carriage means comprises solenoid means and connector means having a first part and a second part, the solenoid means having a plunger, the solenoid means supported by the cross member, the first part having a first-half connector link, the first part supported by the right end of the tray member, the second part having a cam part and second-half connector link, the second part pivotally connected to the right side of the carriage means, wherein, when the plunger of solenoid means is retracted, the second-halt connector link connects to the first-half connector link when the carriage means reaches the solenoid means, wherein when the first-half and second-half connector links are connected and the plunger of solenoid means is extended, the extended plunger and cam part cause the second part to pivot away from the first-half connector link when the cam part reaches the solenoid means thereby disconnecting of the second-half connector link from the first-half connector link, and wherein, when the first-half and second-half connector links are disconnected and the plunger of solenoid means is extended, the extended plunger and cam part cause the second part to pivot away from the first-half connector link when the cam part reaches the solenoid means thereby preventing the second-half connector link from connecting to the first-half connector link. 24. An apparatus for covering and uncovering an opening in a structure comprising: a framing having front, rear, left and right side members with which opening therethrough which spans an opening in a structure; a pair of parallel guides each having a left end, a right end and a length, one of the guide mounted on an outside surface of the front side member of the framing and the other guide mounted on an outside surface of the rear side member of the framing, the left end of each of the parallel guides being near the left side member of the framing and the right end of each of the guides extending beyond the right side member of the framing a predetermined distance; carriage means movably mounted on the parallel guides so that the carriage means can be moved over the length of the parallel guides, the carriage means having an opening therethrough about the same size as the opening through the framing, the carriage means adaptable for mounting a cover member thereon; and means for moving the carriage means over the length of the parallel guides which comprises a linear actuator the housing of which is mounted to a stationary member and a telescoping member of which is connected to the carriage means. 25. The apparatus of claim 24, further comprising means for automatically stopping the carriage means as it moves towards the left end of the parallel guides and completely covers the opening through the framing, and means for automatically stopping the carriage means as it moves towards and reaches a predetermined point near the right end of the parallel guides. 26. The apparatus of claim 24, further comprising an electrical power source for powering the linear actuator. 27. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein the electrical power source is a battery. 28. The apparatus of claim 27, further comprising a solar panel for charging the battery. 29. An apparatus for covering and uncovering an opening in a structure comprising: a framing having front, rear, left and right side members with an opening therethrough which spans an opening in a structure; a pair of parallel guides each having a left end, a right end and a length, one of the guide mounted on an outside surface of the front side member of the framing and the other guide mounted on an outside surface of the rear side member of the framing, the left end of each of the parallel guides being near the left side member of the framing and the right end of each of the guides extending beyond the right side member of the framing predetermined distance; carriage means movably mounted on the parallel guides so that the carriage means can be moved over the length of the parallel guides, the carriage means having an opening therethrough about the same size as the opening through the framing, the carriage means adaptable for mounting a cover member thereon; means for moving the carriage means over the length of the parallel guides; and smoke detector means for sensing smoke at a predetermined location in the structure and, when smoke is sensed, for automatically moving the carriage means to a predetermined point near the right end of the parallel guides. 30. The apparatus of claim 29, further comprising an alarm for emitting a continuous warning sound when the smoke detector means senses smoke. 31. The apparatus of claim 29, further comprising moisture detector means for sensing moisture at a predetermined location outside of the structure and, when moisture is sensed, for automatically moving the carriage means over the opening through the framing. 32. The apparatus of claim 29, further comprising motion detector means for sensing motion at a predetermined location outside of the structure and, when motion is sensed, for automatically moving the carriage means over the opening through the framing. 33. The apparatus of the claim 32, further comprising an alarm for emitting a continuous warning sound when the motion detector means senses motion. 34. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the remote control means is voice activated. 