An illuminated memorial for use at a grave site comprised of an opaque hollow structure that defines an interior chamber. An aperture extends into said hollow structure exposing a portion of the hollow chamber. The hollow structure itself is preferably formed from metal and is shaped and reinforced in its structure to resist physical damage from vandals. A light source is contained within hollow structure proximate the aperture, whereby light emitted by said light source is directed through said aperture. The light source is powered by at least one rechargeable battery. A photovoltaic source is supported at the highest point of the hollow structure, wherein said photovoltaic source converts light into electricity and recharges the rechargeable batteries during daylight conditions.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An illuminated memorial, comprising: an opaque hollow structure having a first end and a second end and defining an internal region therebetween, wherein an aperture extends into said hollow structure at a point between said first end and said second end, exposing a portion of said internal region; a mounting means disposed proximate said second end of said hollow structure for mounting said hollow structure to a tombstone; a light source contained within said internal region proximate said aperture, whereby light emitted by said light source is directed through said aperture; at least one rechargeable battery disposed within said hollow structure; photovoltaic source supported at a predetermined height by said hollow structure, wherein said photovoltaic source converts light into electricity; a control circuit coupled to said light source, said photovoltaic source and said rechargeable battery for selectively coupling said photovoltaic source to said rechargeable battery and said battery to said light source depending upon ambient lighting conditions. 2. The memorial according to claim 1, wherein said hollow structure is metal. 3. The memorial according to claim 2, wherein said metal is selected from a group consisting of stainless steel, titanium, aluminum alloy and tungsten alloy. 4. The memorial according to claim 1, wherein said hollow structure is comprised of at least one segment of tubing. 5. The memorial according to claim 1, wherein said aperture is shaped as a religious icon. 6. The memorial according to claim 1, further including a translucent element disposed over said aperture, whereby the light from said light source passes through said translucent element. 7. The memorial according to claim 6, wherein said translucent element is tinted in color. 8. The memorial according to claim 6, wherein said internal region is hermetically sealed. 9. The memorial according to claim 1, wherein said photovoltaic source is a solar panel that is supported by said hollow structure in a plane that is tilted at an acute angle relative to a horizontal plane. 10. The memorial according to claim 9, wherein said solar panel is covered by a protective transparent cover. 11. The memorial according to claim 9, wherein said solar panel is supported by a metal plate that is coupled to said first end of said hollow structure. 12. The monument according to claim 1, wherein said hollow structure includes a means for non-destructively accessing said at least one storage battery. 13. The memorial according to claim 1, wherein said hollow structure is a cross comprised of a central metal tube extending between said first end and said second end and two small pieces of tubing extending laterally from said central metal tube at a predetermined point between said first end and said second end. 14. The memorial according to claim 13 wherein said photovoltaic source is coupled to said first end of said cross, whereby said photovoltaic source is at the highest point associated with said memorial. 15. The memorial according to claim 1, wherein said hollow structure is a single piece of tubing extending between said first end and said second end and wherein said photovoltaic source is coupled to said first end at the highest point associated with said memorial. tubing through said translucent window. 16. An illuminated memorial, comprising: a tombstone; a piece of hollow tubing extending between a first end and a second end; a translucent window disposed between said first end and said second end, exposing a section within said hollow tubing; a mounting means coupled to said second end for mounting said hollow tubing in a generally vertical orientation onto said tombstone.; and a lighting means contained within said hollow tubing for producing light that shines out of said hollow tubing through said translucent window. 17. The memorial according to claim 16, wherein said lighting means includes a rechargeable electric source and said memorial further includes a photovoltaic source coupled to said first end of said hollow tubing, wherein said photovoltaic source recharges said rechargeable electric source. 18. The memorial according to claim 16 wherein said hollow tubing is metal. 19. An illuminated memorial, comprising: an opaque hollow structure having a first end and a second end and defining an internal region therebetween, wherein an aperture extends into said hollow structure at a point between said first end and said second end, exposing a portion of said internal region; a light source contained within said internal region proximate said aperture, whereby light emitted by said light source is directed through said aperture; a translucent element disposed over said aperture, whereby the light from said light source passes through said translucent element; at least one rechargeable battery disposed within said hollow structure; photovoltaic source supported at a predetermined height by said hollow structure, wherein said photovoltaic source converts light into electricity; a control circuit coupled to said light source, said photovoltaic source and said rechargeable battery for selectively coupling said photovoltaic source to said rechargeable battery and said battery to said light source depending upon ambient lighting conditions. 