A photovoltaic module comprises a photovoltaic panel having a top edge and a bottom edge. An exterior frame structure attached to edges of the photovoltaic panel defines an upwardly open groove extending along at least the top and bottom edges of the panel to direct rain water away from underside of the panel.
Claims What is claimed: 1. A photovoltaic module comprising: photovoltaic panel having atop edge and a bottom edge; an exterior frame structure attached to the top and bottom edges of the photovoltaic panel, the exterior frame structure including an upwardly open groove extending along each of the top and bottom edges for channeling rain water. 2. A photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the frame structure has side edges which each also define an upwardly open groove. 3. A photovoltaic apparatus for mounting on a sloped surface, said photovoltaic apparatus comprising: at least one lengthwise member adapted to be mounted on the sloped surface in the direction of the slope of the sloped surface, the lengthwise member having a top open groove and a mounting flange on one side of the top open groove; and at least two adjacent photovoltaic modules adapted to be placed on the lengthwise member along the direction of the slope of the sloped surface, each of the photovoltaic modules including a sheet-shaped photovoltaic panel having a top edge, a bottom edge and side edges, and an exterior frame structure attached to the top edge, bottom edge and side edges of the photovoltaic panel, the exterior frame structure including an upwardly open groove extending at least along each of the top edge and the bottom edge and projecting outwardly from each of the top edge and the bottom edge, the upwardly open grooves of the frame structure fluidically communicating with the top open groove of the lengthwise member; and the side edges of the exterior frame structures of two adjacent photovoltaic modules being mounted on the mounting flange of the lengthwise member. 4. A photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 3, wherein the exterior frame structure attached at each of the side edges includes an upwardly open groove extending along each of the side edges, and projects outwardly from each of the side edges. 5. A photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 4, wherein the photovoltaic module has four corners defined by the top edge, the bottom edge and the side edges, and the upwardly open grooves have side walls, the side walls having openings at at least one of the corners. 6. A photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 3, wherein the lengthwise member has a rectangular cross section, having an upper surface, and has a top opening and the mounting flange on the one side of the top opening on the upper surface thereof, the top open groove being formed inside the lengthwise member and being open at the top opening. 7. A photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 6, further comprising a metal fixture for fixing the photovoltaic modules to the lengthwise member, and wherein the metal fixture comprises: a strip-shaped member wider than the width of the top opening for engaging the mounting flange; a generally U-shaped member, the U-shaped member having edges for engaging the upwardly open grooves of the exterior frame structure; and means for fixing the strip-shaped member and the U-shaped member to each other. 8. A photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 3, wherein the side edge at least one end of each of the upwardly open grooves in the top edge and the bottom edge of a photovoltaic module is open. 9. A photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 3, further comprising a plurality of boards wherein the at least two adjacent photovoltaic modules define a pattern and the boards have a similar pattern. 10. A photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 3, further comprising a plurality of boards wherein the at least two adjacent photovoltaic modules and the boards have a similar color. 11. A photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 3, further comprising a plurality of boards wherein the at least two adjacent photovoltaic modules and the boards each have a similar size. 12. A photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 3, further comprising a cover for covering a joint area between the two adjacent photovoltaic modules to substantially prevent rain water from flowing into the joint area. 13. A photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 12, wherein at least one of the exterior frame structures facing another exterior frame structure includes a first hook member, and the cover includes a second hook member for detachably engaging the first hook member. 14. A photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 13, wherein at least one of the first hook member and the second hook member is made of a resilient material. 15. A photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 13, wherein the first hook member is provided inside the upwardly open groove of at least one of the exterior frame structures facing another exterior frame structure. 16. A photovoltaic apparatus for mounting on a sloped surface, the photovoltaic apparatus comprising: at least one lengthwise member for mounting on the sloped surface in the direction of the slope, the at least one lengthwise member having a first top open groove and two mounting flanges on both sides of the first top open groove; at least two adjacent frame members disposed on the two mounting flanges of the at least one lengthwise member, each of said at least two adjacent frame members including a second top open groove; and a photovoltaic panel attached to each of the at least two adjacent frame members. 17. A photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 16, wherein the photovoltaic panel defines an upper edge and a lower edge, said apparatus further including an upper frame member extending along the upper edge of the panel and a lower frame member extending along the lower edge of the panel, each of the upper frame member and the lower frame member including an upwardly open groove fluidically communicating with the first top open groove of the at least one lengthwise member. 