The disclosure concerns various improvements in a solar energy plant of the kind in which incoming solar radiation is concentrated by a Fresnel reflector, i.e. a field of concentrating mirrors, and the concentrated radiation is focused into a solar receiver. By one improvement a dielectric mirror is provided at a suitable level above the solar collector, to reflect the concentrated solar radiation into the collector. By another disclosed improvement a plurality of non-imaging secondary concentrators arranged in concentric zones is provided intermediary between the dielectric mirror and receiver. By yet another improvement the solar receiver is directly attached to a heat storage system.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar energy plant for the conversion of solar radiation into utilizable energy, comprising: a Fresnel reflector including a plurality of radiation concentrating mirrors installed on a base plane, said Fresnel reflector being in the form of a heliostats field in which said concentrating mirrors track the sun and having a focal point removed from the heliostats field by a focal length; at least one solar receiver placed close to said base plane; and an additional reflector mounted above said heliostats field close to said focal point so that concentrated solar radiation reflected by the heliostats field is redirected onto said at least one solar receiver; and wherein said additional reflector is in the form of a dielectric mirror, whereby an overheating of the additional reflector is avoided. 2. A solar energy plant according to claim 1, characterized in that the additional reflector is in the form of a mirror having a curved shape so as to ensure that a distribution of angles of incidence of the radiation is substantially limited. 3. A solar energy plant according to claim 2, characterized in that the additional reflector is a convex mirror mounted in front of the focal point. 4. A solar energy plant according to claim 2, characterized in that the additional reflector is a concave mirror mounted behind the focal point. 5. A solar energy plant according to claim 4, characterized in that the dielectric mirror is of the beam-splitter type so that all the non-reflected radiation is transmitted. 6. A solar energy plant according to claim 5, characterized in that the dielectric mirror is highly reflective so that all the losses of the reflector are transmission losses. 7. A solar energy plant according to claim 4, characterized in that the dielectric mirror is provided with a highly reflective metallic back coating and is adapted to enhance the reflectivity of said coating. 8. A solar energy plant according to claim 7, characterized in that the dielectric mirror is fabricated so as to be color selective. 9. A solar energy plant according to claim 8, characterized in that the color selective dielectric mirror is of a bandpass type. 10. A solar energy plant according to claim 9, characterized in that the dielectric mirror is segmented. 11. A solar energy plant according to claim 10, characterized in that the dielectric mirror is of the Fresnel type. 12. A solar energy plant according to claim 11, comprising a secondary concentrator placed between said additional reflector and said at least one solar receiver. 13. A solar energy plant according to claim 12, characterized in that said secondary concentrator is of the imaging type. 14. A solar energy plant according to claim 12, characterized in that said secondary concentrator is of the non-imaging type. 15. A solar energy plant according to claim 14, characterized in that said secondary concentrator is a compound parabolic concentrator. 16. A solar energy plant according to claim 14, characterized in that said secondary concentrator is a tailored edge-ray concentrator. 17. A solar energy plant according to claim 16, characterized in that the Fresnel reflector is located in a base plane that is inclined relative to the horizontal in a fashion that reduces the angle between incident solar radiation and a normal to the base plane. 18. A solar energy plant according to claim 17, characterized in that said at least one receiver is distanced from said Fresnel reflector and said additional reflector is tilted so as to redirect radiation onto said receiver. 19. A solar energy plant according to claim 18, comprising means for extracting utilizable energy from said additional reflector. 20. A solar energy plant according to claim 19, characterized in that said at least one solar receiver is associated with a heat engine and electric generator. 21. A solar energy plant according to claim 19, characterized in that said at least one solar receiver is a light pumped laser device. 22. A solar energy plant according to claim 19, characterized in that said al least one solar receiver is a chemical reactor. 23. A solar energy plant according to claim 22, characterized in that said at least one solar receiver is a photochemical reactor. 24. A solar energy plant according to claim 19, characterized in that said at least one solar receiver is a photovoltaic system. 25. A solar energy plant according to claim 19, characterized in that said at least one solar receiver is associated with means for the extraction of utilizable heat. 26. A solar energy plant according to claim 19, characterized in that said at least one solar receiver is associated with an energy storage system. 27. A solar energy plant according to claim 19, characterized in that said at least one solar receiver is a heat storage tank. 28. A solar energy plant according to claim 27, characterized in that the ratio between the distance of the additional reflector from said focal point and the focal length of the heliostats field is within the range of from about 1:5 to about 1:10. 29. A solar energy plant according to claim 28, characterized in that the ratio between the diameter of the additional reflector and the heliostats field is about 1:10. 30. A solar energy plant according to claim 29, characterized in that it comprises at least two solar receivers. 31. A solar energy plant according to claim 30, characterized in that at least one of said solar receivers is placed in the focal region of said heliostats field. 32. A solar energy plant according to claim 31, comprising at least one supplementary reflector placed between said additional reflector and at least one of said solar receivers. 33. A solar energy plant according to claims 30, comprising at least one supplementary reflector placed between said additional reflector and at least one of said solar receivers. 34. A solar energy plant according to claim 33, characterized in that said at least one supplementary reflector is of the dielectric mirror type. 35. A solar energy plant according to claim 33, characterized in that said at least one supplementary reflector is of the beam-splitter type. 36. A solar energy plant according to claim 35, characterized in that said at least one supplementary reflector is fabricated so as to be color selective. 37. A solar energy plant according to claim 36, characterized in that said at least one supplementary color selective reflector is of the bandpass type. 38. A solar energy plant according to claim 37, characterized in that said at least one supplementary color selective reflector has different bandpasses for different solar receivers. 39. A solar energy plant according to claim 38, characterized in that said at least one receiver holds a working fluid for a withdrawal of absorbed heat and the plant comprises intermediary between said additional reflector and said receiver, a plurality of non-imaging secondary concentrators arranged in concentric zones, each secondary concentrator associated with a dedicated aperture in said receiver, whereby concentric zone of different temperature are formed inside the receiver and the working fluid is gradually heated when passing from the outermost zone with the lowest temperature to the innermost zone with the highest temperature. 40. A solar energy plant according to claim 39, characterized in that the receiver comprises a plurality of receiver units each having one aperture. 41. A solar energy plant according to claim 39, characterized in that the receiver comprises one single receiver unit with a plurality of apertures. 42. A solar energy plant according to claim 41, characterized in that the plant comprises means for monitoring a displacement of said additional reflector and means for dynamic adjustment of the heliostats so as to track the displacement of the reflector whereby any impairment of the performance of the plant in consequence of reflector displacement is avoided. 43. A solar energy plant according claim 42, characterized in that said monitoring means is a laser device. 44. A solar energy plant according claim 42, characterized in that said monitoring means is a TV imaging system. 45. A solar energy plant according to claim 1, wherein said additional reflector is disposed at an altitude at which intensive cooling of the reflector is not practical. 46. A solar energy plant for conversion of solar radiation of the kind that comprises a working fluid for the withdrawal of absorbed heat, comprising a Fresnel reflector consisting of a plurality of concentrating mirrors installed on a base plane and having a focal point above said base plane removed from the Fresnel reflector by a focal length, at least one solar receiver assembly placed close to said base plane and holding said working fluid and an additional reflector mounted above said Fresnel reflector close to said focal point whereby concentrated solar radiation reflected by the Fresnel reflector is redirected onto said at least one solar receiver assembly, characterized in that the plant comprises intermediary between said additional reflector and said at least one solar receiver, a plurality of non-imaging secondary concentrators arranged in concentric zones, each secondary concentrator associated with a dedicated aperture in said receiver assembly, whereby concentric zones of different temperature are formed inside the receiver and the working fluid is gradually heated when passing from the outermost zone with the lowest temperature to the innermost zone with the highest temperature. 47. A solar energy plant according to claim 46, characterized in that the receiver assembly comprises a plurality of receiver units each having one aperture. 48. A solar energy plant according to claim 46, characterized in that the receiver assembly comprises one single receiver unit with a plurality of apertures. 49. A solar energy plant of the kind comprising a Fresnel reflector consisting of a plurality of concentrating mirrors installed on a base plane and having a focal point above said base plane removed from the Fresnel reflector by a focal length, at least one solar receiver placed close to said base plane and an additional reflector mounted on a tower close to said focal point whereby concentrated solar radiation reflected by the Fresnel reflector is redirected onto said at least one solar receiver, characterized in that the plant comprises means for monitoring a displacement of said additional reflector, which monitoring means may be in the form of laser scanning device or TV imaging system, and means for dynamic adjustment of the heliostats so as to track the displacement of the reflector whereby any impairment of the performance of the plant in consequence of reflector displacement is avoided. 50. A solar energy plant according to claim 49, characterized in that said monitoring means is a laser scanning device. 51. A solar energy plant according to claim 48, characterized in that said monitoring means is a TV imaging system. 52. A solar energy plant for conversion of solar radiation into heat, comprising: a Fresnel reflector including a plurality of radiation concentrating mirrors installed on a base plane and having a focal point above said base plane removed from the Fresnel reflector by a focal length; at least one solar receiver placed close to said base plane; and an additional reflector mounted above said Fresnel reflector close to said focal point so that concentrated solar radiation reflected by the Fresnel reflector is redirected onto said at least one solar receiver; wherein said at least one solar receiver is in the form of a heat storage system and said additional reflector comprises a dielectric mirror, whereby an overheating of the additional reflector is avoided. 