A system for drying fruits, spices, vegetables and the like comprises a heating compartment having an inlet for introducing a flow of drying gas and heating arrangement for elevating the temperature of the drying gas. A drying compartment is connected to and in communication with the heating compartment for holding the material to be dried. A driving arrangement is disposed in the heating compartment for directing heated drying gas through the heating compartment and into drying relationship with the material to be dried in the drying compartment. An exhaust arrangement is provided in the drying compartment for withdrawing a portion of the spent drying gas and recirculating another portion of the spent drying gas back onto the drying compartment.
Claims I claim: 1. A drying system comprising: a heating compartment having an inlet for introducing a flow of drying gas; heating means located in said heating compartment for elevating the temperature of said drying gas; a drying compartment connected to and in communication with said heating compartment for holding material to be dried; wherein said heating compartment and said drying compartment are removably attached to each other; driving means disposed in said heating compartment for directing said heated drying gas through said heating compartment into said drying compartment and into drying relationship with the material to be dried in said drying compartment; and exhaust means in said drying compartment for withdrawing a portion of spent drying gas from and recirculating another portion of spent drying gas into said drying compartment. 2. The drying system of claim 1, wherein said drying compartment includes a hinged door arrangement for accessing the interior thereof. 3. A drying system comprising: a heating compartment having an inlet for introducing a flow of drying gas; heating means located in said heating compartment for elevating the temperature of said drying gas; a drying compartment connected to and in communication with said heating compartment for holding material to be dried, wherein said drying compartment is provided with a series of recirculating vents; driving means disposed in said heating compartment for directing said heated drying gas through said heating compartment into said drying compartment and into drying relationship with the material to be dried in said drying compartment; and exhaust means in said drying compartment for withdrawing a portion of spent drying gas from and recirculating another portion of spent drying gas into said drying compartment. 4. A drying system comprising: a heating compartment having an inlet for introducing a flow of drying gas; heating means located in said heating compartment for elevating the temperature of said drying gas, including a collector means cooperable with said heating means to transfer heat energy to said drying gas, wherein said collector means defines a narrowing passageway in said heating compartment through which said drying gas flows; a drying compartment connected to and in communication with said heating compartment for holding material to be dried; driving means disposed in said heating compartment for directing said heated drying gas through said heating compartment into said drying compartment and into drying relationship with the material to be dried in said drying compartment; and exhaust means in said drying compartment for withdrawing a portion of spent drying gas from and recirculating another portion of spent drying gas into said drying compartment. 5. A drying system comprising: a drying compartment for holding material to be dried; a heating compartment connected to and in communication with said drying compartment; said heating compartment including an inlet for introducing a flow of drying gas, an area of transparent material for transmitting solar radiation and the energy associated therewith into said system, a collector means for absorbing solar energy transmitted through said transparent material and an outlet for allowing exit of said drying gas; said collector means forming a heating chamber having a volume progressively increasing in a direction from said inlet to said outlet; heating means in said heating compartment for transferring heat energy to said collector means; driving means disposed in said heating compartment for directing said drying gas over said collector means and into drying relationship with said material to be dried in said drying compartment whereby the heat energy supplied by said heating means is selectively combined with the collected solar energy from said collector means; and exhaust means in said drying compartment for withdrawing a portion of spent drying gas from and recirculating another portion of spent drying gas into said drying compartment. 6. The drying system of claim 5, wherein said heating chamber is provided with exhaust means enabling gas contained within said heating chamber to exit from said heating chamber into the atmosphere. 7. The drying system of claim 5, wherein said collector means further defines an inclined surface extending from said inlet to said outlet over which said drying gas is directed. 8. The drying system of claim 5, wherein said heating compartment has a top surface defined by said transparent material, said transparent material comprising a series of removable glass panels. 9. The drying system of claim 5, wherein said drying compartment has a front wall provided with an observation window for monitoring the drying of material therein. 10. The drying system of claim 5, wherein said drying compartment is disposed substantially orthogonal to said heating compartment. 11. A drying system comprising: a heating compartment having an inlet for introducing a flow of drying air, an outlet for allowing exit of said drying air, and a flow path extending between said inlet and said outlet; a transparent top surface for transmitting solar radiation and the energy associated therewith a plate for collecting the solar energy from said top surface; and a supplementary heating source isolated from said flow path for heating said plate independent of solar energy; a drying compartment for holding material to be dried having an inlet in communication with said outlet of said heating compartment, and an exhaust outlet for withdrawing drying air from said drying compartment; and driving means for moving said drying air through said heating compartment into said drying compartment and into drying relationship with the material to be dried. 12. The drying system of claim 11, wherein said supplementary heating source comprises an auxiliary heating chamber associated with said heating compartment and defined at least in part by said plate. 