An electronic timing device has a transparent liquid crystal display for use on an overhead projector, for projecting a large image of the LCD numerals on a screen or wall of a classroom, for timing of tests or other activities. The timer has a plastic casing, various function keys, a solar cell and/or battery, other internal electronics and a transparent liquid crystal display. Foldable legs of the timer, when open, maintain the timer a set distance above the light stage of the projector so as to prevent the LCD from overheating. One of the foldable legs, in the closed position, serves as protection and as a reflective backing for the LCD, so that the timer can function as a desk top LCD clock in the closed position. The timing device can function as a clock or timer in various modes.
Claims I claim: 1. A projectable timing device for use on an overhead projector, comprising: a casing, clock timing means in the casing for clocking progression of time for a selected interval, clock set means on the casing for enabling a user to select and set a desired interval of time on the clock timing means, with activation means on the casing for enabling the user to start the time interval, a liquid crystal display in the casing, connected to the clock timing means so as to display the setting of the desired interval of time as well as the progression of time over the selected interval, the liquid crystal display being transparent through the casing so as to be projectable with an overhead projector when the casing is positioned over a light stage of the overhead projector, and the casing including elevating means for supporting the casing at an elevated position above the light stage of the overhead projector, staged sufficiently above the light stage to allow air to circulate between the liquid crystal display and the light stage to the extent that the display is cooled and prevented from overheating from the heat of the light stage, the elevating means comprising a plurality of foldable legs connected to the casing such that the legs may be stored flat against a back side of the casing or opened to form leg supports, whereby the start, progression and end of a timing interval may be displayed to a classroom for group. 2. The timing device of claim 1, wherein the foldable legs include one leg in the form of a panel hingedly connected at the back of the casing in a position to cover the back of the liquid crystal display when folded against the casing. 3. The timing device of claim 2, wherein the foldable leg panel has a reflective surface facing toward the liquid crystal display in position to provide a reflective backing behind the display, whereby the device can be used as a non-projected timing device viewable from the front of the display. 4. The timing device of claim 3, wherein the clock timing means includes chronometer means for displaying time of day on the liquid crystal display and clock select means enabling a user to select a chronometer function wherein time of day is displayed, whereby the device can be used as a desk clock. 5. The timing device of claim 3, further including desk stand means on the casing having a storage position and a deployed position, for supporting the timing device in a generally standing-up position on a horizontal surface when in said deployed position. 6. A projectable timing device for use on an overhead projector, comprising: a casing, clock timing means in the casing for clocking progression of time for a selected interval, clock set means on the casing for enabling a user to select and set a desired interval of time on the clock timing means, with activation means on the casing for enabling the user to start the time interval, a liquid crystal display in the casing, connected to the clock timing means so as to display the setting of the desired interval of time as well as the progression of time over the selected interval, the liquid crystal display being transparent through the casing so as to be projectable with an overhead projector when the casing is positioned over a light stage of the overhead projector, and desk stand means on the casing having a storage position and a deployed position, for supporting the timing device in a generally standing-up position on a horizontal surface when in said deployed position, whereby the timing device can serve as a desk top timer when not used on an overhead projector, whereby the start, progression and end of a timing interval may be displayed to a classroom or group. 7. The timing device of claim 6, wherein the clock timing means includes chronometer means for displaying time of day on the liquid crystal display and clock select means enabling a user to select a chronometer function wherein time of day is displayed, whereby the device can be used as a desk clock. 8. The timing device of claim 7, further including LCD backing means for selectively placing a reflective backing behind the liquid crystal display, for enhancing the display when used as a desk clock. 9. The timing device of claim 8, wherein the LCD backing means comprises a panel mounted pivotally on the back of the casing. 10. A projectable timing device for use on an overhead projector, comprising: a casing, clock timing means in the casing for clocking progression of time for a selected interval, clock set means on the casing for enabling a user to select and set a desired interval of time on the clock timing means, with activation means on the casing for enabling the user to start the time interval, a liquid crystal display in the casing, connected to the clock timing means so as to display the setting of the desired interval of time as well as the progression of time over the selected interval, the liquid crystal display being transparent through the casing so as to be projectable with an overhead projector when the casing is positioned over a light stage of the overhead projector, and signal means associated with the clock timing means, for activating an alarm signal means at the end of the timing interval, the alarm signal means comprising a visual alarm signal, whereby the start, progression and end of a timing interval may be displayed to a classroom or group. 11. The timing device of claim 10, wherein the visual alarm signal comprises a flashing strobe light. 12. A projectable timing device or use on an overhead projector, comprising: a casing, clock timing means in the casing for clocking progression of time for a selected interval, clock set means on the casing for enabling a user to select and set a desired interval of time on the clock timing means, with activation means on the casing for enabling the user to start the time interval, a liquid crystal display in the casing, connected to the clock timing means so as to display the setting of the desired interval of time as well as the progression of time over the selected interval, the liquid crystal display being transparent through the casing so as to be projectable with an overhead projector when the casing is positioned over a light stage of the overhead projector, and shock resistant support means securing the liquid crystal display to the casing comprising a resilient mounting gasket around the edges of the liquid crystal display, the casing including front and back panels with an opening for the display, the front and back panels being assembled together to engage the mounting gasket between them so as to retain the liquid crystal display in place in the casing, whereby the start, progression and end of a timing interval may be displayed to a classroom or group. 13. The timing device of claim 12, wherein the front and back panels each include a groove on their inside surfaces, positioned around the opening for the display so as to engage the mounting gasket in the groove on assembly of the front and back panels together. 14. A projectable timing device for use on an overhead projector, comprising: a casing, clock timing means in the casing for clocking progression of time for a selected interval, clock set means on the casing for enabling a user to select and set a desired interval of time on the clock timing means, with activation means on the casing for enabling the user to start the time interval, a liquid crystal display in the casing, connected to the clock timing means so as to display the setting of the desired interval of time as well as the progression of time over the selected interval, the liquid crystal display being transparent through the casing so as to be projectable with an overhead projector when the casing positioned over a light stage of the overhead projector, and solar panel means on the casing for powering the clock timing means and the liquid crystal display, the solar panel means being located on the back side of the casing, exposed to the light stage when used on an overhead projector, whereby the start, progression and end of a timing interval may be displayed to a classroom or group. 