A personal digital assistant module with a local CPU, memory, and I/O interface has a host interface comprising a bus connected to the local CPU and a connector at a surface of the personal digital assistant for interfacing to a bus connector of a host general-purpose computer, providing direct bus communication between the personal digital assistant and the host general-purpose computer. In an embodiment, the personal digital assistant also stores a security code. The personal digital assistant according to the invention forms a host/satellite combination with a host computer having a docking bay, wherein upon docking a docking protocol controls access by the host to memory of the personal digital assistant based on one or more passwords provided by a user to the host. In another embodiment the personal digital assistant also has an expansion port connected to the local CPU, and expansion peripheral devices may be connected and operated through the expansion port. In yet another embodiment, a full-sized re-geometrically reconfigurable keyboard is provided with cordless communication to the personal digital assistant.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A digital assistant system comprising: an enclosure; a CPU within the enclosure; a memory coupled to the CPU; a video display coupled to and operable by the CPU, implemented on a surface of the enclosure; and a keyboard separate from the enclosure; wherein the keyboard comprises: a first keyboard portion having a first group of keys electrically connected to a first portion of an electrical connector; a second keyboard portion having a second group of keys electrically connected to a second portion of the electrical connector; a controller electrically connected for monitoring keystrokes and managing operations of the keyboard; a magnetic field generator in the second keyboard portion connected to the controller for generating a variable magnetic field; and a power supply in the second keyboard portion connected for supplying electrical power to power-using elements of the keyboard; wherein the first and second keyboard portions joined by the electrical connector form a contiguous keyboard, and wherein the power supply, controller, keys, and magnetic field generator are electrically interconnected with the controller, and the controller is adapted to drive the magnetic field generator to code keystrokes as variations in the variable magnetic field generated by the magnetic field generator. 2. A digital assistant system as in claim 1 additionally comprising an expansion bus interface comprising an expansion bus connected to the CPU and to a first portion of an expansion bus connector implemented on a surface of the enclosure. 3. A digital assistant system as in claim 1 additionally comprising a nonvolatile storage device connected to the CPU and containing a code unique to the digital assistant system, for uniquely identifying the digital assistant system to connecting digital devices. 4. A digital assistant system as in claim 3 wherein the nonvolatile storage device is an EEPROM device. 5. A digital assistant system as in claim 1 further comprising a user-accessible well having electrical connections for a storage battery for powering functional elements of the digital assistant system. 6. A digital assistant system as in claim 1 further comprising a solar energy conversion panel having electrical connections for attaching to and recharging a storage battery. 7. A digital assistant system as in claim 1 wherein the video display comprises an LCD display. 8. A digital assistant system as in claim 1 further comprising a pointer device for providing positional and directional input for control operations performed in conjunction with the video display. 9. A digital assistant system as in claim 1 further comprising a host interface bus coupled to the CPU and to a first portion of a host interface connector at a surface of the enclosure, the host interface bus providing address lines, data lines, and control signal lines, control signals on the control signal lines including read/write and at least one memory control signal, but no interrupt request (IRQ) signal or IRQ signal line. 