This invention relates to a method of using an apparatus is provided for the accelerated bioremediation of treated contaminated material. The material is treated with chemical and/or biological amendments for facilitating accelerated bioremediation thereof. The apparatus comprises a system for for generating a treated contaminated material entraining air stream at a predetermined velocity for entraining the treated contaminate material therein for microenfractionating the treated contaminated material. In this way, accelerated bioremediation is facilitated. In another form of the invention, a method of accelerated bioremediation of treated contaminated material is provided. This method comprises the steps of (a) treating the treated contaminated material with chemical and/or biological amendments for facilitating accelerated bioremediation thereof, (b) providing an entraining air stream having a sufficient velocity for entraining the treated contaminated material therein, (c) entraining the treated contaminated material in the air stream, (d) microenfractionating the treated contaminated material, and (e) discharging the microenfractionated treated contaminated material from the air stream. In this way, the treated contaminated material can be acceleratedly bioremediated.
Claims We claim: 1. A method of using an apparatus in the accelerated bioremediation of a hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material which has been combined with chemical and/or biological amendments to form a treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material, the method comprising the steps of generating an air stream at a velocity sufficient for entraining the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material therein, entraining the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material in said air stream, and microenfractionating the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material under conditions sufficient to form a microenfractionated treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material thereby facilitating subsequent accelerated bioremediation under conditions sufficient for conducting said accelerated bioremediation. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material comprises a hydrocarbon-containing material selected from a group consisting of a polycyclic and chlorinated polycyclic, an aromatic and chloroaromatic compound, a heterocyclic and chlorinated heterocyclic compound, and an aliphatic and a chloroaliphatic compound. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the hydrocarbon-containing material selected from a group consisting of phenol, cresol, pentachlorophenol, phenanthrene and naphthalene. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the accelerated bioremediation is conducted aerobically or methanogenically. 5. The method of claim 1, which further includes the step of, after microenfractionating the treated contaminated material to form a microenfractionated treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material, locating a cover over the microenfractionated treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material, the cover allowing substantial solar radiation to pass therethrough and into the microenfractionated treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material, thereby facilitating the accelerated bioremediation and preventing moisture from soaking the microenfractionated treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein a treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material entraining air stream is generated by the apparatus which comprises an elongate drum having a longitudinal axis, first and second end portions, and a center portion, the drum being rotatable about its longitudinal axis at a rotational speed, and means extending outwardly from the drum for generating the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material entraining air stream. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material entraining air stream comprises a plurality of air currents, and wherein the means extending outwardly comprises an air current generating means comprising a plurality of paddles extending outwardly from a cylindrical outer surface of the drum. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein each paddle comprises a base portion connected to the drum, and a blade portion, each blade portion having a major surface oriented for generating at least one air current having a sufficient velocity for entraining and transporting the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material upwardly of the rotating drum when a drum is rotated at a rotational velocity. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the treated contaminated material entraining air stream comprises a plurality of intersecting air currents, each of the intersecting air currents having a sufficient velocity for entraining and transporting a portion of the treated contaminated material upwardly of the apparatus. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the apparatus used for generating a plurality of intersecting air currents is provided which comprises: a plurality of end paddles extending radially outwardly from first and second end portions of a drum, each of the end paddle comprising a base portion connected to the drum and a blade portion, the blade portion having a major surface oriented relative to the drum for generating an air current directed upwardly of the drum and transversely toward the center portion of the drum when the drum is rotated at a rotational speed; a plurality of center paddles extending radially outwardly from the center portion of the cylindrical outer surface, each of the center paddle comprising a base portion connected to the drum, and a blade portion having first and second major surfaces, the first and second major surfaces oriented relative to the drum for generating an air current directed upwardly and rearwardly of, and transversely toward the first and second end portions of the drum respectively when the drum is rotated at the rotational speed; and the air currents generated by the end and center paddles intersecting and combining to form the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material entraining air stream for microenfractionating and homogenizing and aerating the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the treated contaminated material entraining air stream comprises a vortex-type air stream which transports the entrained treated contaminated material in a generally circular path. 12. The method of claim 10, wherein the end and center paddles extend radially outwardly from the drum and are arranged in a plurality of helical longitudinal rows. 13. The method of claim 7, wherein the drum further comprises first and second transition portions disposed between the center portion and the first and second end portions respectively, the first and second transition portions of the drums having a plurality of end paddles and a plurality of center paddles extending radially outwardly therefrom. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein at least about 70% of a total amount of hydrocarbon material in the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material is remediated within 120 days of treating the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material with the chemical and/or biological amendments. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the micro-enfractionating step further comprises homogenizing and aerating the treated contaminated material. 16. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of microenfractionating the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated non-microenfractionated material increases the surface area of said treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated non-microenfractionated material, as compared to the surface area of the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated non-microenfractionated material, by a factor of at least about 1.times.10.sup.6. 17. The method of claim 1, which further includes the step of discharging the microenfractionated treated contaminated material from the air stream and redistributing it throughout a soil matrix thereby substantially increasing the surface area of the microenfractionated treated contaminated material. 18. The method of claim 17, which further includes the step of dispersing further chemical and/or biological amendments throughout the redistributed microenfractionated treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material. 19. The method of claim 1, wherein the chemical and/or biological amendments are organic materials. 20. The method of claim 1, which further includes the step of locating an impervious undercover below the treated contaminated material prior to the microenfractionating step thereby preventing the chemical and/or biological amendments from leaching into soil underlying the treated contaminated material. 21. The method of claim 1, wherein said treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material entraining air stream is conducted in an air stream containing chamber which comprises a front wall, an opposed side wall, and an air inlet opening formed in said front wall, or in one or more of said opposed side walls. 22. The method of claim 1, wherein said treated contaminated material entraining air stream is conducted in an air stream containing chamber which comprises a front wall and an air inlet opening formed in said front wall. 23. The method of claim 7, wherein said paddles extending radially outwardly from said drum are arranged in a plurality of V-shaped longitudinally-extending rows. 24. The method of claim 7, wherein first and second drum end portions are journaled in respective frame sides, said first and second end portions adapted for resisting a force acting to spread said opposing frame sides. 25. The method of claim 7, wherein said drum includes a first and second end portion each including a thrust bearing mounted outboard of a respective opposing frame side, and each thrust bearing adapted for rotatably bearing on an outboard surface of its respective opposing frame side to resist a force acting to spread the opposing frame sides. 26. The method of claim 7, wherein said paddle on a rotatable drum comprises: a body having a first planar portion having a leading edge; and having a second planar portion connected at a first angle to the first paddle portion, the second planar portion oriented so as to engage contaminated material with a planar surface when the rotatable drum is rotated; and mounting means connected to the body for mounting the paddle onto said elongate drum. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein said paddles further comprise a third planar portion connected at a second angle to the first paddle portion, the third planar portion adapted for engaging contaminated material with a planar surface when the rotatable drum is rotated. 28. The method of claim 7, wherein said paddles comprise mounting means including a base portion having first hole for receiving a paddle attachment bolt and a having a second hole for receiving a shear pin. 29. In a method of accelerated bioremediation for treating hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material, wherein said hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material is treated with chemical and/or biological amendments, the improvement which comprises: a. providing said treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material; b. providing an entraining air stream having a sufficient velocity for entraining the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material therein; c. entraining the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material in the air stream; d. microenfractionating the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material; and e. discharging the microenfractionated treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material from the air stream for acceleratedly bioremediating the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material under conditions sufficient for conducting said accelerated bioremediation. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein the step of providing an entraining air stream comprises providing an entraining air stream including a plurality of upwardly and transversely flowing, intersecting air currents. 31. The method of claim 29, wherein the entraining air stream comprises a vortex-like entraining air stream. 32. The method of claim 29, wherein the step of providing an entraining air stream includes the step of rotating a drum assembly at a rotational speed sufficient for generating the entraining air stream, the drum assembly including means for generating a plurality of intersecting air currents when rotated. 33. The method of claim 29, wherein the accelerated bioremediation purges CO.sub.2 from, and aerates the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material. 34. The method of claim 29, wherein the volume of treated contaminated material which is acceleratedly bioremediately treated is at least about 1500 cubic yards per day per apparatus. 35. The method of claim 29, which further includes the step of adding wood particles to the treated contaminated material prior to the microenfractionating step. 36. The method of claim 29, wherein the microenfractionating step comprises homogenizing and aerating the treated contaminated material. 37. The method of claim 29, which includes the step of microenfactionating treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated non-microenfractionated material thereby increasing the surface area of said treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated non-microenfractionated material, as compared to the surface area of the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated non-microenfractionated material, by a factor of at least about 1.times.10.sup.6. 38. The method of claim 29, wherein the average ambient temperature during the accelerated bioremediation of the treated contaminated material is not more than about 10 degrees C. 39. The method of claim 29, which further includes the step of redistributing the microenfractionated treated contaminated material from the air stream throughout a soil matrix thereby substantially increasing the surface area of the microenfractionated treated contaminated material. 40. The method of claim 37, which further includes the step of further dispersing the chemical and/or biological amendments throughout the redistributed microenfractionated treated contaminated material. 41. The method of claim 29, wherein the chemical and/or biological amendments are organic materials. 42. The method of claim 29, which further includes the step of, after microenfractionating the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material to form a microenfractionated treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material, locating a cover over the microenfractionated treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material, the cover including means for allowing substantial solar radiation to pass therethrough and into the microenfractionated treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material and means for preventing moisture from passing therethrough, thereby facilitating the accelerated bioremediation while preventing moisture from soaking through the cover and passing into the micro-enfractionated treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material. 43. The method of claim 35, wherein the amount of wood particles added to the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material prior to the microenfractionating step is up to about 20% by volume, based on the total volume of the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material. 44. In a method of accelerated bioremediation for treating hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material, wherein said hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material is treated with chemical and/or biological amendments, the improvement with comprises: a. providing said treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material; b. providing an entraining air stream having a sufficient velocity for entraining the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material therein; c. entraining the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material in the air stream; d. microenfractionating the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material employing a microenfractionating apparatus; and e. discharging the microenfractionated treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material from the air stream for acceleratedly bioremediating the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material under conditions sufficient for conducting said accelerated bioremediation, at least about 70% of a total amount of hydrocarbon material in the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material being remediated within 120 days of microenfractionating the treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material, the volume of treated hydrocarbon-containing contaminated material which is acceleratedly bioremediately treated is at least about 1500 cubic yards per day per microenfractionating apparatus. 