An open door warning system for a vehicle includes an open door detector mounted on the vehicle, which detects when the door is left open, and a light module mounted on a side of the vehicle and operatively coupled to the detector. The light module is preferably aligned with a driver side rear view mirror so that the driver can view the light module through the rear view mirror. The light module includes a light source which is driven by the detector to generate a flashing warning light when the door is left open. This warning light can be seen by the driver through the rear view mirror and thereby be warned of the open door situation. The detector includes a magnetically actuated switch controlled by a magnet attached to a top edge of the door. The switch is mounted on the vehicle to be juxtaposed to the magnet when the door is closed. The switch is coupled to a power module which includes a light driver circuit, a rechargeable battery pack, and a solar cell to keep the battery pack charged. The light driver circuit is coupled to the light module to transmit a warning signal thereto, which in turn causes the light module to flash.
Claims I claim all modifications and variation coming within the spirit and scope of the following claims: 1. A warning device for a vehicle having a cab portion and a trailer portion with a door mounted thereon, the warning device comprising: an open door detector mountable proximate to the door that generates an open door signal responsive to the door being opened, the open door detector including: a sensor mountable on the trailer portion; an actuator mountable on the door; and a power supply coupled to the sensor, the power supply including a power module and a solar cell mountable on a roof of the trailer portion and being coupled to the power module for supplying current thereto; and a light module mountable on a side of the trailer portion and operatively coupled to the open door detector to receive the open door signal, the light module emitting a warning light responsive to the open door signal, the warning light directed toward the cab portion so that the warning light is visible to a driver of the vehicle. 2. A warning device for a vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the sensor includes a magnetically actuated switch. 3. A warning device for a vehicle according to claim 2 wherein the actuator includes a magnet. 4. A warning device for a vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the actuator is mountable on a top edge of the door juxtaposed to the sensor when the door is closed. 5. A warning device for a vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the power module includes: a charging circuit coupled to the solar cell; and a rechargeable battery coupled to the charging circuit. 6. A warning device for a vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the light module includes: a light emitting diode mountable on the trailer portion; and a sleeve encasing the diode. 7. A warning device for a vehicle according to claim 6 wherein the light emitting diode includes a gallium arsenide light emitting diode. 8. A vehicle comprising: a cab portion having a driver side for receiving a driver and having a passenger side; a trailer portion having a driver side, a passenger side, a roof, and a rear door mounted on the trailer portion; an open door detector mounted proximate to the door that generates an open door signal responsive to the door being opened, the open door detector including: a sensor mountable on the trailer portion; an actuator mountable on the door; and a power supply coupled to the sensor, the power supply including a power module and a solar cell mountable on a roof of the trailer portion and being coupled to the power module for supplying current thereto; and a light mounted on one side of the trailer portion and operatively coupled to the open door detector to receive the open door signal, the light emitting a warning light responsive to the open door signal, the warning light being visible to the driver of the vehicle to warn the driver of the open door. 9. A vehicle according to claim 8 wherein the cab portion includes a rearview mirror mounted on the driver side, and wherein the light is mounted on the driver side of the trailer portion so that the light is horizontally aligned with the rearview mirror. 10. A vehicle according to claim 8, wherein the light is a light emitting diode. 11. A vehicle according to claim 8 wherein the light generates a flashing warning light responsive to the open door signal. 12. A method of warning a vehicle driver of a rear door being open, the method comprising: mounting an actuator on the door; mounting a sensor on the vehicle proximate to the door, the sensor being actuated responsive to the actuator when the door is in a closed position; coupling the sensor to a power module, the power module generating a warning signal responsive to actuation of the sensor; coupling a solar cell to the power module for supplying current thereto: generating a warning signal responsive to actuation of the sensor; and generating a warning light on a side of the vehicle responsive to the warning signal, the warning light being visible by the driver to warn the driver of the open door. 13. A method of warning a vehicle driver of a rear door being open according to claim 12, wherein the step of generating a warning light on a side of the vehicle includes: mounting a light source on the side of the vehicle; coupling the light source to the power module to receive the warning signal therefrom; and generating the warning light responsive to the warning signal. 14. A method of warning a vehicle driver of a rear door being open according to claim 13 wherein the step of mounting a light source on the side of the vehicle includes aligning the light source with a vehicle rearview mirror. 15. A method of warning a vehicle driver of a rear door being open according to claim 12, wherein the step of generating a warning light on a side of the vehicle responsive to the detected open door includes generating a flashing warning light on the side of the vehicle. 16. A method of warning a vehicle driver of a rear door being open according to claim 12 wherein the step of generating a warning light on a side of the vehicle responsive to the detected open door includes generating a red warning light on the side of the vehicle. 