A charging method of and a charging apparatus for charging a nonaqueous electrolytic battery such as a lithium primary battery including a positive pole active material, negative pole active material of a lightweight metal and nonaqueous electrolyte. The charging is carried out at a predetermined electric current per time of 2 .mu.C-5 mC only when the residue capacity of the nonaqueous electrolytic battery is in a range of 5-95%.
Claims I claim: 1. A method of charging a nonaqueous electrolytic battery comprising positive pole active material composed of manganese dioxide, negative pole active material composed of one of lithium and a lithium alloy, and nonaqueous electrolyte, wherein the charging is carried out at a predetermined electric current per time of 2 .mu.C-5 mC only when a residue of the positive pole active material is in a range of 5-95% to an entire capacity C of the positive pole active material. 2. A method of charging a nonaqueous electrolytic battery according to claim 1, wherein an average particle size of the positive pole active material is in a range of 0.03-50 .mu.m. 3. A method of charging a nonaqueous electrolytic battery according to claim 1, wherein a surface area of the positive pole active material is in a range of 1-100 m.sup.2 /g. 4. A method of charging a nonaqueous electrolytic battery according to claim 2, wherein the manganese black is one of electrolyzed and chemically composed, and heated at a temperature of 300.degree.-60.degree. C. for 1-48 hours. 5. A method of charging a nonaqueous electrolytic battery according to claim 2, wherein the lithium alloy is provided to include aluminum. 6. An apparatus for charging a nonaqueous electrolytic battery having a positive pole active material, negative pole actlye material of a metal and nonaqueous electrolyte, said apparatus comprising: a charging power source; charging means for charging said nonaqueous electrolytic battery by electric power from said charging power source at a predetermined electric current per time of 2 .mu.C-5 mC; residue monitor means for observing a residue of the positive pole active material in said nonaqueous electrolytic battery; and charging determination means for permitting or prohibiting to charge said nonaqueous electrolytic battery by said charging means upon whether the residue observed by said residue monitor means is in a range of 5-95% to an entire capacity of the positive pole actlye material. 7. An apparatus for charging a nonaqueous electrolytic battery according to claim 6, wherein said charging power source consists of a solar battery converting light energy to electric energy and a capacitor storing the electric power generated by the solar battery. 8. An apparatus for charging a nonaqueous electrolytic battery according to claim 7, wherein said charging means includes electric power monitor means for observing electric power stored in the capacitor and electric power transmitting means for transmitting electric power at said predetermined electric current per time of 2 .mu.C-5 mC from the capacitor to said nonaqueous electrolytic battery when the electric charge stored in the capacitor reaches at a predetermined level. 9. An apparatus for charging a nonaqueous electrolytic battery according to claim 8, wherein the residue monitor means includes charging amount measuring means for measuring charging degree into said nonaqueous electrolytic battery by counting transmitting time of the electric power from the capacitor to said nonaqueous electrolytic battery by the electric power transmitting means and discharging amount measuring means for measuring discharging degree from said nonaqueous electrolytic battery by counting discharging time from said nonaqueous electrolytic battery to a load at one of respective electric power consumption modes. 10. An apparatus for charging a nonaqueous electrolytic battery according to claim 9, wherein the load is an electric power consuming section of a camera. 11. An apparatus for charging a nonaqueous electrolytic battery according to claim 8, wherein the residue monitor means includes charging amount measuring means for measuring charging degree into said nonaqueous electrolytic battery based on a counting number of electrical power transmission from the capacitor to said nonaqueous electrolytic battery by the electric power transmitting means and discharging amount measuring means for measuring discharging degree from said nonaqueous electrolytic battery by confirming discharging time from the nonaqueous electrolytic battery to a load which consumes certain electric power per time. 12. A method of charging a nonaqueous electrolytic battery comprising a positive pole active material composed of manganese dioxide and negative pole active material composed of one of a lithium and a lithium alloy, wherein the residue of said lithium manganese battery is detected, and said lithium manganese battery is charged at such a predetermined micro-electric current that a dendrite does not grow at a negative pole when the detected residue of said lithium manganese battery is in a predetermined range between a predetermined lowest level in which said manganese dioxide does not deteriorate due to over-discharging and a predetermined highest level in which liberated lithium ion decreases due to overcharging and said nonaqueous electrolyte does not deteriorate. 13. An apparatus for charging a nonaqueous electrolytic battery connected to a camera which consumes electricity at every photographing, comprising: a solar battery for converting light energy into electric energy; a condenser for storing the electric energy obtained by said solar battery; electric power transmitting means for transmitting the electric energy stored in said condenser to said nonaqueous electrolytic battery; and control means detecting a quantity of the electric energy stored in said condenser to activate said electric power transmitting means every time said quantity reaches a predetermined level, and then stopping said electric power transmitting means, whereby charging said nonaqueous electrolytic battery intermittently. 14. The apparatus for charging the nonaqueous electrolytic battery according to claim 13, wherein said control means has residue monitor means for activating said electric power transmitting means when the residue of said nonaqueous electrolytic battery is in a predetermined range in which overcharging and over-discharging do not occur. 15. The apparatus for charging the nonaqueous electrolytic battery according to claim 14, wherein warning means is provided, and said control means makes said warning means give warning when the overcharging is detected by said residue monitor means. 