A satellite stabilization system compensates for the destabilizing torque introduced by solar radiation pressure by the emplacement of tabs of material angled relative to the back surfaces of the antenna reflectors to intercept solar rays. The material of the tabs interacts with the solar radiation in substantially the same manner as the interaction of the material on the back surface of each antenna reflector to produce a radiation pressure and consequential increment in a torque about an axis of the satellite. Each of the tabs is constructed in the manner of a plate or disk, and is attached by means of a spring mount to the back surface of one of the reflectors. The reflectors are angled relative to each other, as well as to a body of the satellite which holds feeds for illuminating the reflectors, for directing beams of radiation from the feeds towards the earth. Due to the angulation of the reflectors to each other, the total solar energy incident upon a pair of of the reflectors is generally unequal, this resulting in a net torque from the solar radiation pressure which tends to rotate the satellite. By virtue of the angulation of the tabs relative to the reflectors, an increased amount of solar radiation is received by the reflector which is angled away from the sun's rays, thereby to equalize the torque from both of the reflectors.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A satellite stabilization system for a satellite having a body and two opposed antenna elements disposed symmetrically on opposite sides of a plane of symmetry extending through the body, wherein each of said antenna elements has a first surface for directing radiant signals on a path between the satellite and the earth, each of said antenna elements has a second surface directed away from said first surface and positioned to intercept incident solar radiation during passage of the satellite along a path of travel around the earth, said second surface in each of said antenna elements interacting with the solar radiation to produce a solar radiation pressure along said second surface with a consequential torque about said body, the torque of each of said antenna elements depending on an orientation of said second surface of the antenna element relative to a direction of the incident solar radiation, the stabilization system comprising: a first plate for intercepting solar rays, said first plate being mounted to the second surface of a first of said antenna elements; a second plate for intercepting solar rays, said second plate being mounted to the second surface of a second of said antenna elements; and wherein said first plate and said second plate are oriented symmetrically about said plane of symmetry and angled relative to the second surfaces of the respective antenna elements to reduce a value of said torque. 2. A system according to claim 1 wherein each of said first and said second plates has an area in a range of approximately 15 percent to 45 percent of the area of the second surface of the respective one of said antenna elements. 3. A system according to claim 1 wherein each of said first and said second plates has an inclination in a range of approximately 45 degrees to 90 degrees relative to the second surface of the respective one of said antenna elements. 4. A system according to claim 1 wherein each of said first and said second plates is located more than half way between said body and an outer end of the second surface of the respective one of said antenna elements. 5. A system according to claim 1 wherein each of said antenna elements is a reflector, said body carries two antenna feeds directed towards the first surfaces of respective ones of said antenna elements, each of said first and said second plates has an area in a range of approximately 15 percent to 45 percent of the area of the second surface of the respective one of said antenna elements, each of said first and said second plates has an inclination in a range of approximately 45 degrees to 90 degrees relative to the second surface of the respective one of said antenna elements, and each of said first and said second plates is located more than half way between said body and an outer end of the second surface of the respective one of said antenna elements. 6. A system according to claim 1 further comprising a third plate of radiation absorptive material, said third plate being mounted to the second surface of said first of said antenna elements; a fourth plate of radiation absorptive material, said fourth plate being mounted to the second surface of said second of said antenna elements; and wherein said third plate and said fourth plate are oriented symmetrically about said plane of symmetry and angled relative to the second surfaces of the respective antenna elements to reduce a value of said torque. 7. A system according to claim 6 wherein said third plate is located between said first plate and an outer end of said first antenna element, and said fourth plate is located between said second plate and an outer end of said second antenna element. 8. A system according to claim 1 wherein a mounting of each of said plates to the respective one of said antenna elements is accomplished by a spring mounting allowing movement of a plate between a stowed position and a deployed position. 9. A system according to claim 1 wherein each of said plates comprises a fabric and a frame which encircles the fabric and holds the fabric taut. 10. A system according to claim 9 wherein, in each of said plates, said frame is formed of a flexible material and comprises feet for mounting the plate to one of said antenna elements by a spring mount. 11. A system according to claim 1 wherein each of said plates comprises a material which is absorptive of solar radiation. 12. A system according to claim 1 wherein each of said plates comprises a material which is reflective of solar radiation. 13. A system according to claim 1 wherein each of said plates comprises a material which has characteristics of solar radiation absorption and reflectance approximating characteristics of solar radiation absorption and reflectance of the second surface of one of said antenna elements. 14. A method of stabilizing orientation of a satellite relative to the earth, the satellite having a body and two opposed antenna elements disposed symmetrically on opposite sides of a plane of symmetry extending through the body, wherein each of said antenna elements has a first surface for directing radiant signals on a path between the satellite and the earth, each of said antenna elements has a second surface directed away from said first surface and positioned to intercept incident solar radiation during passage of the satellite along a path of travel around the earth, said second surface in each of said antenna elements interacting with the solar radiation to produce a solar radiation pressure along said second surface with a consequential torque about said body, the torque of each of said antenna elements depending on an orientation of said second surface of the antenna element relative to a direction of the incident solar radiation, the method comprising: mounting a first plate to the second surface of a first of said antenna elements for intercepting solar radiation; mounting a second plate to the second surface of a second of said antenna elements for intercepting solar radiation; and orienting said first plate and said second plate symmetrically about said plane of symmetry and angling said plates relative to the second surfaces of the respective antenna elements to reduce a value of said torque. 