An electrical flasher circuit has improved operating characteristics, in particular by providing continuous illumination for a long period of time from a fully charged solar battery. The circuit employs a solar battery recharging circuit component that achieves full charge in a short period of time. The flasher circuit may be used in roadside warning device having a sign member with a warning image. Placed around the warning image are a plurality of light emitters for providing a visual warning during evening and night hours. The light emitters are powered by a solar energy source connected to a flasher circuit including an oscillator for causing the light emitters to be energized in a particular sequence. When the device is exposed to sunlight, the battery is disconnected to avoid unnecessary draining of the battery.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electrical flasher circuit, comprising: a rechargeable battery; a solar panel coupled to the rechargeable battery; a timer circuit coupled to the rechargeable battery and to the solar panel for producing an output voltage which changes periodically between an on state and an off state and is on during a minor portion of a period of said output voltage; at least one lamp coupled to the timer circuit, and means for causing said at least one lamp to repeatedly flash between a visually perceptible on state and an off state in response to the output voltage; the solar panel providing sufficient power to energize the timer circuit and to recharge the rechargeable battery when at least a predetermined threshold of light acts on the solar panel, and the rechargeable battery alone energizing the timer circuit for at least fifty hours when the rechargeable battery is fully charged in the absence of said light; means including a light dependent resistor coupled to a transistor switch coupled to the timer circuit for permitting the timer to function only when an ambient light level falls below a predetermined threshold and said means preventing astable operation when the ambient light level fluctuates about the predetermined threshold, said light dependent resistor and said transistor switch being continuously energized by said solar panel for continuously monitoring said ambient light level, said means further comprising a reset circuit for disabling said at least one lamp when the light dependent resistor indicates that the ambient light level is below the predetermined threshold. 2. The flasher circuit according to claim 1, wherein said minor portion of a period is between 5% to 20%. 3. The flasher circuit according to claim 1, wherein: the rechargeable battery has a nominal voltage of approximately 2.9 volts and a nominal current rating of approximately 6 ampere hours, the solar panel has a nominal current rating of at least 1 ampere and a nominal voltage of about 15 volts, the timer circuit has a nominal current drain under about 0.5 milliamperes and is operative from a supply voltage in excess of 0.5 volts, said at least one lamp has a nominal voltage of 2.4 volts and having a nominal drive current of 330 milliamperes. 4. The flasher circuit according to claim 1, wherein the solar panel substantially completely recharges the rechargeable battery when light acts on the solar panel for at least 31/2 hours. 5. The flasher circuit according to claim 1, wherein: the timer circuit includes an LM3909 integrated circuit, and an amplifier is provided having an input coupled to an output of the LM3909 integrated circuit and having an output coupled to said lamp for amplifying an output current of the LM3909 integrated circuit in order to provide sufficient current to energize the lamp. 6. An electrical flasher circuit, comprising: a rechargeable battery; a solar panel coupled to the rechargeable battery; a timer circuit coupled to the rechargeable battery and to the solar panel for producing an output voltage which changes periodically between an on state and an off state and is on during a minor portion of a period of said output voltage; at least one lamp coupled to the timer circuit, and means for causing said at least one lamp to repeatedly flash between an on state and an off state in response to the output voltage; the solar panel providing sufficient power to energize the timer circuit and to recharge the rechargeable battery when at least a predetermined threshold of light acts on the solar panel, and the rechargeable battery alone energizing the timer circuit in the absence of said light for at least fifty hours when the rechargeable battery has been fully charged; means including a light-dependent resistor coupled to a transistor switch coupled to the timer for permitting the timer to function only when an ambient light level falls below a predetermined threshold and said means preventing astable operation when the ambient light level fluctuates about the predetermined threshold, said light dependent resistor and said transistor switch being continuously energized by said solar panel for continuously monitoring said ambient light level, said means further comprising a reset circuit for disabling said at least one lamp when the light dependent resistor indicates that the ambient light level is below the predetermined threshold; wherein said period of said timer circuit is sufficiently short such that the rate at which said lamp repeatedly flashes is greater than the critical frequency of fusion. 7. An electrical flasher circuit according to claim 1, further comprising: a housing for accommodating therein said at least one lamp, said housing having a depth substantially no greater than 21 cm and a diameter substantially no greater than 21 cm, said housing also accommodating said rechargeable battery, said solar panel coupled to said rechargeable battery, and said timer circuit, said timer circuit being coupled to said rechargeable battery and to said solar panel for producing an output voltage which changes periodically between an on state and an off state and is on during a minor portion of a period of said voltage. 8. An electrical flasher circuit according to claim 7, wherein said minor portion of said period is between 5% to 20%. 9. An electrical flasher circuit according to claim 7, wherein the solar panel is fixed to an outer surface of the housing. 10. An electrical flasher circuit according to claim 7, wherein the solar panel substantially completely recharges the rechargeable battery when light acts on the solar panel for at least 31/2 hours. 11. An electrical flasher circuit according to claim 7, wherein the timer circuit includes an LM3909 integrated circuit, and further comprising an amplifier having an input coupled to an output of the LM3909 integrated circuit and having an output coupled to said lamp for amplifying an output current thereof in order to provide sufficient current to energize the lamp. 12. An electrical flasher circuit according to claim 6 further comprising: a housing for accommodating therein a lamp, said housing having a depth substantially no greater than 21 cm and a diameter substantially no greater than 21 cm, said housing also accommodating a rechargeable battery, a solar panel coupled to the rechargeable battery, a timer circuit coupled to the rechargeable battery and to the solar panel for producing an output voltage which changes periodically between an on state and an off state and is on during a minor portion of a period of said voltage. 13. An electrical flasher circuit comprising: a rechargeable battery; a solar panel coupled to the rechargeable battery; a timer circuit coupled to the rechargeable battery and to the solar panel for producing an output voltage which changes periodically between an on state and an off state and is on during a minor portion of a period of said output voltage; at least one lamp coupled to the timer circuit, and means for causing said at least one lamp to repeatedly flash between a visually perceptible on state and an off state in response to the output voltage; the solar panel providing sufficient power to energize the timer circuit and to recharge the rechargeable battery when at least a predetermined threshold of light acts on the solar panel, and the rechargeable battery alone energizing the timer circuit for at least a first predetermined time in the absence of said light after the rechargeable battery is fully charged; means including a light dependent resistor coupled to a transistor switch, the transistor switch being coupled to the timer for permitting the timer to function only when an ambient light level falls below a predetermined threshold and said means preventing astable operation when the ambient light level fluctuates about the predetermined threshold, said light dependent resistor and said transistor switch being continuously energized by said solar panel for continuously monitoring said ambient light level, said means further comprising a reset circuit for disabling said at least one lamp when the light dependent resistor indicates that the ambient light level is below the predetermined threshold. 14. An electrical flasher circuit according to claim 13 further comprising: a plurality of LED arrangements coupled to the timer circuit, and means for causing said plurality of LED arrangements to repeatedly flash between a visually perceptible on state and an off state in response to the output voltage, each of the plurality of LED arrangements being sequentially flashed to an on state after another of said plurality of LED arrangements. 15. An electrical flasher circuit, comprising: a rechargeable battery; a solar panel coupled to the rechargeable battery; a timer circuit coupled to the rechargeable battery and to the solar panel for producing, an output voltage which changes periodically between an on state and an off state and is on during a minor portion of a period of said output voltage; at least one lamp coupled to the timer circuit, and means for causing said at least one lamp to repeatedly flash at a visually imperceptible rate in response to the output voltage; the solar panel providing sufficient power to energize the timer circuit and to recharge the rechargeable battery when at least a predetermined threshold of light acts on the solar panel, and the rechargeable battery alone energizing the timer circuit for at least a predetermined time in the absence of said light after the rechargeable battery is fully charged; means including a light dependent resistor coupled to a transistor switch, the transistor switch being coupled to the timer for permitting the timer to function only when an ambient light level falls below a predetermined threshold and said means preventing astable operation when the ambient light level fluctuates about the predetermined threshold, said light dependent resistor and said transistor switch being continuously energized by said solar panel for continuously monitoring said ambient light level, said means further comprising a reset circuit for disabling said at least one lamp when the light dependent resistor indicates that the ambient light level is below the predetermined threshold. 16. A road sign warning device, comprising: a sign member, said sign member having an indicator for indicating a particular condition; a plurality of light emitters placed around the perimeter of the indicator; a means for energizing said light emitters, said means for energizing powering said light emitters sequentially; rechargeable solar energy means for providing power to said means for energizing said light emitters, said solar energy means including a photoelectric panel and a rechargeable battery; a means for determining the ambient light level, said light level determining means including a light dependent resistor and a transistor switch preventing said energizing means from energizing said light emitters when said ambient light level is above a predetermined level and said means preventing astable operation when the ambient light level fluctuates about the predetermined threshold, said light dependent resistor and said transistor switch being continuously energized by said solar panel for continuously monitoring said ambient light level, said means further comprising a reset circuit for disabling said plurality of light emitters when the light dependent resistor indicates that the ambient light level is below the predetermined threshold; and wherein said photoelectric panel is mounted along a top edge of said sign member. 17. A roadsign warning device as in claim 16, wherein said plurality of light emitters are mounted on a sign member, said sign member having a warning image thereon. 18. A roadsign warning device as in claim 17, wherein said warning image has a perimeter and said plurality of light emitters are arranged along said perimeter of said image. 19. A roadsign warning device as in claim 18, wherein said minor portion of said period is between 5% and 20%. 