A mobile radio receiver is provided which can be mounted on a rearview mirror and can properly perform its original functions. The mobile radio receiver includes a case incorporating a radio receiving section, a reception circuit section, a reception display section, and a power supply battery and having an outer shape almost matching with a rearview mirror, mounting members arranged such that the case can be detachably mounted and fixed on the rear surface side of the rearview mirror, a solar panel mounted on the case such that a light-receiving surface of the solar panel is set at a predetermined position on the front side of the case. The radio receiving section is arranged on the front side of the case and designed to receive a radio wave from the front. The mounting members have upper and lower gripping portions for gripping upper and lower end portions of the rearview mirror, and one of the gripping portions respectively serving as upper and lower gripping portion is elastically engaged with the rearview mirror.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mobile radio receiver for attachment to a rear view mirror of a vehicle wherein the rearview mirror has a planar front side having a mirror and a planar reverse side oppositely facing the front side, the receiver comprising: a case incorporating a radio receiving section, a reception circuit section, a reception display section, and a power supply battery and having outer dimensions no greater than outer dimensions of the mirror of the front side of the rearview mirror; mounting members arranged such that said case is detachably mounted and fixed on said rearview mirror such that the outer dimensions do not extend beyond the outer dimensions of the mirror on the front side of the rearview mirror; and a solar panel arranged on said case such that a light-receiving surface of said solar panel is set at a predetermined position on a front side of said case wherein said radio receiving section is arranged on the front side of said case and designed to receive a radio wave from the front side of said case. 2. The receiver according to claim 1 wherein said mounting members have gripping portions for gripping upper and lower end portions of said rearview mirror, and further wherein one of said gripping portions respectively serving as upper and lower gripping portions is elastically engaged with said rearview mirror. 3. The receiver according to claim 1 wherein said case has a recessed portion for preventing said case from interfering with a support hinge of said rearview mirror. 