An address illumination system includes a lamp and a lamp housing arrangement mounted to a base structure having display symbols thereon. The lamp housing directly illuminates the display symbols to provide improved visibility and aesthetic appeal. The lamp housing can be elongated and either spaced from the display symbols by support bars attached to the base or directly mounted to the base. The lamp housing is configured to angle the illumination from the lamp to increase visibility of the display symbols such as a house address during nighttime. The address illumination system also includes control features to provide a flashing lamp to signal emergency vehicles or the like as well as remote control operation, photocell operation and/or operation at predetermined intervals of time. The address illumination system can be mounted to a structure such as a building or mail box. Alternatively, the lamp and lamp housing arrangement can be utilized to illuminate display symbols or house addresses found on existing structures.
Claims We claim: 1. An address illumination system for mounting to an exterior surface of one of a residential and a commercial building to provide a beacon to permit a visitor to locate said one of the residential and the commercial building comprising: a) a base plate having a front face, a rear face, a top edge and a bottom edge, said base plate including openings for flushly mounting said rear face to an exterior surface of one of the residential or the commercial building; b) at least one address indicia having a front and back side, said back side being mounted to said front face of said base plate; c) at least one illumination source connectable to a power source, said illumination source further comprising: i) at least one elongated lamp; ii) an elongated enclosure mounted directly to said front face of said base plate and along the top edge thereof, the elongated enclosure having opposing side walls, each side wall including a curved portion in abutting relationship with the front face, each curved portion supporting a tubular lamp enclosure with said at least one elongated lamp therein, the tubular lamp enclosure including a rectangularly-shaped opening facing said at least one address indicia to permit access to said at least one elongated lamp, said at least one address indicia mounted below said elongated enclosure so that said at least one elongated lamp directly illuminates said at least one address indicia; and d) means for controlling on/off operation of said at least one lamp comprising a photocell for controlling on/off operation of said at least one elongated lamp during daylight hours, means for flashing said at least one elongated lamp, and means for connecting said at least one elongated lamp to said power source. 2. The address illumination system of claim 1 wherein said power source is selected from the group consisting of a solar power source and a battery powered source. 3. The address illuminator system of claim 1 wherein said at least one address indicia comprises a plurality of numbers or letters to represent a structure location. 4. The address illuminator system of claim 1 further comprising a means for controlling on/off operation of said illumination source using a timer. 5. The address illuminator system of claim 1 wherein said at least one address indicia comprises a plurality of numbers made from a material selected from the group consisting of a brass-containing material, an anodized aluminum-containing material, and a plastic material. 6. The address illuminator system of claim 1 wherein said means for flashing is mounted within said enclosure and said photocell is mounted to said enclosure. 7. An address illumination system for mounting to an exterior surface of one of a residential and a commercial building to provide a beacon to permit a visitor to locate said one of the residential and the commercial building comprising: a) a base plate having a front face, a rear face, a top edge and a bottom edge, said base plate including openings for flushly mounting said rear face to an exterior surface of one of the residential or commercial buildings; b) at least one address indicia having a front and back side, said back side being mounted to said front face of said base plate; c) at least one illumination source connectable to a power source, said illumination source further comprising: i) at least one elongated lamp; ii) an elongated enclosure mounted directly to said front face of said base plate and along the top edge thereof, the elongated enclosure having opposing side walls, each side wall including a curved portion in abutting relationship with the front face, each curved portion supporting a tubular lamp enclosure with said at least one elongated lamp therein, the tubular lamp enclosure including a rectangularly-shaped opening facing said at least one address indicia to permit access to said at least one elongated lamp, said at least one address indicia mounted below said elongated enclosure so that said at least one elongated lamp directly illuminates said at least one address indicia; and d) means for controlling on/off operation of said at least one lamp comprising a photocell for controlling on/off operation of said at least one elongated lamp during daylight hours and means for connecting said at least one elongated lamp to said power source. 