A photovoltaic (PV) power system having distributed square wave current DC to AC inverters integral with strings of PV cells in a PV array. The PV array is arranged into four quadrants and phase-shifted and summed AC voltages from each quadrant are further summed in a 12-phase to 3-phase transformer to produce a sinusoidal 3-phase AC voltage with a total harmonic distortion of less than 5 percent.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic (PV) array including embedded power conditioning comprising: a plurality of PV cells arranged in four quadrants of said array; each of said quadrants comprises at least one string of said PV cells for generating a DC voltage; each string of said PV cells comprises inverter means connected to said string DC voltage for converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs; and means coupled to said output of said inverter means for summing said three-phase AC current outputs from each quadrant and forming a three-phase AC high voltage output. 2. The PV array as recited in claim 1 wherein said inverter means comprises a square wave inverter. 3. The PV array as recited in claim 2 wherein said square wave inverter means utilizes inherent current limiting of said PV cells to enable connection to an AC voltage source. 4. The PV array as recited in claim 1 wherein said inverter means generates a square wave current having a dwell time at a zero cross-over point of said AC voltage outputs of 60 electrical degrees. 5. The PV array as recited in claim 1 wherein a voltage output of said summing means is utilized to synchronize said inverter means to the voltage output at said summing means output. 6. The PV array as recited in claim 1 wherein said summing means comprises a twelve-phase to three-phase transformer. 7. The PV array as recited in claim 6 wherein said transformer comprises windings for phase shifting by fifteen electrical degrees said three-phase AC current outputs from each quadrant with respect to said other quadrants. 8. The PV array as recited in claim 6 wherein said twelve-phase to three-phase transformer provides for summing and canceling harmonic currents in square wave currents generated by said inverter means. 9. A power system comprising: a photovoltaic (PV) power source: said photovoltaic power source comprises an array of PV cells arranged in four quadrants of said array; each of said quadrants comprises at least one string of said PV cells for generating a DC voltage; each string of said PV cells comprises inverter means connected to said string DC voltage for converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs; circuit breaker means coupled to each of said three-phase AC current outputs from each inverter means in each quadrant of said PV array for protecting each string of said PV array; and means coupled to said circuit breaker means for summing said three-phase AC current outputs from each quadrant and forming a three-phase AC high voltage output of said power system. 10. The power system as recited in claim 9 wherein a voltage output of said summing means via said circuit breaker means is utilized synchronize said inverter means to the voltage output of said summing means. 11. The power system as recited in claim 9 wherein said inverter means comprises a square wave inverter. 12. The power system as recited in claim 11 wherein said square wave inverter means utilizes inherent current limiting of said PV cells for connection to an AC voltage source. 13. The power system as recited in claim 9 wherein said inverter means generates a square wave current having a dwell time at a zero cross-over point of said AC current outputs of 60 electrical degrees. 14. The power system as recited in claim 9 wherein said circuit breaker means comprises a first breaker means provided for each of said three-phase AC current outputs of each quadrant and a second breaker means connected to a combination of said three-phase AC current outputs of said corresponding quadrant after passing through said first breaker means. 15. The power system as recited in claim 9 wherein said summing means comprises a twelve-phase to three-phase transformer. 16. The power system as recited in claim 15 wherein said transformer comprises windings for phase shifting by fifteen electrical degrees said three-phase AC current outputs from each quadrant with respect to said other quadrants. 17. The power system as recited in claim 15 wherein said twelve-phase to three-phase transformer provides for summing and canceling harmonic currents in square wave currents generated by said inverter means. 18. A method of converting DC power to AC power embedded in a photovoltaic (PV) array comprising the steps of: arranging a plurality of PV cells in four quadrants of said array; providing in each of said quadrants at least one string of said PV cells for generating a DC voltage; converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs with inverter means connected to said string DC voltage in each string of said PV cells; and summing said three-phase AC current outputs from each quadrant and forming a three-phase AC high voltage output with means coupled to said output of said converter means. 19. The method as recited in claim 18 wherein said step of providing summing means further comprises the step of providing a twelve-phase to three-phase transformer. 20. The method as recited in claim 19 wherein said step of providing said transformer comprises the step of providing windings for phase shifting by fifteen electrical degrees said three-phase AC current outputs from each quadrant with respect to said other quadrants. 21. The method as recited in claim 19 wherein said step of providing said twelve-phase to three-phase transformer comprises the step of providing for summing and canceling harmonic currents in square wave currents generated by said inverter means. 22. The method as recited in claim 18 wherein said step of converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs comprises the step of said inverter means generating a square wave having a dwell time at a zero cross-over point of said AC current outputs of 60 electrical degrees. 23. The method as recited in claim 18 wherein said step of converting said DC voltage to said three-phase AC current outputs comprises the step of said inverter means comprising a square wave inverter. 24. A method of providing a power system for generating an AC voltage for introduction to a utility grid comprising the steps of: providing a photovoltaic (PV) power source: arranging in said photovoltaic power source an array of PV cells in four quadrants of said array; providing in each of said quadrants at least one string of said PV cells for generating a DC voltage; converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs with inverter means connected to said string DC voltage in each string of said PV cells; providing circuit breaker means coupled to each of said three-phase AC current outputs from each inverter means in each quadrant of said PV array for protecting each string of said PV array; and summing said three-phase AC current outputs from each quadrant and forming a three-phase AC high voltage output of said power system with means coupled to said circuit breaker means. 25. The method as recited in claim 24 wherein said step of providing summing means further comprises the step of providing a twelve-phase to three-phase transformer. 26. The method as recited in claim 25 wherein said step of providing said transformer comprises the step of providing windings for phase shifting by fifteen electrical degrees said three-phase AC current outputs from each quadrant with respect to said other quadrants. 27. The method as recited in claim 24 wherein said step of converting said DC voltage to said three-phase AC current outputs comprises the step of using inverter means comprising a square wave inverter. 28. The method as recited in claim 24 wherein said step of converting said DC voltage to three-phase AC current outputs comprises the step of said inverter means generating a square wave having a dwell time at a zero cross-over point of said AC current outputs of 60 electrical degrees. 29. The method as recited in claim 24 wherein said step of providing said circuit breaker means further comprises the steps of providing a first breaker means for each of said three-phase AC current outputs of each quadrant and providing a second breaker means connected to a combination of said three-phase AC current outputs of said corresponding quadrant after passing through said first breaker means. 