A water monitoring device including a substantially transparent, buoyant housing which floats in the water. A water temperature transducer provides a voltage proportional to the water's temperature. A processor processes the voltage into a primary digital signal, and a driver drives a digital display according to the primary digital signal. The display is disposed within the housing and displays the temperature such that it can be read through the housing. The display is translucent so that it can be illuminated from its back side. The lower portion of the housing is structured to refract underwater light from outside the housing onto the back of the display. A rechargeable battery powers the device, and a solar panel recharges the battery. The upper portion of the housing is structured to refract light from outside the housing onto the solar panel. A control module controls the rate of recharging of the battery so that the battery's temperature remains within a preferred range.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A water monitoring device comprising: a substantially transparent, buoyant housing having an upper portion and a lower portion; a conditions sensor disposed primarily within said housing, extending partially from said housing, for measuring select physical conditions of said water; a display disposed within said housing for displaying said conditions such that said conditions can be read through said housing; wherein said lower portion of said housing is structured to refract light from outside said housing onto said display; a communicator disposed within said housing for communicating said conditions from said conditions sensor to said display; a rechargeable battery disposed within said housing for powering said device; a solar panel disposed within said housing for recharging said battery; said upper portion of said housing being structured to refract light from outside said housing onto said solar panel; and wherein said device floats in said water with said upper portion substantially above water. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein: said display is digital; said display has a front side and a back side; said conditions are displayed on said front side of said display; said display is translucent such that said display can be illuminated from said back side; said lower portion of said housing includes a lower interior face and a lower exterior face; and said lower interior face is disposed at an angle with respect to said lower exterior face such that light passing from outside said housing through said lower exterior face is refracted as a result of said angle toward said back side of said display. 3. The device of claim 2 wherein: said upper portion of said housing includes a facade and an end; said front side of said display is visible through said facade; said solar panel is disposed near said end; and said end includes facets, said facets being disposed at angles to one another, said facets facing said solar panel such that light passing from outside said housing through said facets is refracted toward said solar panel. 4. The device of claim 3 wherein: said conditions sensor includes a water temperature transducer for providing a voltage proportional to said water's temperature; and said communicator includes a processor processing said voltage into a primary digital signal and a driver for driving said display according to said primary digital signal. 5. The device of claim 4 further comprising a control module for controlling said solar panel's rate of recharging said battery such that said battery's temperature remains within a predetermined range. 6. The device of claim 5 wherein said control module further comprises: a battery temperature sensor for gauging said battery's temperature; and a shifting mechanism for decreasing said rate of recharging whenever said battery's temperature exceeds a predetermined temperature and for increasing said rate of recharging whenever said battery's temperature is below said predetermined temperature. 7. The device of claim 6 further comprising: a clock for keeping real time; wherein said conditions sensor further comprises an acidity sensor for monitoring a pH level of said pool and an ORP sensor for monitoring an oxidation reduction potential of said pool; wherein said processor processes said real time, said pH level, and said oxidation reduction potential into additional digital signals; said driver additionally drives said display according to said additional digital signals. 8. The device of claim 7 further comprising a switching mechanism for alternating according to which among said digital signals said driver drives said display. 9. A water monitoring device comprising: a substantially transparent, buoyant housing having an upper portion and a lower portion, said upper portion having a facade and an end; a conditions sensor disposed primarily within said housing, extending partially from said housing, for measuring a select physical condition of said water; a processor processing said condition into a corresponding digital signal; a digital display, having a front side and a back side, disposed within said housing for displaying said condition on said front side such that said condition can be read through said facade of said upper portion of said housing; said display being translucent such that said display can be illuminated from said back side; a driver for driving said display according to said digital signal; said lower portion of said housing including a lower interior face and a lower exterior face, said lower interior face being disposed at an angle with respect to said lower exterior face such that light passing from outside said housing through said lower exterior face is refracted as a result of said angle toward said back side of said display; a rechargeable battery disposed within said housing for powering said device; a solar panel disposed within said housing substantially near said end for recharging said battery; said end of said upper portion of said housing including facets, said facets being disposed at angles to one another, said facets facing said solar panel such that light passing from outside said housing through said facets is refracted toward said solar panel; and wherein said device floats in said water with said upper portion substantially above water. 10. The device of claim 9 wherein: said conditions sensor includes a water temperature transducer for providing a voltage proportional to said water's temperature; and said corresponding digital signal includes a primary discrete digital signal processed by said processor from said voltage. 11. The device of claim 9 further comprising a control module for controlling said solar panel's rate of recharging said battery such that said battery's temperature remains within a predetermined range. 12. The device of claim 11 wherein said control module further comprises: a battery temperature sensor for gauging said battery's temperature; and a shifting mechanism for decreasing said rate of recharging whenever said battery's temperature exceeds a predetermined temperature and for increasing said rate of recharging whenever said battery's temperature is below said predetermined temperature. 13. The device of claim 12 further comprising: a clock for keeping real time; said conditions sensor further comprising an acidity sensor for monitoring a pH level of said pool and an ORP sensor for monitoring an oxidation reduction potential of said pool; and said corresponding digital signal further including a set of additional discrete digital signals as a result of said processor's processing said real time, said pH level, and said oxidation reduction potential. 14. The device of claim 13 further comprising a switching mechanism for alternating according to which among said discrete digital signals said driver drives said display. 15. A water monitoring device comprising: a transparent, buoyant housing having an upper portion and a lower portion, said upper portion having a facade and an end; a water temperature transducer for providing a voltage proportional to said water's temperature; an acidity sensor for monitoring a pH level of said pool; an ORP sensor for monitoring an oxidation reduction potential of said pool; a clock for keeping real time; a processor for processing said voltage, said pH level, said oxidation reduction potential, and said time into corresponding digital signals; a digital display having a front side and a back side, said display disposed within said housing for alternately displaying said water's temperature, said pH level, said oxidation reduction potential, and said time on said front side such that said display can be read through said facade; said display being translucent such that said display can be illuminated from said back side; a driver for driving said display according to said digital signals; a switching mechanism for alternating according to which among said digital signals said driver drives said display; said lower portion of said housing including a lower interior face and a lower exterior face, said lower interior face being disposed at an angle with respect to said lower exterior face such that light passing from outside said housing through said lower exterior face is refracted as a result of said angle toward said back side of said display; a rechargeable battery disposed within said housing for powering said device; a solar panel disposed within said housing substantially near said end for recharging said battery; a battery temperature sensor for gauging said battery's temperature; a control module for decreasing said rate of recharging whenever said battery's temperature exceeds a predetermined temperature and for increasing said rate of recharging whenever said battery's temperature is below said predetermined temperature; said end of said upper portion of said housing including facets, said facets being disposed at angles to one another, said facets facing said solar panel such that light passing from outside said housing through said facets is refracted toward said solar panel; and wherein said device floats in said water with said upper portion substantially above water. 