An electronic module for enhancing an operation of a conventional parking meter. The electronic module comprises a shell defining a hollow conformation and being attachable to a conventional parking meter, in substitution to an upper housing portion of that conventional parking meter. The electronic module has a meter condition sensor for detecting from a distant point one of the time expiry indicator and the violative condition indicator of that parking meter, when the indicator is in an indicating mode, and a vehicle sensor affixed to the shell for detecting from a distant point, a parked vehicle. The electronic module further has: an electronic circuitry mounted inside the shell and having a power source for operating the module; means for receiving a first signal from the meter condition sensor and a second signal from the vehicle sensor; means for processing the first and second signals and means for transmitting a coded message to a remote receiver. Each side of the shell has a light operable into an ON mode by the electronic circuitry simultaneously to a transmission of the coded message. There is also provided on a front face of the shell, an electronic display screen for displaying an advertisement message to a user of this parking meter, and on a top portion thereof, a solar panel to recharge the battery of the electronic circuitry.
Claims We claim: 1. An electronic module for enhancing an operation of a conventional parking meter having at least one of a time expiry indicator and a violative condition indicator; said electronic module comprising: a shell defining a hollow conformation and having mounting means attachable to said conventional parking meter; a first sensor affixed to said shell for detecting from a distant point, said at least one of said indicators when said shell is mounted on said conventional parking meter, and when said at least one of said indicators is in an indicating mode; a second sensor affixed to said shell for detecting from a distant point a vehicle parked in a parking space at proximity of said conventional parking meter when said shell is mounted on said conventional parking meter and; an electronic circuitry mounted inside said shell and having a power source for an operation thereof, for receiving a first signal from said first sensor and a second signal from said second sensor, for processing said first and second signals and for transmitting a coded message to a remote receiver, said coded message comprising at least an identification relative to a location of said conventional parking meter; whereby when said electronic module is mounted on said conventional parking meter and said coded message is transmitted to said remote receiver, a law enforcement officer in communication with said remote receiver may be effectively dispatched to said location of said conventional parking meter. 2. An electronic module as claimed in claim 1 wherein said conventional parking meter has: an intermediate housing containing a coin receiving and registering mechanism, a clockwork and an opened upper end having a number of latch members about said opened upper end; and an upper housing having an opened plane and a set of catch members near said opened plane, said set of catch members being removably attachable to said number of latch members of said intermediate housing such that said opened plane normally fits over said opened upper end and said upper housing covers said opened upper end; and wherein said shell has an opening and said mounting means is a set of clasp members near said opening, said set of clasp members being substantially similar in shape, spacing and number as said set of catch members, whereby said shell is optionally removably attachable to said intermediate housing in substitution to said upper housing. 3. An electronic module as claimed in claim 2 wherein said opening has a substantially similar outline as a contour and dimension of said opened plane, whereby when said shell is mounted on said opened upper end of said intermediate housing, said shell is aesthetically and securely compatible with said intermediate housing relative to a conventional mounting of said upper housing on said intermediate housing. 4. An electronic module as claimed in claim 1 wherein said at least one of indicators is a flag made of ferrous metal, and said first sensor is a magnetic type proximity sensor mountable at proximity of said flag. 5. An electronic module as claimed in claim 1 wherein said first sensor is a photoelectric-type sensor having a light beam oriented to reflect on said at least one of said indicators when said shell is mounted on said conventional parking meter. 6. An electronic module as claimed in claim 1 wherein said at least one of said indicators is a light source, and said first sensor is photoelectric type sensor responsive to a light intensity of said light source. 7. An electronic module as claimed in claim 1 wherein said conventional parking meter has a time indicating dial and a time pointer pointing at said dial, and said first sensor is a pair of photoelectric sensors electrically connected in series with one-another and having their respective beam spaced apart a distance greater than a width of said time pointer, whereby during an operation of said conventional parking meter when said shell is mounted on said conventional parking meter, said time pointer intersecting any one of said beams does not cause said first signal. 8. An electronic module as claimed in claim 1 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises timer means for effecting an intermittent operation of said first and second sensors. 9. An electronic module as claimed in claim 2 wherein said conventional parking meter has: a semi-circular time indicating dial and a time pointer pointing at said dial, and said shell has a transparent semi-circular window on a first side thereof being substantially similar in shape as an area defined by said dial, said window being further horizontally and vertically mountable in alignment with said dial, such that when said shell is mounted on said intermediate housing, a user of said conventional parking meter has a visual access to said time pointer and said dial. 10. An electronic module as claimed in claim 1 wherein said shell also comprises: an electronic display screen mounted on a face of said shell, said electronic display screen comprising a programmable memory and an input circuitry connected to said electronic circuitry in a manner to receive said second signal, said display screen being capable of displaying a promotional message to a user of said parking meter upon reception of said second signal by said input circuitry; whereby when said shell is mounted on said conventional parking meter, said conventional parking meter is usable as a source of advertising revenue. 11. An electronic module as claimed in claim 1 wherein said shell has a first and second spaced apart faces enclosed by a first and second sides and a top portion, and said first and second sides have each a light operable into an ON mode by said electronic circuitry simultaneously to a transmission of said coded message, and said lights being operable into an OFF mode by an infrared reset receiver on said first face of said shell; whereby when said shell is mounted on said conventional parking meter and said lights are in said ON mode, said conventional parking meter is visible from a great distance as compared to other conventional parking meters. 12. An electronic module as claimed in claim 1 wherein said power source is a battery, and said electronic circuitry comprises a battery charging means; and said shell has a first and second spaced apart faces enclosed by a first and second sides and a top portion, and said top portion has a solar cell connected to said battery charging means, for charging said battery during daylight time. 13. An electronic module as claimed in claim 1 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises a wireless transmitter for transmitting said coded message in a wireless transmission mode. 14. An electronic module for enhancing an operation of a conventional parking meter comprising an intermediate housing having an upper end, latch means about said upper end for removably retaining a cover means over said upper end, parking time indicating means and at least one of a time expiry indicator and a violative condition indicator, said parking time indicating means and said at least one of said time expiry indicator and a violative condition indicator extending above said upper end, said electronic module comprising: a shell having mounting means attachable to said latch means for mounting said shell over said upper end of said intermediate housing, said shell having first and second faces, first and second sides and a top portion defining a hollow conformation for coveting said parking time indicating means and said at least one of a time expiry indicator and a violative condition indicator, said shell further having a window in said first face thereof, said window being substantially horizontally and vertically mountable in alignment with said parking time indicating means; an electronic circuitry mounted inside said shell and having a power source for an operation thereof; an electronic display means mounted on said first face of said shell and comprising a programmable memory and an input circuitry connected to said electronic circuitry in a manner to receive a signal therefrom, said display means being capable of displaying a promotional message upon reception of said signal by said input circuitry; whereby when said electronic module is mounted on said conventional parking meter, said conventional parking meter is usable as a source of advertising revenue. 15. An electronic module as claimed in claim 14 wherein said power source is a solar panel mounted on said shell, and said signal is producible by said solar panel whenever an ambient light intensity is sufficient to generate a required energy to operate said electronic display means and said electronic circuitry. 16. An electronic module as claimed in claim 14 further comprising: a vehicle sensor affixed to said shell for detecting from a distant point a vehicle parked in a parking space at proximity of said conventional parking meter when said shell is mounted on said conventional parking meter, and said signal is producible by said vehicle sensor upon a detection of a vehicle parked in said parking space. 17. An electronic module as claimed in claim 14 wherein said power source is a battery, said electronic circuitry comprises a battery charging means and said shell has on said top portion thereof a solar cell connected to said battery charging means for charging said battery during daylight time. 18. An electronic module as claimed in claim 14 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises a wireless communication receiver for receiving a program containing said promotional message from a remote transmitter in a wireless transmission mode. 19. An electronic module as claimed in claim 16 further comprising a second sensor affixed to said shell for detecting from a distant point, said at least one of said indicators when said at least one of said indicators is in an indicating mode; and communication means for receiving and processing said signal, and for transmitting a coded message to a remote receiver, said coded message comprising at least an identification relative to a location of said conventional parking meter. 20. An electronic module as claimed in claim 19 wherein said first and second sides have each a light operable into an ON mode by said electronic circuitry simultaneously to a transmission of said coded message, and said lights being operable into an OFF mode by an infrared reset receiver on one of said first and second faces of said shell. 21. An electronic module as claimed in claim 14 wherein said hollow conformation has an opening and said opening has a contour and dimensions as those of said upper end of said intermediate housing, whereby when said shell is mounted on said upper end of said intermediate housing, said shell is aesthetically compatible with said intermediate housing. 22. An electronic module as claimed in claim 21 wherein said window is a semi-circular window. 23. A combination of a conventional parking meter and an electronic module mounted atop said conventional parking meter; said conventional parking meter comprising an intermediate housing having an upper end, latch means about said upper end, parking time indicating means, a time pointer pointing at said parking time indicating means and at least one of a time expiry indicator and a violative condition indicator, said parking time indicating means and said at least one of said time expiry indicator and said violative condition indicator extending above said upper end, said electronic module comprising; a shell having mounting means affixed to said latch means, said shell having first and second faces, first and second sides and a top portion defining a hollow conformation for covering said upper end of said intermediate housing, said parking time indicating means and said at least one of said time expiry indicator and said violative condition indicator; a first sensor affixed to said shell for detecting from a distant point, said at least one of said time expiry indicator and said violative condition indicator when said at least one of said indicators is in an indicating mode; a second sensor affixed to said shell for detecting from a distant point a vehicle parked in a parking space at proximity of said parking meter; an electronic circuitry mounted inside said shell and having a power source for an operation thereof, for receiving a first signal from said first sensor and a second signal for said second sensor, for processing said first and second signals and for transmitting a coded message to a remote receiver, said coded message comprising at least an identification of said conventional parking meter; whereby when said coded message is transmitted to said remote receiver, a law enforcement officer in communication with said remote receiver may be effectively dispatched to a location of said conventional parking meter. 24. The combination as claimed in claim 23 wherein said mounting means is a set of clasp members on said shell. 25. The combination as claimed in claim 23 wherein said shell also comprises an electronic display screen mounted on said first face of said shell, said electronic display screen comprising a programmable memory and an input circuitry connected to said electronic circuitry in a manner to receive said second signal, said display screen being capable of displaying a promotional message to a user of said parking meter upon reception of said second signal by said input circuitry. 26. The combination as claimed in claim 23 wherein said power source is a battery, said electronic circuitry comprises a battery charging means and said top portion has a solar cell connected to said battery charging means for charging said battery during daylight time. 27. The combination as claimed in claim 23 wherein said at least one of said indicators is a flag made of ferrous metal, and said first sensor is a magnetic type proximity sensor mounted at proximity of said flag. 28. The combination as claimed in claim 23 wherein said first sensor is a photoelectric-type sensor having a light beam oriented to reflect on said at least one of said indicators. 29. The combination as claimed in claim 23 wherein said at least one of said indicators is a light source, and said first sensor is photoelectric type sensor responsive to a light intensity of said light source. 30. The combination as claimed in claim 23 wherein said first sensor is a pair of photoelectric sensors electrically connected in series with one-another and having their respective beam spaced apart a distance greater than a width of said time pointer; whereby during an operation of said conventional parking meter, said time pointer intersecting any one of said beams does not cause said first signal. 31. The combination as claimed in claim 23 wherein said shell further has a window in said first face thereof and said window is substantially horizontally and vertically in alignment with said parking time indicating means. 32. The combination as claimed in claim 31 wherein said parking time indicating means is a semi-circular time indicating dial and said window is a transparent semicircular window being substantially similar in shape as an area defined by said dial. 33. The combination as claimed in claim 23 wherein said first and second sides each have a light operable into an ON mode by said electronic circuitry simultaneously to a transmission of said coded message, and said lights are operable into an OFF mode by an infrared reset receiver on said first face of said shell, whereby when said lights are in said ON mode, said conventional parking meter is visible from a great distance as compared to other parking meters not having said shell. 34. The combination as claimed in claim 23 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises a wireless transmitter for transmitting said coded message in a wireless transmission mode. 35. The combination as claimed in claim 23 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises timer means for effecting an intermittent operation of said first and second sensors. 36. The combination as claimed in claim 23 wherein said hollow conformation has an opening and said opening has a contour and dimensions as those of said upper end of said intermediate housing, whereby said shell is aesthetically compatible with said intermediate housing. 37. A combination of a conventional parking meter and an electronic module mounted atop said conventional parking meter, said conventional parking meter having an intermediate housing having an upper end, latch means about said upper end for removably retaining a cover means over said upper end, parking time indicating means and at least one of a time expiry indicator and a violative condition indicator, said parking time indicating means and said at least one of said time expiry indicator and a violative condition indicator extending above said upper end, said electronic module comprising: a shell having mounting means affixed to said latch means, said shell having first and second faces, first and second sides and a top portion defining a hollow conformation for covering said parking time indicating means and said at least one of a time expiry indicator and a violative condition indicator, said shell further having a window in said first face thereof, said window being substantially horizontally and vertically in alignment with said parking time indicating means; an electronic circuitry mounted inside said shell and having a power source for an operation thereof; an electronic display means mounted on said first face of said shell and comprising a programmable memory and an input circuitry connected to said electronic circuitry in a manner to receive a signal therefrom, said display means being capable of displaying a promotional message to a user of said conventional parking meter upon reception of said signal by said input circuitry; whereby said conventional parking meter is usable as a source of advertising revenue. 38. The combination as claimed in claim 37 wherein said power source is a solar cell mounted on said shell, and said signal is generated by said solar cell whenever an ambient light intensity is sufficient to generate a required energy to operate said electronic display means and said electronic circuitry. 39. The combination as claimed in claim 37 wherein said electronic module further comprises: a vehicle sensor affixed to said shell for detecting from a distant point a vehicle parked in a parking space at proximity of said conventional parking meter, and wherein said signal is effected by said vehicle sensor upon a detection of a vehicle parked in said parking space. 40. The combination as claimed in claim 39 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises a first timer for delaying a beginning of an operation of said display means upon said reception of said signal by said input circuitry, and a second timer for terminating said operation. 41. The combination as claimed in claim 37 wherein said power source is a battery, and said electronic circuitry comprises a battery charging means; and wherein said top portion of said shell has a solar cell connected to said battery charging means for charging said battery during daylight time. 42. The combination as claimed in claim 39 wherein said electronic module further comprises a second sensor affixed to said shell for detecting from a distant point, said at least one of said indicators when said at least one of said indicators is in an indicating mode; and said electronic circuitry further comprises means for receiving and processing said second signal and for transmitting a coded message to a remote receiver, said coded message comprising at least an identification relative to a location of said conventional parking meter; whereby when said coded message is transmitted to said remote receiver, a law enforcement officer in communication with said remote receiver may be effectively dispatched to said location of said conventional parking meter. 43. The combination as claimed in claim 42 wherein said first and second sides of said shell each have a light operable into an 0N mode by said electronic circuitry simultaneously to a transmission of said coded message, and said lights being operable into an OFF mode by an infrared reset receiver on said first face of said shell; whereby when said lights are in said ON mode said conventional parking meter is visible from a great distance as compared to other parking meters not having said shell. 44. The combination as claimed in claim 43 wherein said hollow conformation has an opening and said opening has a contour and dimensions as those of said upper end of said intermediate housing, whereby said shell is aesthetically compatible with said intermediate housing. 45. The combination as claimed in claim 44 wherein said parking time indicating means is a semi-circular time indicating dial and a time pointer pointing at said dial; and said window is a transparent semi-circular window being substantially similar in shape as an area defined by said dial, said window being further horizontally and vertically mounted in alignment with said dial, such that a user of said conventional parking meter has a visual access to said me pointer and said dial. 46. The combination as claimed in claim 37 wherein said electronic circuitry further comprises a wireless communication receiver for receiving a program containing said promotional message from a remote transmitter, in a wireless transmission mode. 47. An electronic module for enhancing an operation of a conventional parking meter comprising an intermediate housing having an upper end, latch means about said upper end for removably retaining a cover means over said upper end, a parking time indicating means and at least one of a time expiry indicator and a violative condition indicator, said parking time indicating means and said at least one of said time expiry indicator and said violative condition indicator extending above said upper end, said electronic module comprising: a shell having mounting means attachable to said latch means for mounting said shell over said upper end of said intermediate housing, said shell having first and second faces, first and second sides and a top portion defining a hollow conformation for covering said parking time indicating means and said at least one of said time expiry indicator and said violative condition indicator, said shell further having a window in said first face thereof, said window being substantially horizontally and vertically mountable in alignment with said parking time indicating means; and an electronic circuitry mounted inside said shell and having a power source for an operation thereof and electronic means for imparting said conventional parking meter with an electronic feature. 48. An electronic module as claimed in claim 47, wherein said electronic means comprises: a first sensor affixed to said shell for detecting from a distant point said at least one of a violative condition indicator and a time expiry condition indicator of said conventional parking meter, when said shell is mounted on said conventional parking meter, and when said at least one of said indicators is in an indicating mode; a second sensor affixed to said shell for detecting from a distant point a vehicle parked in a parking space at proximity of said conventional parking meter when said shell is mounted on said conventional parking meter and; means for receiving a first signal from said first sensor and a second signal from said second sensor, for processing said first and second signals and for transmitting a coded message to a remote receiver, said coded message comprising at least an identification relative to a location of said conventional parking meter. 49. An electronic module as claimed in claim 48 wherein said electronic means also comprises: an electronic display means mounted on said first face of said shell and comprising a programmable memory and an input circuitry connected to said electronic circuitry in a manner to receive a signal therefrom, said display means being capable of displaying a promotional message upon reception of said signal by said input circuitry. 50. An electronic module as claimed in claim 49 wherein said power source is a solar panel mounted on said shell, and said signal is generated by said solar panel whenever an ambient light intensity is sufficient to generate a required energy to operate said electronic display means and said electronic circuitry. 