An object of the present invention is to provide an insulation state measurement method and a judgement apparatus for a power conversion system, which can monitor the insulation state of an electric path with one end to which a power scarce is connected, or the power source itself in a non-use state of the power source, and can prevent an unexpected failure. A solar cell array connected to one end of an electric path is set in a non-grounded state upon operation of a change-over switch, and a measurement switch which receives an operation command from an operating circuit temporarily applies a high voltage to the electric path. A current detector detects a weak current flowing through connection lines, and supplies detection data to an insulation judgement unit. The insulation judgement unit calculates the insulator resistance on the basis of the magnitude of the applied voltage, and the magnitude of the weak current detected by the current detector. If an abnormality is detected, information indicating the abnormality is displayed on a display unit. In this manner, an unexpected failure can be avoided.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for determining an insulating state of a power source comprising the steps of: providing a circuit comprising power conversion means for converting an input power into a different power and the power source, said power conversion means and said power source being connected through an electric path, forming a short circuit by said power source and said electric path and forming an open circuit by said power conversion means and said electric path; applying a voltage to said short circuit; measuring a current produced by said applied voltage; and determining an insulating state of said power source based on a current value measured in said current measuring step. 2. A method according to claim 1, further comprising the steps of: calculating an insulating resistance based on the voltage applied during the voltage applying step and the current value measured in the current measuring step; and determining the insulating state of said power source. 3. A method according to claim 2, wherein the measurement is performed on the basis of whether or not the insulator resistance exceeds two different thresholds. 4. A method according to claim 2, further comprising the steps of: after storing the insulating resistance value, cancelling the short circuit of said power source and connecting to said power conversion means again, a voltage on said electric path is measured, and then locating a poor insulating section based on the voltage value and the insulating resistance value. 5. A method according to claim 1, wherein the electric path comprises a DC two-line electric path. 6. A method according to claim 1, wherein the voltage application time falls within a range from 2 to 5 seconds. 7. An apparatus for determining an insulating state of a power source comprising: means provided with a circuit comprising power conversion means for converting an input power into a different power output and the power source, said power conversion means being connected through an electric path to said power source, for forming a short circuit by said power source and said electric path in the circuit, and for forming an open circuit by said power conversion means and said electric path; voltage applying means for applying a voltage to said short circuit; current measuring means for measuring a current generated by the applied voltage; and means for determining the insulating state of said power source based on the current value measured by said current measuring means. 8. A device according to claim 7, wherein the electric path comprises a DC two-line electric path. 9. A device according to claim 7, wherein said voltage applying means comprises as a source at least one of a primary battery, a secondary battery, and a commercial power supplying system. 10. A power generating system comprising: means, provided with power conversion means for converting an input D.C. power into an A.C. power output and a D.C. power source, said power conversion means and said D.C. power source being connected through a D.C. two wire electric path, for forming a short circuit by said D.C. power source and said D.C. two wire electric path, and for forming an open circuit by said power conversion means and said D.C. two wire electric path; voltage applying means for applying a voltage to said short circuit; current measuring means for measuring a current generated by the applied voltage; means for determining an insulating state of said D.C. power source based on a value of the current measured by said current measuring means; and monitor means for monitoring a result of the determining by said determining means. 11. A system according to claim 10, wherein the DC two-line type electric path has one end to which a DC power source is connected as the power source, and another end which is connected to a load via converter means. 12. A system according to claim 11, wherein, in the DC two-line type electric path, a voltage detector is inserted between one electric path line and the grounded point, said system further comprises memory means for storing an insulator resistance value calculated by an insulation state judgement method, and said insulation judgement means estimates a location of a poor insulation portion upon reception of an output from said voltage detector, and the stored insulator resistance value. 13. A system according to claim 11, wherein the load comprises a power distribution system. 14. A system according to claim 11, wherein the load comprises accumulator means. 15. A system according to claim 11, wherein the DC power source comprises a solar cell. 16. A system according to claim 15, wherein the solar cell comprises a flexible solar cell module. 17. A system according to claim 15, wherein the solar cell comprises a resin-encapsulated solar cell module. 18. A system according to claim 10, further comprising means for boosting a voltage generated by said voltage applying means. 19. A system according to claim 10 wherein, in the DC two-line type electric path, voltage detectors are inserted between one electric path line and the grounded point and between the other electric path line and the grounded point, and said insulation judgement means estimates a location of a poor insulation portion upon reception of outputs from said voltage detectors. 20. A system according to claim 10, wherein said monitor means comprises display means. 21. A system according to claim 10, wherein said monitor means comprises display means for displaying a warning based on a result obtained by said determining means. 