A vehicle-top solar-power generator has a Photovoltaic frame (2) with mounting brackets (3) that are positioned on a top (4) of a vehicle (5) with a cooling space between the top of the vehicle and the photovoltaic frame. At least one and preferably a plurality of Photovoltaic panels (1) are positioned in the Photovoltaic frame and covered with a light-transmittable material (28) such as plexiglass or a screen of suitable material. Direct current generated from the Photovoltaic panels is transmitted to a primary battery (6), to a secondary battery (7), to AC electrical items (13) and to DC electrical items (14). Power generated in excess of needs for the vehicle is inverted to alternating current for electrical items in such structures (15) as a home, workplace, recreational vehicle, boat or other structure near the vehicle. A cooling fan (12) powered by current from the Photovoltaic panels is used to cool the Photovoltaic panels. Control regulators control flow of current from the Photovoltaic panels to one or more batteries for charging, for inverting to AC current and for distribution of AC current and DC current for nearby use.
Claims Having thus described my invention, I claim: 1. A vehicle-top solar-power generator comprising: a photovoltaic frame having mounting brackets with which the photovoltaic frame is positioned on a vehicle at a design distance vertically above an attachment portion of the vehicle; one or more photovoltaic panels positioned horizontally in the photovoltaic frame; a junction block on the photovoltaic frame having positive connectors in electrical communication with positive electrical output lines from the photovoltaic panels and having negative connectors in electrical communication with negative electrical return lines to the photovoltaic panels; negative connectors on the junction block being in electrical communication with positive connectors on the junction block; a tandem photovoltaic-generator line having a positive line attached in electrical communication to a positive connector and to a negative line attached in electrical communication to a negative connector on the junction block; a primary control regulator and a secondary control regulator attached to the photovoltaic frame; a regulator switch having a moveable contact member with an input portion in electrical communication with the positive line of the tandem photovoltaic-generator line and an output portion moveable selectively from an off position between a positive lead to the primary control regulator and a positive lead to the secondary control regulator; the moveable contact member being positional in contact with either the positive lead to the primary control regulator or the positive lead to the secondary control regulator selectively; a return line in negative-pole return-electrical communication from the primary control regulator and the secondary control regulator to a negative line in the tandem photovoltaic-generator line for return flow to the junction block; a primary battery on the vehicle; a tandem primary-regulator line in positive and negative electrical communication between the primary control regulator and the primary battery; a vehicle electrical motor on the vehicle in tandem electrical communication with the primary battery; a high-current inverter having tandem electrical input communication with the primary battery and having tandem electrical output communication with select remote alternating current electrical items; a battery charger in tandem electrical communication of current from a current-supply connector to the primary battery; a tandem secondary regulator line in positive and negative electrical communication between the secondary control regulator and a low-current receptacle on the photovoltaic frame; a tandem secondary connector line in electrical communication between the low-current receptacle and a remote low-current battery; and a low-current inverter in electrical transmission of direct current from the remote low-current battery to alternating current for select alternating-current items. 2. A vehicle-top solar-power generator as described in claim 1 and further comprising: a cooling fan positioned on the photovoltaic frame in airflow relationship to select portions of the photovoltaic panels. 3. A vehicle-top solar-power generator as described in claim 2 wherein: the cooling fan is powered by current from the photovoltaic panels. 4. A vehicle-top solar-power generator as described in claim 3 wherein: electrical current is communicated to the cooling fan by a positive electrical line in communication with at least one positive connector on the junction block; and electrical current is returned from the cooling fan by a negative electrical line in communication with at least one negative connector on the junction block. 5. A vehicle-top solar-power generator as described in claim 4 and further comprising: a thermostatically controlled regulator of current in the positive electrical line to the cooling fan. 6. A vehicle-top solar-power generator as described in claim 5 and further comprising: a frame ground in electrical communication between the negative electrical line from the cooling fan and the photovoltaic frame. 7. A vehicle-top solar-power generator as described in claim 6 and further comprising: a fan-ground resistor in design resistance of electrical communication from the negative electrical line to the photovoltaic frame. 8. A vehicle-top solar-power generator as described in claim 1 and further comprising: a frame-to-frame ground line in electrical communication between a frame of the vehicle and the photovoltaic frame. 9. A vehicle-top solar-power generator as described in claim 8 and further comprising: a frame-to-frame-ground resistor in design resistance of electrical communication between the frame-to-frame ground line and the photovoltaic frame. 10. A vehicle-top solar-power generator as described in claim 9 wherein: the frame-to-frame ground line is a shielded two-wire cable. 11. A vehicle-top solar-power generator as described in claim 1 and further comprising: a low-current output line in electrical communication from the secondary connector line to select low-current items. 12. A vehicle-top solar-power generator as described in claim 1 and further comprising: a generator-line fuse in the photovoltaic-generator line; a regulator-line fuse in the primary-regulator line; and a low-current fuse in the low-current output line. 13. A vehicle-top solar-power generator as described in claim 1 and further comprising: a high-current earth ground in electrical communication from the high-current inverter; a low-current earth ground in electrical communication from the low-current inverter; a ground resistor in resistance of electrical communication between a return line from the primary battery and a frame ground in electrical communication with a frame of the vehicle; and a high-current frame ground in electrical communication between the high-current inverter and the frame of the vehicle. 