A forest surveillance and monitoring system for the early detection and reporting of forest fires in a forest area under surveillance. The system comprises a number of remote detectors placed within the forest area and telemetrically linked to a central processing system. Each remote detector comprises an infrared sensor and video camera mounted on a remotely controllable moving platform. The remote detector also contains a weather sensor for collecting critical weather data at the remote site. Located at each remote site is a remote processor which controls all data collection, the remote processor being in communication with the central site via a remote communication subsystem and central communication system which are linked via radio. The central control site receives weather data and alarm information as well as video images from the remote detector site via the communication system. The central site contains video monitoring equipment for visual inspection of the area under surveillance as well as a central processor for overall system control. The central processor receives data from the multiple remote detectors and is capable of displaying alarms on digitized topographic maps of the forest under surveillance, as well as producing a forecast of the anticipated growth pattern of the fire front based upon the received data and information stored in a historical data base. Hard copy output of topographic maps showing the fire sites and fire growth path are available from the central processor for use by fire fighting personnel.
Claims We claim: 1. A forest surveillance and monitoring system for detecting and reporting forest fires in a forest having an ambient infrared background temperature, said system comprising: a peripheral detection station including: means for collecting current weather data; infrared sensor means for detecting a given surveyed area, said infrared sensor means being operative to measure radiation flow along scan lines from a small angular region of said area and to output corresponding signals; rotating means for supporting the infrared sensor means and imparting an azimuth scan to the infrared sensor means; local processor means connected so as to receive the signals from the infrared sensor means and data from the weather data collecting means; and a peripheral station communications subsystem connected to the local processor means for transmitting data therefrom; and a local control center which includes: a historical data bank containing information on vegetation distribution and recent weather conditions in the surveyed area; a communication subsystem which receives data from the peripheral station communication subsystem and emits commands for controlling the local processor, the local processor being configured to manage a data exchange with the local control center; peripheral memory means for recording data; and central processor means for controlling the peripheral detection station, controlling an exchange of commands and data, illustrating a notified alarm on topography maps of the area, recording data on the peripheral memory means, displaying system status and integrating the notified alarm with data of the historical data bank, the local processor means being operative to provide for extraction of a fire alarm and to cause transmission of an alarm signal and the weather data to the local control center via the peripheral station communication subsystem and the communication subsystem, the central processor means of the local control center being operative to integrate the alarm extracted by the peripheral detection station with instantaneous weather data and with data from the historical databank so as to develop a fire propagation model as a function of said integration whereby the model is based upon the instantaneous weather data, the vegetation distribution, and the recent weather conditions which results in a propagation speed and direction of a detected fire. 2. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein the means for collecting current weather data includes a plurality of weather sensors for obtaining temperature, relative humidity, pressure, wind speed and direction, solar radiation and rain rate data. 3. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein the historical data bank contains information on ground gradients and on human presence in the surveyed area, which information is used by the central processor means for calculation of the fire propagation model and for a display of an area to be protected. 4. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein the peripheral detection station further includes a video camera arranged to visually monitor the surveyed area, the video camera being mounted on the rotating means, the local control center further including a video monitor operative to display video images from the video camera of the peripheral detection station, said communication subsystems being operative to transfer signals from the video camera to the video monitor, the local control center further including a video recorder for recording the video images. 5. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein the local control center further includes a printer operatively provided to print alarm messages generated by the central processor means. 6. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein the infrared sensor means is configured to have spectral sensitivity so as to provide an optimum detection of hot sources within 200.degree.-300.degree. C. against an ambient temperature background within 0.degree.-40.degree. C. 7. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein the rotating means includes a rotating platform operatively connected to the local processor means of the peripheral detection station so as to confer an azimuth scan to the infrared sensor means over 360 degrees. 8. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein the local processor means is operative to calculate a value of a derivative of the signals output by the infrared sensor means, to extract a mean square value of fluctuations of the signals subject to derivation for each group of data corresponding to a vertical position, and to multiply the mean square value with a constant value and supply a threshold value for detection of a possible alarm system. 9. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein a plurality of peripheral detection stations are provided, the local control center being operative to control the plurality of peripheral detection stations. 10. A system as defined in claim 9, the central processor means is operative to receive alarms from different of the peripheral detection stations, and to calculate possible intersections between said alarms. 