A dish antenna framework is constructed from tetrahedral strut assemblies. Each assembly is made up of six struts joined at their ends to four nodes. The nodes also constitute dish mounting points for the dish on the dish antenna framework. These points are located on the envelope of the dish. The framework supported on base frame is rotated about the vertical axis using a movable hydraulic ram arrangement wherein a ram cylinder is attached by an arm to the base frame to be rotated, a ram piston is removably attached to anchor members fixed to a platform. Rotation is effected by expanding and contracting the hydraulic ram. The ram is guided between anchor members by guiding means.
Claims We claim: 1. A dish support frame for the dish of a dish antenna, said dish support frame comprising: (a) a plurality of strut assemblies, each strut assembly comprising six rigid struts, said struts having ends connected to four nodes of the support frame to form a tetrahedral strut assembly; and (b) a plurality of dish mounting points, each dish mounting point being at a respective one of the nodes of a strut assembly, said dish mounting points being located on the envelope of the shape of the dish; said dish support frame further including a mechanism for rotating said support frame about a vertical axis, said mechanism comprising: (a) an arm attached to or forming part of said support frame, said arm extending generally radially from said vertical axis; (b) a hydraulic ram having a ram cylinder and a ram rod actuated by hydraulic fluid within said ram cylinder, said ram cylinder being connected to said arm; (c) a plurality of equi-spaced anchor members fixedly mounted on a platform beneath said support frame, said anchor members lying on a circle, or on an arc of a circle, said vertical axis passing through the centre of said circle; (d) means for temporarily engaging the end of said ram rod which is remote from said ram cylinder with a selected one of said anchor members; (e) substantially circular guiding means for guiding said end of said ram rod from said selected anchor member to an adjacent anchor member; (f) locking means for temporarily locking said arm in locations occupied by said arm in its rotational movement about said vertical axis; and (g) hydraulic control means for expanding and contracting said hydraulic ram. 2. A dish support frame as defined in claim 1, in which the strut assemblies of at least one pair of adjacent tetrahedral strut assemblies have three struts and three nodes in common, whereby said at least one pair of strut assemblies are joined together by face contact of their adjacent tetrahedral structures. 3. A dish support frame as defined in claim 1, in which the strut assemblies of at least one pair of adjacent strut assemblies have two nodes and one strut in common, whereby said at least one pair of strut assemblies are joined together by edge contact of their adjacent tetrahedral structures. 4. A dish support frame as defined in claim 1, in which the strut assemblies of at least one pair of adjacent strut assemblies have one node in common, whereby said at least one pair of strut assemblies are joined together by point contact of their adjacent tetrahedral structures. 5. A dish support frame as defined in claim 1, mounted on a base frame of the antenna for pivotal movement about a horizontal axis, said axis being displaced laterally from the centre of the dish support frame. 6. A dish support frame as defined in claim 5, in which said axis is located approximately mid-way between the centre of the dish support frame and the edge region of the dish support frame. 7. A dish support frame as defined in claim 5, including a reflecting dish for directing solar energy to a receiver which is mounted at the focal region of said reflecting dish, said reflecting dish being mounted on said support frame. 8. A dish support frame as defined in claim 1, in which (1) said platform is the earth or concrete pad mounted on the earth; (2) each of said anchor members is a stanchion affixed to said platform, said stanchion having a plate member extending radially inwards with relation to said circle; (3) said end of said arm is supported by a carrier adapted to move over the surface of said platform; and (4) said means for temporarily engaging said end of said ram rod to an anchor member comprises means for temporarily connecting said end of said arm to said plate member. 9. A dish support frame as defined in claim 1, including a programmed microprocessor for controlling the operation of said mechanism. 10. A dish support frame as defined in claim 1, including a reflecting dish for directing solar energy to a receiver which is mounted at the focal region of said reflecting dish, said reflecting dish being mounted on said support frame. 