An RF control system characterized by the use of remotely located low profile radio frequency antennas which are concealed in conventionally appearing valve boxes or similar housings. The system includes a central control station, including a central RF transmitter, and a plurality of remote station, each including an RF receiver and antenna. A preferred remote station includes a valve box or similar housing of the type intended to be at least partially buried in the earth. The housing has a peripheral wall defining an access opening and a removable cover for bridging the opening. A directional discontinuity ring radiator (DDRR) antenna is physically mounted in the valve box housing on the interior side of the cover and is connected to a receiver, preferably also physically mounted on the cover.
Claims I claim: 1. In a system for controlling from a central station a device located at a remote station, the improvement comprising: a valve box having a peripheral wall defining an access opening; a panel configured for mounting on said wall to substantially bridge said opening, said panel having an interior surface facing into said valve box; said valve box comprising a structure suitable for direct burial in the ground to position said panel substantially horizontally and slightly vertically above the surface of said ground proximate thereto; and a radio frequency antenna physically mounted on said panel adjacent said panel interior surface, said antenna including: an elongate electrically conductive member forming a planar ring supported from said panel proximate to said interior surface; and an electrically conductive ground plane member suspended from said panel spaced from said interior surface and essentially vertically aligned with said ground surface proximate thereto. 2. The system of claim 1 further including an enclosure containing an electronic circuit; and means supporting said enclosure beneath said panel interior surface. 3. The system of claim 1 further including a solar cell mounted proximate to said panel exterior surface and electrically connected to said electronic circuit. 4. A method for forming and positioning an antenna in a remote station for receiving vertically polarized RF signals, comprising the steps of: forming a remote station comprising a housing including a peripheral wall defining an upper access opening and a removable panel bridging said opening, said panel having interior and exterior surfaces; placing receive electronics for receiving said RF signals in said housing; positioning a vertically polarized RF antenna coupled to said receive electronics in said housing; said RF antenna comprising (1) a conductive ground plane member horizontally oriented in said housing and (2) an elongate conductive member mounted in said housing proximate to said panel interior surface defining a planar ring oriented parallel to and spaced above said ground plane member; and partially burying said housing in the earth such that said ground plane member is substantially aligned with the earth surface surrounding said housing and said elongate conductive member is positioned above the earth surface. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein said positioning step additionally includes physically mounting said elongate conductive member to said panel interior surface. 6. The method of claim 4 wherein said positioning step additionally includes suspending said ground plane member from said panel interior surface by a dielectric member at a spacing further from said panel interior surface than said elongate conductive member. 7. The method of claim 4 wherein said forming step additionally includes physically supporting said receive electronics from said panel interior surface. 8. A wireless control system comprising: a central station including a central RF transmitter, a vertically polarized central RF antenna functionally connected thereto, and a central encoding means for applying command information to RF signals produced by said central transmitter; at least one remote station including a vertically polarized remote RF antenna, a remote RF receiver functionally connected thereto, and a remote decoding means for decoding RF signals received by said remote receiver to produce decoded command information; and a controllable device located at said remote station responsive to said decoded command information; said remote station including a housing comprising a peripheral wall defining an upper access opening and a removable panel bridging said opening, said panel having interior and exterior surfaces, said housing being at least partially buried in the earth and positioned to orient said panel substantially horizontally with said interior surface spaced vertically above the proximate surface of the earth; said remote RF antenna comprising (1) a conductive ground plane member horizontally oriented in said housing and substantially vertically aligned with the proximate surface of the earth and (2) an elongate conductive member mounted in said housing proximate to said panel interior surface defining a planar ring oriented parallel to and spaced vertically above said ground plane member. 9. The system of claim 8 additionally comprising a central RF receiver functionally connected to said vertically polarized central RF antenna; and wherein said remote station further includes a remote RF transmitter functionally connected to said remote RF antenna and remote encoding means for applying command information to RF signals produced by said remote transmitter. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein said controllable device is responsive to said decoded command information for selectively switching from a first to a second state; and wherein said remote encoding means is responsive to information indicative of the state of said controllable device. 11. The system of claim 9 additionally comprising: a battery located at said remote station; a solar cell mounted on said panel exterior surface for charging said battery; and wherein said remote encoding means is responsive to information indicative of the charge status of said battery. 12. A centrally controlled wireless system for remotely operating a controllable device, said system comprising: a central station including: transmitter means for producing an RF signal; source means for producing command information; encoder means responsive to said command information for encoding said RF signal; a vertically polarized central antenna for broadcasting said encoded RF signal; and, at least one remote station including: a housing comprising a structure suitable for being at least partially buried in the earth and including a peripheral wall defining an upper access opening and a removable panel bridging said opening, said panel having interior and exterior surfaces; a vertically polarized remote antenna mounted in said housing for receiving said broadcast RF signal; decoder means mounted in said housing responsive to said received broadcast RF signal for producing decoded command information; a controllable device responsive to said decoded command information; said remote antenna including (1) a conductive ground plane member horizontally oriented in said housing and (2) an elongate conductive member mounted in said housing proximate to said panel interior surface defining a planar ring oriented parallel to and spaced vertically above said ground plane member; and wherein said housing is at least partially buried in the earth with said conductive ground plane member oriented substantially horizontally and positioned substantially in alignment with the surface of the earth proximate thereto. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein said remote station further includes transmitter means for producing a remote RF signal and means responsive to the state of said controllable device for encoding said remote RF signal and coupling said signal to said remote station antenna means for transmission to said central station; and wherein said central station further includes receiver means for receiving said remote RF signal transmitted from said remote station. 14. The system of claim 13 additionally comprising a solar cell mounted on said panel exterior surface for providing power to said decoder means. 15. The system of claim 14 additionally comprising battery means in said housing; and wherein said solar cell is coupled to said battery for charging said battery. 16. The system of claim 13 wherein said remote station additionally comprises transmitter means for producing a remote RF signal and means responsive to the charge state of said battery for encoding said remote RF signal for transmission to said central station; and wherein said central station additionally comprises receiver means for receiving said remote RF signal transmitted from said remote station. 