The invention refers to sun generators, which at the same time deliver warm water and electrical current in the form of direct current (DC) and alternating current (AC) and are working at a large angle range to the emitting radiation and their color can be adapted to that of the environment and which will not freeze at low temperatures.
Claims I claim: 1. A sun generator comprising: an inner tube filled with a first fluid; an outer tube surrounding said inner tube and filled with a second fluid in which magnetic particles are suspended, said first and second fluids being in a heat exchange relationship; an electrical heating element adjacent said inner tube and inside of said outer tube; a system of lenses located on said outer tube, said system of lenses receiving radiation and reflecting a part of the received radiation to said outer tube and said inner tube for heating of said first and second fluid mediums; a photovoltaic material integral with said system of lenses which produces a direct current when radiation impinges thereon, which direct current produces an active electromagnetic field in said material; a first circulating means for circulating said second fluid and the magnetic particles therein in said outer tube whereby said magnetic particles circulating in said second fluid generate an alternating current in conjunction with the electromagnetic field which is applied to said heating element to heat said second fluid directly and hence said first fluid; and a second circulating means for circulating said first fluid to obtain heat energy from said first fluid and to cool said second fluid. 2. A sun generator as claimed in claim 1: wherein said system of lenses is provided as a winding attached about said outer hose, said winding including a series of grooves on an outer surface thereof. 3. A sun generator as claimed in claim 1: wherein said second fluid is a liquid including an antifreeze agent therein; and wherein said magnetic particles are one of permanent or remanent magnetic particles. 4. A sun generator as claimed in claim 1: further including an expanded metal base to which said inner hose and said outer hose are mounted and which is adapted for mounting on a vertical structure. 5. A sun generator as claimed in claim 1: wherein said inner tube and said outer tube are made from a colorable thermoplastic elastomer which is transparent; and wherein said system of lenses is made from a material which is colorable. 6. A sun generator as claimed in claim 1: wherein said system of lenses is a radiation-transporting bundle of fibers; and wherein said photovoltaic material is integral with said fibers. 