A smart card (50) transfers information between the smart card and an external system (24) while having the capability of being accessed by a user. The smart card includes a microprocessing unit (MPU) (18) for executing instructions stored in memory, a display (28), coupled to the MPU, for displaying information, a keypad (26), coupled to the MPU and to the display, for entering data by the user, an interface (54,56) for transferring signals between smart card and the external system when the smart card is coupled to the external system, and photovoltaic cells (52) for providing power to the smart card when the smart card is exposed to light. The smart card does not require the use of a bulky and inflexible battery and since the solar cells used are flexible, the flexibility of the smart card is maintained.
Claims We claim: 1. A smart card for transferring information between the smart card and an external system, the smart card having the capability of being accessed by a user, the smart card comprising: a controller unit for controlling an operation of the smart card; a display, coupled to said controller unit, for displaying information; a keypad, coupled to said controller unit and to said display, for entering data by the user; an interface for transferring signals between the smart card and the external system when the smart card is coupled to the external system, wherein power may be provided to the smart card from the external system through said interface; a power source for providing power to the smart card when the smart card is exposed to light; and a power interface for selectively powering the smart card with either power from said power source or power from the external system via said interface. 2. The smart card of claim 1 wherein said power source includes photovoltaic cells. 3. The smart card of claim 1 wherein said power source includes solar cells. 4. The smart card of claim 1 wherein said power source is comprised of flexible solar cells thereby maintaining the flexibility of the smart card. 5. The smart card of claim 1 wherein power source is comprised of a plurality of individual solar cells mounted to the smart card and electrically coupled to obtain a desired power level and wherein each of the solar cells are mounted with separation between each other thereby maintaining the flexibility of the smart card. 6. The smart card of claim 1 wherein said interface is a contact interface whereby communication of information between the smart card and the external system is accomplished by the smart card coming into contact with the external system. 7. The smart card of claim 1 wherein said interface is a contactless interface whereby communication of information between the smart card and the external system is accomplished via wireless signals. 8. The smart card of claim 1 wherein said power source is utilized when the smart card is not in connection with the external system. 9. A method for powering a smart card that has the capability of being accessed by a user when not being coupled to an external system, the smart card being utilized for transferring information between the smart card and the external system, the smart card including a controller, a display, coupled to the controller for displaying information, a keypad, coupled to the controller and to the display, for entering data by the user, and an interface for transferring signals between the smart card and the external system when the smart card is coupled to the external system wherein power may be provided to the smart card from the external system through said interface, the method comprising the steps of: incorporating photovoltaic cells onto the smart card; and selectively powering the smart card with either power from said photovoltaic cells or power from the external system via said interface. 10. The method of claim 9 further including the step of utilizing the external system for providing power to the smart card when the smart card is coupled to the external system. 11. The method of claim 9 wherein said step of incorporating said photovoltaic cells includes the step of incorporating solar cells. 12. The method of claim 9 wherein said step of utilizing said photovoltaic cells includes the step of utilizing said photovoltaic cells when the smart card is not coupled to the external system. 13. The method according to claim 9 wherein the step of incorporating photovoltaic cells includes the steps of: mounting a plurality of individual solar cells onto the smart card; and electrically coupling said plurality of individual solar cells together to obtain a desired power level wherein each of the solar cells are mounted with separation between each other thereby maintaining flexibility of the smart card. 14. The method according to claim 9 wherein the step of incorporating photovoltaic cells includes the step of mounting flexible solar cells onto the smart card thereby maintaining flexibility of the smart card. 