The purpose of the present invention is to provide a handwriting information detecting method and apparatus for the same, in which a user can choose any handwriting tool such as a pen or a pencil, and when the user writes with the tool, the handwriting information can be detected. The handwriting information detecting method of the present invention comprises steps of detecting a motion of a writing tool, held by a writing tool holder comprising at least one acceleration sensor, based on at least one acceleration signal output from the at least one acceleration sensor when the writing tool is grasped by fingers; and recognizing handwriting information of a character or a figure written by the writing tool according to the detected motion thereof, and outputting the information. Preferably, the step of detecting a motion of a writing tool further comprises steps of detecting pressure acting on the tip of a finger which grasps the writing tool; and judging the motion of the writing tool according to the detected pressure. The handwriting information detecting apparatus of the present invention comprises a writing tool holder for detachably holding a writing tool; at least one acceleration sensor, provided at the writing tool holder, for detecting acceleration of the writing tool which is grasped by fingers; and a handwriting information recognition circuit for recognizing information of handwriting performed by the writing tool based on the output of the at least one acceleration sensor.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A handwriting information detecting method comprising the steps of: detachably holding a user selectable writing tool in a writing tool holder comprising at least one acceleration sensor; detecting a motion of the writing tool, held by the writing tool holder, based on at least one acceleration signal output from the at least one acceleration sensor when the writing tool is grasped by fingers; and recognizing handwriting information of a character or a figure written by the writing tool according to the detected motion thereof, and outputting the information. 2. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 1, wherein: X- and Y-axis acceleration sensors, the axes corresponding to those of the two dimensional rectangular coordinates assigned to a writing surface for the writing tool, are used as the at least one acceleration sensor; and the writing tool holder is oriented to a predetermined direction when the writing tool and the holder are grasped by the fingers, whereby the axial directions of the X- and Y-axis acceleration sensors are aligned in predetermined directions. 3. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 2, wherein a Z-axis acceleration sensor whose axial direction corresponds to the direction of the axis of the writing tool is further used as the at least one acceleration sensor. 4. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 3, wherein the axial direction of the Z-axis acceleration sensor is perpendicular to each of the axial directions of the X- and Y-axis acceleration sensors. 5. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 3, wherein: the step of detecting a motion of a writing tool is performed in a manner such that in case the acceleration signal output from the Z-axis acceleration sensor is a positive signal in an up motion of the writing tool, if the positive acceleration signal exceeds a predetermined positive threshold, it is judged that the writing tool is in an up-state, while if the negative acceleration signal exceeds a predetermined negative threshold, it is judged that the writing tool is in a down-state; while in case the acceleration signal output from the Z-axis acceleration sensor is a negative signal in an up motion of the writing tool, if the negative acceleration signal exceeds a predetermined negative threshold, it is judged that the writing tool is in a up-state, while if the positive acceleration signal exceeds a predetermined positive threshold, it is judged that the writing tool is in a down-state. 6. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 2, wherein: the step of detecting a motion of a writing tool comprises a step of twice integrating acceleration data which are represented by acceleration signals output from the X- and Y-axis acceleration sensors; and the step of recognizing and outputting the handwriting information involves recognizing the handwriting information based on results of the two-times integration. 7. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 2, wherein: the step of detecting a motion of a writing tool comprises a step of once integrating acceleration data which are represented by acceleration signals output from the X- and Y-axis acceleration sensors; and the step of recognizing and outputting the handwriting information involves recognizing the handwriting information based on results of the one-time integration. 8. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 2, wherein: the step of recognizing and outputting the handwriting information involves recognizing the handwriting information based on acceleration data which are represented by acceleration signals output from the X- and Y-axis acceleration sensors. 9. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the step of detecting a motion of a writing tool further comprises steps of: detecting pressure acting on the tip of a finger which grasps the writing tool; and judging the motion of the writing tool according to the detected pressure. 10. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 9, wherein: the step of judging the motion of the writing tool is performed in a manner such that if the detected pressure varies as if it exceeds a given down-threshold, the down motion of the writing tool has occurred, while if the detected pressure varies as if it goes below a given up-threshold, the up motion of the writing tool has occurred. 11. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 10, wherein: X- and Y-axis acceleration sensors, the axes corresponding to those of the two dimensional rectangular coordinates assigned to a writing surface for the writing tool, are used as the at least one acceleration sensor; and the writing tool holder is oriented to a predetermined direction when the writing tool and the holder are grasped by fingers, whereby the axial directions of the X- and Y-axis acceleration sensors are aligned in predetermined directions. 12. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 9, wherein the step of detecting pressure acting on the tip of a finger involves detecting pressure acting on the finger cushion of the tip of an index finger. 13. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 9, wherein the step of detecting pressure acting on the tip of a finger is performed by using a sensor selected from the group consisting of a pressure sensitive sensor, a strain gauge, and a pair of a light-emitting element and a light-receiving element. 14. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 13, wherein the strain gauge detects strain corresponding to a degree of deflection of an elastic beam which is pushed by the finger cushion of the tip of an index finger, the amount of the strain corresponding to the level of the pressure. 15. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 13, wherein: the pair of the light-emitting element and the light-receiving element is arranged in a manner such that the pair touches with the finger cushion of the tip of an index finger, and scattered light of near infrared light which is irradiated by the light-emitting element is received by the light-receiving element to be converted into a photoelectric pulse wave; and the step of judging the motion of the writing tool is performed based on a variation of the amplitude of the photoelectric pulse wave, the amplitude varying according to a variation of the pressure of the pushing of the light-emitting element and the light-receiving element into the finger cushion. 16. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the step of detecting a motion of a writing tool further comprises steps of: monitoring the neighborhood of the point of the writing tool and outputting pen-point monitoring information; and judging the motion of the writing tool according to the output pen-point monitoring information. 17. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 16, wherein the pen-point monitoring information is image information. 18. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 17, wherein the step of judging the motion of the writing tool comprises steps of: taking up a first monitor image at a time t; taking up a second monitor image when a preset time has passed from the time t; and detecting difference between the first and second images, and the judgment is performed based on the first and second images, and the detected difference. 19. A handwriting information detecting method as claimed in claim 18, wherein the step of judging the motion of the writing tool further comprises steps of: judging whether or not the background image except the point of the writing tool is blank for both of the first and second images; recognizing that the writing tool is not in the midst of a stroke if judged that the background image is blank for both of the first and second images in the step of judging whether the background image is blank for the images, while if judged that it is not blank for any one of images in the same step, further judging whether or not any difference exists between the first and second images; recognizing that the writing tool is in the midst of a stroke if judged that any difference exists in the step of judging whether the difference exists, while if judged that no difference exists in the same step, further judging whether or not the background image except the point of the writing tool is blank for the first image; recognizing that the time t is a starting point of a stroke of the writing tool if judged that the background image is blank in the step of judging whether the background image is blank for the first image, while if judged that it is not blank in the same step, recognizing that the time t is an end point of a stroke of the writing tool; judging whether or not any writing occurs in a further predetermined time when time t is recognized as the end point of the stroke; and recognizing that writing of a character has finished if judged that no further writing has occurred in the step of judging whether any writing occurs, while if judged that some further writing has occurred in the same step, recognizing that another new stroke starts. 20. A handwriting information detecting apparatus comprising: a writing tool holder for detachably holding a user selectable writing tool; at least one acceleration sensor, provided at the writing tool holder, for detecting acceleration of the writing tool which is grasped by fingers; and a handwriting information recognition circuit for recognizing information of handwriting performed by the writing tool based on the output of the at least one acceleration sensor. 21. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 20, wherein the writing tool holder comprises: a holding part for detachably holding a writing tool by clamping the writing tool from both sides of its axis; and a means for elastically urging the holding part. 22. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 20, wherein the writing tool holder comprises: an insertion part wherein a writing tool is inserted; and a pressing and fixing means, provided at the insertion part, for detachably pressing and fixing the writing tool. 23. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 20, wherein: X- and Y-axis acceleration sensors, the axes corresponding to those of the two dimensional rectangular coordinates assigned to a writing surface for the writing tool, are provided as the at least one acceleration sensor; and the writing tool holder is grasped with the writing tool by the fingers, and has a grasping part for orienting the direction of the writing tool holder so as to align the axial directions of the X- and Y-axis acceleration sensors in predetermined directions. 24. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 23, wherein a Z-axis acceleration sensor whose axial direction corresponds to the axis of the writing tool is further used as the at least one acceleration sensor. 25. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 24, wherein the axial direction of the Z-axis acceleration sensor is perpendicular to each of the axial directions of the X- and Y-axis acceleration sensors. 26. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 23, wherein the handwriting information recognition circuit comprises: an amplifier for amplifying and outputting each signal output from each of the X- and Y-axis acceleration sensors; an integrator for integrating acceleration data which are represented by the amplified acceleration signals output from the amplifier and outputting handwriting data of the writing tool; and a recognizer for recognizing the handwriting information according to the handwriting data from the integrator. 27. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 26, wherein the integrator twice integrates the acceleration data. 28. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 20, wherein: the recognized handwriting information is character information, and the apparatus further comprising a signal transmitter for coding and outputting the character information. 29. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 20, further comprising: an elastic beam which is projected from the writing tool holder, wherein the tip of the index finger touches the end of the beam; and a pressure detecting means, provided at the elastic beam, for detecting pressure which is applied by the finger tip to the elastic beam, wherein the handwriting information recognition circuit recognizes the handwriting information based on output of the pressure detecting means in addition to the output of the at least one acceleration sensor. 30. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 29, wherein the pressure detecting means has a sensor selected from the group consisting of a pressure sensitive sensor fixed on the end of the elastic beam, a pair of a light-emitting element and a light-receiving element, and a strain gauge fixed on a part near the root of the elastic beam. 31. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 29, wherein: X- and Y-axis acceleration sensors, the axes corresponding to those of the two dimensional rectangular coordinates assigned to a writing surface for the writing tool, are provided as the at least one acceleration sensor; and the writing tool holder is grasped with the writing tool by the fingers, and has a grasping part for orienting the direction of the writing tool holder so as to align the axial directions of the X- and Y-axis acceleration sensors in predetermined directions. 32. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 20, further comprising a display for displaying the handwriting information output from the handwriting information recognition circuit. 33. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 32, wherein the display is an LCD. 34. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 20, further comprising a receiving-signal display for receiving and displaying an information signal transmitted from an external device. 35. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 20, further comprising: a photographic monitor means for monitoring and taking pictures of the neighborhood of the point of the writing tool and outputting a pen-point monitoring picture signal; and the handwriting information recognition circuit recognizes the handwriting information based on the output of the pen-point monitoring picture signal in addition to the output of the at least one acceleration sensor. 36. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 35, wherein the photographic monitor means is selected from the group consisting of a CCD monitor camera and an image pick-up tube monitor. 37. A handwriting information detecting apparatus as claimed in claim 20, comprising a power source which includes solar cells. 