A telecommunications equipment enclosure, designed to be placed outdoors at a remote location, houses equipment to provide a large number of voice channels, an AC power supply, an AC/DC distribution panel, protector panels, a back-up battery plant, multiplexers, a fiber distribution panel, and a separate cable splice area. Other equipment may also be housed in the enclosure if needed. The enclosure is configurable to customers' requirements, and is extremely small and densely packed relative to its channel capacity.
Claims We claim: 1. A telecommunications equipment enclosure comprising: a housing; a fixed rack within said housing mounting a first plurality of telecommunications equipment; a swing rack mounted swingably within said housing mounting a second plurality of telecommunications equipment, said swing rack pivotably attached to said housing and having an extended position and a retracted position, said swing rack being disposed within said housing when it is in the retracted position, and being disposed outside said housing when it is in the extended position thereby providing complete access to a rear portion of said second plurality of telecommunications equipment mounted on said swing rack and simultaneously providing access to a rear portion of said first plurality of telecommunications equipment mounted on said fixed rack; cooling means, mounted within said housing, for circulating air within said housing; battery plant means, fixedly mounted to an external surface of said housing, for providing backup power to said first and second pluralities of telecommunications equipment. 2. The enclosure of claim 1, wherein said housing has a plurality of external sides, a top, and a bottom, said enclosure further including at least one internal bulkhead defining a separate cable splice compartment, the cable splice compartment having a cable splice compartment door located in one of said external sides of the housing for providing access to the cable splice compartment without enabling access to components in said first and second pluralities of telecommunications equipment. 3. The enclosure according to claim 2, wherein the cable splice compartment door has locking and latching means for keeping said cable splice compartment door securely closed. 4. The enclosure according to claim 2, wherein the cable splice compartment door has a bracket for securing it in an open position away from said housing. 5. The enclosure according to claim 2, wherein the cable splice compartment door has an alarm means for signaling whenever said cable splice compartment door is open. 6. The enclosure according to claim 2, wherein the cable splice compartment door has a gasket disposed between itself and the housing for preventing water and dust from entering the housing. 7. The enclosure of claim 1, wherein said housing has a plurality of external sides, a top, and a bottom, the enclosure further comprising a fixed rack access door located in one of said external sides of the housing for providing access to said fixed rack and said first plurality of telecommunications equipment. 8. The enclosure according to claim 7, wherein the fixed rack access door has locking and latching means for keeping said fixed rack access door securely closed. 9. The enclosure according to claim 7, wherein the fixed rack access door has a bracket for securing it in an open position away from said housing. 10. The enclosure according to claim 7, wherein the fixed rack access door has an alarm means for signaling whenever said fixed rack access door is open. 11. The enclosure according to claim 7, wherein the fixed rack access door has a gasket disposed between itself and the housing for preventing water and dust from entering the housing. 12. The enclosure according to claim 7, wherein the fixed rack access door defines one of said external sides of said housing. 13. The enclosure of claim 1, wherein said housing has a plurality of sides, a top and a bottom, said enclosure further comprising a swing rack access door located in one of said external sides of the housing for providing access to said swing rack, wherein said swing rack access door swings in a first direction away from said housing to an open position and said swing rack swings in a second direction away from said housing when said swing rack access door is in said open position. 14. The enclosure according to claim 13, wherein the swing rack access door has locking and latching means for keeping said swing rack access door securely closed. 15. The enclosure according to claim 13, wherein the swing rack access door has a bracket for securing it in an open position away from said housing. 16. The enclosure according to claim 13, wherein the swing rack access door has an alarm means for signaling whenever said swing rack access door is open. 17. The enclosure according to claim 13, wherein the swing rack access door has a gasket disposed between itself and the housing for preventing water and dust from entering the housing. 18. The enclosure according to claim 13, wherein the swing rack access door defines one of said external sides of said housing. 19. The enclosure of claim 1, wherein said housing has a plurality of external sides, a top, and a bottom, wherein said battery plant means is attached to said bottom of said housing, said battery plant means having at least one battery for providing emergency power to said first and second pluralities of telecommunications equipment mounted in said housing. 20. The enclosure of claim 1, wherein said battery plant means has from zero to three strings of batteries, each of said strings containing four batteries, for providing emergency power to said first and second pluralities of telecommunications equipment mounted in said housing. 21. The enclosure of claim 1, further comprising an AC/DC distribution panel, fixedly mounted to the bottom of said housing, to provide power to said first and second pluralities of telecommunications equipment and to said cooling means. 22. The enclosure of claim 1, wherein said cooling means comprises at least one fan shelf mounted in at least one of said fixed rack and said swing rack. 23. The enclosure according to claim 1, further comprising a coating of powder coat paint disposed over an outer surface of said housing to reduce solar loading. 24. The enclosure according to claim 1, wherein said fixed rack and said swing rack are arranged for mounting the first and second pluralities of telecommunications equipment comprising equipment selected from the group consisting of a digital loop carrier, a protector panel, a fiber distribution panel, a cross-connect panel, a power supply and a multiplexer. 25. A telecommunications equipment enclosure comprising: a generally rectilinear housing having a plurality of external sides, a top, a bottom and at least one internal bulkhead defining a separate cable splice compartment, the cable splice compartment having a cable splice compartment door located in a first external side of the housing for providing access to the cable splice compartment only; a fixed rack, located inside the housing, for mounting a first plurality of telecommunications equipment within the housing; a fixed rack access door defining a second external side of the housing for providing access to the fixed rack and the first plurality of telecommunications equipment; a swing rack for mounting a second plurality of telecommunications equipment, said swing rack being pivotably attached to the housing and having an extended position and a retracted position, said swing rack being disposed within the housing when it is in the retracted position, and being disposed outside the housing when it is in the extended position, thereby providing access to a rear portion of the second plurality of telecommunications equipment mounted on the swing rack and simultaneously providing access to a rear portion of the first plurality of telecommunications equipment mounted on the fixed rack; a swing rack access door defining a third external side of the housing for providing access to the swing rack, wherein said swing rack access door swings in a first direction to allow said swing rack mount to pivot away from said housing in a second, opposite direction; a battery plant attached to a fourth external side of the housing, outside the housing and having at least one battery for providing emergency power to the telecommunications equipment mounted in the housing; and cooling means for circulating air inside the housing. 26. The enclosure according to claim 25, further comprising an AC/DC distribution panel, fixedly mounted to the bottom of the housing, to provide power to the first and second pluralities of telecommunications equipment and to the cooling means. 27. The enclosure according to claim 25, wherein the cooling means comprises at least one fan shelf mounted in at least one of the fixed rack or the swing rack. 28. The enclosure according to claim 25, wherein the cable splice compartment door, the fixed rack access door, and the swing rack access door each have locking and latching means for keeping them securely closed. 29. The enclosure according to claim 25, wherein the cable splice compartment door, the fixed rack access door, and the swing rack access door each have a bracket for securing them in the open position during service. 30. The enclosure according to claim 25 further comprising alarm means, connected to at least one of the cable splice compartment door, the fixed rack access door, and the swing rack access door, for signaling when any one of said doors are open. 31. The enclosure according to claim 25, further comprising a plurality of gaskets, disposed respectively between the housing and the cable splice compartment door, the fixed rack access door, and the swing rack access door, for preventing water and dust from entering the housing. 32. The enclosure according to claim 25, further comprising a coating of powder coat paint disposed over an outer surface of said housing to reduce solar loading. 33. The enclosure of claim 25, wherein said battery plant has from zero to three strings of batteries, each of said strings containing four batteries, for providing emergency power to said first and second pluralities of telecommunications equipment mounted in said housing. 34. The enclosure according to claim 25, wherein said fixed rack and said swing rack are arranged for mounting the telecommunications equipment comprising equipment selected from the group consisting of a digital loop carrier, a protector panel, a fiber distribution panel, a cross-connect panel, a power supply and a multiplexer. 