An apparatus and a method for predicting an earthquake are disclosed. The apparatus employs a set of two electrodes for measuring the vertical component of the gradient of the electrical field due to the capillary movement and the surface evaporation of the ground water, a humidity sensor for measuring the humidity of the soil surface, and a temperature sensor for measuring the temperature of the soil surface. The correlation coefficient between the changes in the electrical field gradient due to changes in the surface temperature related to the water evaporation from the soil surface is calculated. The correlation coefficient changes its sign at the time of appearance of the earthquake precursor.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for predicting an earthquake, said apparatus comprising: a sensing circuit for measuring the electrical, temperature, and humidity parameters of soil and for generating a sensing signal, wherein said sensing signal is related to the measured electrical, temperature, and humidity parameters of the soil; a processing circuit conductively connected to said sensing circuit for receiving said sensing signal, for processing said sensing signal, and for generating a prediction signal; a receiving circuit conductively connected to said processing circuit for receiving a command signal from a remotely located central station to initiate the transmission of said prediction signal; and a transmitting circuit conductively connected to said processing circuit for transmitting said prediction signal to a customer; whereby said prediction signal informs the customer about the forthcoming earthquake. 2. The apparatus of claim 1; wherein said sensing circuit further includes: a water humidity sensor for monitoring the soil humidity changes W; a temperature sensor for measuring the changes in the temperature T.sub.s of the soil surface; and a pair of electrodes for measuring the changes in the vertical component U.sub.h of the electrical field gradient associated with the mechanical movement of the soil water, a first electrode being located at a certain depth h.sub.0 beneath an earth surface, wherein said depth h.sub.0 is determined by the depth of the quartz containing hard rock layer, and a second electrode being located beneath an earth surface at a certain depth h.sub.1 substantially close to an earth surface; wherein K is a correlation factor between the changes in the vertical component of the electrical field gradient U.sub.h and the changes in the temperature of the soil T.sub.s due to the electrokinetical effect associated with the vertical movement of the soil water when the soil water evaporates at the earth surface level; and wherein a forecast parameter F(K, .tau.) for said position P is a function of said correlation factor K and a time .tau., and wherein said forecast parameter F (K, .tau.) can be calculated by summing the filtered variations of said correlation factor K over time .tau. starting at the time moment .tau.=.tau..sub.0 when said factor K starts to become negative and ending at the time moment .tau.=.tau..sub.m when said factor K reaches the minimum value; and wherein said sensing signal is related to said soil humidity changes W, to said changes in the temperature T.sub.s of the soil surface, and to said changes in the vertical component U.sub.h of the electrical field gradient associated with the mechanical movement of the soil water; and wherein said prediction signal is related to said forecast parameter F. 3. The apparatus of claim 2; wherein said first electrode is located at the depth h.sub.0 substantially equal to 1 meter beneath an earth surface. 4. The apparatus of claim 2; wherein said second electrode is located at the depth h.sub.1 substantially equal to (0.1-0.3) meters beneath an earth surface. 5. The apparatus of claim 1; wherein said processing circuit further comprises: a measurement and control circuit for receiving said sensing signal, for processing said sensing signal, and for generating a prediction signal (PS) to be transmitted; and a battery circuit connected to said measurement and control circuit for supplying energy to said measurement and control circuit. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein said battery circuit further includes: a solar panel being exposed to the light intensity for transforming the light energy into the electrical energy; and a storage battery for storing the electrical energy generated by said solar panel and for supplying said processing circuit with electrical energy. 7. The apparatus of claim 5 further including: a feeding and junction circuit for routing a functional control signal received from said central station and for monitoring of said apparatus. 8. A network of measurement stations for earthquake prediction, said network comprising: a central station for generating a command signal; wherein said central station is located outside the area of measurement; a plurality of measurement stations, each said station generating an earthquake prediction signal at the place of said station location; wherein each said measurement station includes an apparatus comprising: a sensing circuit for measuring the electrical, temperature, and humidity parameters of soil and for generating a sensing signal, wherein said sensing signal is related to the measured electrical, temperature, and humidity parameters of the soil; a processing circuit conductively connected to said sensing circuit for receiving said sensing signal, for processing said sensing signal, and for generating a prediction signal; a receiving circuit conductively connected to said processing circuit for receiving said command signal from said remotely located central station to initiate the transmission of said prediction signal; and a transmitting circuit conductively connected to said processing circuit for transmitting said prediction signal to said remotely located central station; and a data processing center connected to said central station for processing each prediction signal generated by each measurement station and for determination the epicenter location, the magnitude, and the time of occurrence of the forthcoming earthquake. 9. The network of measurement stations for earthquake prediction of claim 8, wherein said plurality of measurement stations further comprises: at least five measurement stations for generating at least five earthquake prediction signals for defining the epicenter location of the forthcoming earthquake. 10. The network of measurement stations for earthquake prediction of claim 8 further comprising: a plurality of relay stations, each said relay station connecting one said measurement station and said central station for transmitting one said earthquake prediction signal from said measurement station to said central station, and for transmitting the command signal from said central station to said measurement station. 11. A method of forecasting earthquakes as a function of correlation K between the changes in the vertical component of the electrical field gradient U.sub.h and the changes in the temperature of the soil surface T.sub.s, said method comprising the steps of: (a) positioning a pair of electrodes beneath the earth surface at a first position P.sub.1 with coordinates (X.sub.1, Y.sub.1, Z.sub.1 ; (b) positioning a temperature sensor for measuring the changes in the temperature T.sub.s of the soil surface for said position P.sub.1 ; (c) calculating a correlation factor K.sub.1 between variation of the vertical component of the electrical field gradient U.sub.h and variation of the temperature changes of the soil T.sub.s due to the electrokinetical effect associated with the vertical movement of the soil water when the soil water evaporates at the earth surface level for said first position P.sub.1 ; (d) positioning a water humidity sensor for monitoring the soil humidity content W.sub.1 for said position P.sub.1 in order to filter out variation of the correlation factor K.sub.1 due to changes of the soil humidity associated with the non-earthquake factors; (e) calculating a forecast parameter F.sub.1 (K.sub.1, .tau.) for said position P.sub.1 as a function of K.sub.1 and .tau. by summing the filtered variations of said correlation factor K.sub.1 over time .tau. starting at the time moment .tau.=.tau..sub.01 when K.sub.1 starts to become negative and ending at the time moment .tau.=.tau..sub.m1 when K.sub.1 reaches the minimum; (f) calculating parameters B.sub.1 and A.sub.1 for the position P.sub.1, by averaging the forecast parameter F.sub.1 over substantial number of prior earthquakes that occurred at position P.sub.1, wherein parameter B.sub.1 is related to a location of the epicenter of a forthcoming earthquake, and wherein A.sub.1 is related to the physical properties of the local place of position P.sub.1 ; (g) repeating the steps (c)-(f) for calculating (n-1) correlation factors (K.sub.2, . . . K.sub.n), and (n-1) forecast parameters (F.sub.2 (K.sub.2, .tau.), . . . F.sub.n (K.sub.n, .tau.)), and parameters (A.sub.2, . . . A.sub.n ; B.sub.2, . . . B.sub.n) for (n-1) positions P.sub.2, . . . P.sub.n, b being an integer; and (h) predicting the time of occurrence, magnitude, and epicenter of the forthcoming earthquake by using `n` values (F.sub.1 (K.sub.1, .tau.), F.sub.2 (K.sub.2, .tau.), . . . F.sub.n (K.sub.n, .tau.)) of the forecast parameters extrapolated for large earthquake magnitudes. 12. The method of claim 11; wherein the forecast parameters are assumed to have the following representations: wherein A.sub.1 and r.sub.1 are related to a location of the first place of measurement P.sub.1 ; wherein A.sub.2 and r.sub.2 are related to a location of the second place of measurement P.sub.2 ; wherein A.sub.3 and r.sub.3 are related to a location of the third place of measurement P.sub.3 ; and wherein A.sub.n and r.sub.n are related to a location of the n-th place of measurement P.sub.n ; and wherein parameter `d` is related to the magnitude of the forthcoming earthquake; and wherein parameter `b` is related to a particular theoretical model for the elastic energy stored in the forthcoming earthquake. 13. The method of claim 12; wherein in case of strong earthquakes the parameter K.sub.1 is substituted for parameter K.sub.2 =U.sub.h /T.sub.S. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein the step of predicting the time of occurrence of the forthcoming earthquake further includes the steps of: calculating the average correlation factor <K>; calculating the average period of time .tau..sub.a between the moment of time .tau..sub.m when the average correlation factor <K> has its minimum and the start of the earthquake; calculating the function .tau..sub.a (d); and extrapolating the dependance .tau..sub.a (d) for large d that corresponds to earthquakes with the large magnitudes, wherein .tau..sub.a (d.fwdarw..infin.) is the time of occurrence of a forthcoming earthquake. 15. The method of claim 11, wherein the step of predicting the location of the forthcoming earthquake further includes the steps of: providing a network of at least five measurement stations for earthquake prediction; and generating at least five earthquake prediction signals for definition of the epicenter location of a forthcoming earthquake. 16. The method of claim 11, wherein the step of predicting the magnitude of the forthcoming earthquake further includes the step of: calculating the magnitude of the forthcoming earthquake as a function of the parameter d. 