An integrated restraint/release/deployment initiation device 40 suitable for use with mechanisms such as solar panel arrays 22 on a space-based support structure such as a satellite 20 is disclosed. The device 40 comprises a releasable restraining mechanism 70, 90, 92 for applying restraining force to a stowed solar panel array to substantially prevent lateral movement of the solar panels 26a-26d relative to each other and to substantially prevent movement of the solar panel array relative to the support structure. The restraining mechanism provides an adjustable pre-load and tilt adjustment for the solar panel array. A non-explosive actuated releasing mechanism 42, 46 is provided to rapidly release the restraining force applied to the stowed solar panel array. The device also comprises a deployment initiation mechanism 82, 84, 88 which applies a biasing force to the solar panel array in response to actuation of the releasing mechanism to urge the solar panel array to the unfolded condition away from the support structure.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An integrated device for the restraint, release and deployment initiation of a deployable mechanism mounted on a support structure, the mechanism being operable between a stowed condition and a deployed condition, the device comprising: a) a base for mounting the device to the support structure, the base supporting the mechanism in the stowed condition; b) releasable restraining means connected in fixed relation to the base in the stowed condition for applying restraining force to the stowed mechanism to substantially prevent movement of the mechanism relative to the support structure; c) non-explosive actuated releasing means connected to the restraining means for rapidly releasing the restraining force applied to the stowed mechanism; and d) deployment initiation means fixed to the base in a compressed state in the stowed condition and remaining fixed to the base in an expanded state in the deployed condition of the mechanism for applying a push off force to the mechanism in response to actuation of the releasing means thereby urging the mechanism to the deployed condition away from the support structure. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the deployable mechanism is selected from the group consisting of solar panel arrays, antennas, booms and support members. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein the support structure is a space-based structure. 4. The device of claim 3, wherein the space-based structure is a satellite. 5. An integrated device for the restraint, release and deployment initiation of a deployable solar panel array mounted on a space-based support structure, the solar panel array being operable between a stowed condition and an unfolded condition, the device comprising: a) a base for mounting the device to the support structure, the base supporting the solar panel array in the stowed condition; b) releasable restraining means connected in fixed relation to the base in the stowed condition for applying restraining force to the stowed solar panel array to substantially prevent lateral movement of the solar panels relative to each other and to substantially prevent movement of the stowed solar panel array relative to the support structure; c) non-explosive actuated releasing means connected to the restraining means for rapidly releasing the restraining force applied to the stowed solar panel array; and d) deployment initiation means for applying a biasing force to the solar panel array in response to actuation of the releasing means thereby urging the stowed solar panel array to the unfolded condition away from the support structure, wherein the restraining means is separated from fixed relation to the base from the stowed to the unfolded condition, and wherein such separation is irreversible. 6. The device of claim 5, wherein the restraining means comprises a plurality of brackets, each of which is attached to one of the solar panels of the solar panel array, the base having a serrated surface which supports the solar panel array in the stowed condition, the brackets each having a serrated surface on at least one of opposite faces of the brackets, the serrated surface on the base interlocking with the serrated surface of a panel and the serrated surfaces of adjacent solar panels interlocking with each other in the stowed condition to substantially prevent lateral movement of the solar panels relative to each other. 7. The device of claim 6, wherein the restraining means further comprises adjustment means for applying an adjustable compressive pre-load to the stowed solar panel array, the pre-load acting through the interlocked brackets to substantially prevent lateral movement of the solar panels relative to each other and to substantially prevent movement of the stowed solar panel array relative to the support structure. 8. The device of claim 7, wherein the adjustment means comprises a fastener fastened to the base and to the releasing means, the fastener being selectively adjustable to vary the pre-load applied to the stowed solar panel array. 9. The device of claim 8, wherein the adjustment means further comprises tilt adjustment means for correcting tilt misalignment of the stowed solar panel array relative to the support structure. 10. The device of claim 5, wherein the base has a cavity and an opening in communication with the cavity, the deployment initiation means comprises a first spring biased element received in the cavity prior to actuation of the releasing means, a portion of the first spring biased element protruding through the opening so as to contact and urge the solar panel array to the unfolded condition away from the support structure in response to actuation of the releasing means. 11. The device of claim 10, wherein the first spring biased element comprises a spring guide, and at least one coil spring and a contact element disposed on the spring guide, the spring guide, the coil spring and the contact element being housed in the cavity in the stowed condition, the contact element protruding through the opening so as to contact and urge the solar panel array to the unfolded condition away from the support structure in response to actuation of the releasing means. 12. The device of claim 5, wherein the releasing means comprises a non-explosive separation nut assembly including a releasable separation bolt, the device further comprising assist means for assisting in the release of the separation bolt from the separation nut assembly in response to actuation of the separation nut assembly. 13. The device of claim 12, wherein the assist means comprises a second spring biased element which asserts a force on the separation bolt to urge the separation bolt from the separation nut assembly in response to actuation of the separation nut assembly. 14. The device of claim 13, further comprising means provided on the restraining means for catching the separation bolt subsequent to separation from the separation nut assembly. 15. The device of claim 5, further comprising a resilient member mounted on the releasing means for urging the solar panel array away from the support structure subsequent to the release of the restraining force. 16. An integrated device for the restraint, release and deployment initiation of a solar panel array mounted on a support structure, the solar panel array being operable between a stowed condition and a deployed condition, the device comprising: a) a base for mounting the device to the support structure, the base having a support surface for supporting the solar panel array in the stowed condition; b) a plurality of brackets, each of which is attached to one of the solar panels of the solar panel array, the brackets interlocking with each other in the stowed condition; c) a non-explosive, rapidly actuated release mechanism including a separation bolt, the separation bolt being connected to one of the brackets in the stowed condition; d) an adjustment bolt fastened to the release mechanism for adjusting a compressive pre-load applied to the stowed solar panel array through the brackets, the pre-load substantially preventing lateral movement of the interlocked solar panels of the solar panel array relative to each other and substantially preventing movement of the solar panel array relative to the support structure; and e) a first resilient biasing mechanism provided on the base for applying a biasing force to the solar panel array in response to actuation of the release mechanism thereby urging the solar panel array to the deployed condition away from the support structure. 17. The device of claim 16, further comprising a second resilient biasing mechanism provided on one of the brackets for urging the separation bolt from the release mechanism in response to actuation of the release mechanism. 18. The device of claim 16, further comprising a pair of spherical washer sets on the adjustment bolt for correcting tilt misalignment of the stowed solar panel array. 19. The device of claim 16, wherein the support surface of the base is serrated, the brackets each having a serrated surface on at least one of opposite faces of the brackets, the serrated support surface on the base interlocking with the serrated surface of one of the brackets and the serrated surfaces of the brackets attached to adjacent solar panels interlocking with each other in the stowed condition to substantially prevent lateral movement of the solar panels relative to each other. 20. In combination: a) a deployable mechanism for mounting on a support structure, the mechanism being operable between a stowed condition and a deployed condition; and b) at least one integrated device for the restraint, release and deployment initiation of the mechanism, the device comprising: i) a base for mounting the device to the support structure, the base supporting the mechanism in the stowed condition; ii) a releasable restraining means connected in fixed relation to the base in the stowed condition for applying restraining force to the stowed mechanism to substantially prevent movement of the stowed mechanism relative to the support structure; iii) non-explosive actuated releasing means connected to the restraining means for rapidly releasing the restraining force applied to the stowed mechanism; and iv) deployment initiation means for applying a biasing force to the mechanism in response to actuation of the releasing means thereby urging the stowed mechanism to the deployed condition away from the support structure wherein the restraining means is separated from fixed relation to the base from the stowed to the deployed condition, and wherein such separation is irreversible. 21. The combination of claim 20, wherein the deployable mechanism is selected from the group consisting of solar panel arrays, antennas, booms and support members. 22. The combination of claim 20, wherein the support structure is a space-based structure. 23. The combination of claim 22, wherein the space-based structure is a satellite. 24. The combination of claim 20, wherein the deployable mechanism is a solar panel array and the support structure is a satellite, a plurality of the devices being located about the perimeter of the solar panel array. 25. The combination of claim 24, wherein the releasing means of the devices are substantially simultaneously actuated. 26. The combination of claim 24, wherein the restraining means of the devices substantially prevent lateral movement of the solar panels of the stowed solar panel array relative to each other. 27. The combination of claim 26, wherein the solar panels of the solar panel array are connected to each other by strain release hinges, the hinges being in a folded condition in the stowed condition of the solar panel array, and the hinges unfolding so as to urge the deployment of the solar panels in response to actuation of the releasing means. 28. An integrated device for the restraint, release and deployment initiation of a deployable mechanism mounted on a support structure, the mechanism being operable between a stowed condition and a deployed condition, the device comprising: a) a base for mounting the device to the support structure, the base supporting the mechanism in the stowed condition; b) restraining means connected in fixed relation to the base in the stowed condition for applying restraining force to the stowed mechanism to substantially prevent movement of the mechanism relative to the support structure; c) releasing means connected to the restraining means for releasing the restraining force applied to the stowed mechanism; and d) deployment initiation means for applying a biasing force to the mechanism in response to actuation of the releasing means thereby urging the mechanism to the deployed condition away from the support structure, wherein the restraining means is separated from fixed relation to the base from the stowed to the deployed condition, and wherein such separation is irreversible. 29. The device of claim 28, wherein the deployment initiation means is fixed to the base in a compressed state in the stowed condition and remains fixed to the base in an expanded state in the deployed condition of the mechanism. 30. An integrated device for the restraint, release and deployment initiation of a deployable mechanism mounted on a support structure, the mechanism being operable between a stowed condition and a deployed condition, the device comprising: a) a base for mounting to the support structure, the base supporting the deployable mechanism in a fixed relation in the stowed condition; b) a restraint disposed to apply a restraining force to the stowed mechanism to substantially prevent movement of the stowed mechanism relative to the base and to the support structure; c) a release connected to the restraint for releasing the restraining force applied to the stowed mechanism; and d) a deployment initiator fixedly disposed at the base for applying a biasing force to the mechanism in response to actuation of the release so as to urge the mechanism to the deployed condition away from the support structure, wherein the mechanism is released from said fixed relation to the base from the stowed to the deployed condition, and wherein such release from said fixed relation is irreversible. 