An apparatus and method for controlling the air condition and heating within a vehicle interior compartment, in which the apparatus includes a fan (13), heat exchangers (14, 15), temperature sensors (26, 27, 28) and a solar sensor (29) and temperature control (47) for setting a desired temperature. The apparatus further includes a control unit (46) which is operative to calculate a theoretical interior temperature T.sub.I based only upon information from sensors (26, 29) sensing the external heat load of the compartment, a sensor (27) sensing the temperature of the air supplied to the compartment and fan current representative of the volume of air supplied to the compartment. The control unit (46) compares this theoretical interior temperature T.sub.I with the preset temperature T.sub.ISet , calculates the difference .DELTA.T.sub.I, and then controls air flow and mixed temperature T.sub.M to readjust or maintain the interior temperature within the compartment (19) at the preset temperature T.sub.ISet.
Claims We claim: 1. A method of environmental control of the interior of a motor vehicle the vehicle having an environmental control apparatus including a fan for supplying an air flow to the interior of the vehicle and a heat exchanger which can vary the temperature of the airflow from the fan, said method comprising: presetting a desired interior temperature, detecting the exterior ambient temperature of air external of the vehicle, detecting a mixed air temperature of air in the air flow from the fan to the interior of the vehicle, and detecting the volume of air flow from the fan to the interior of the vehicle, detecting radiation energy entering the vehicle, and producing a theoretical interior temperature value calculated from ambient air temperature, mixed air temperature, radiation intensity and airflow, and comparing the theoretical temperature value with the preset temperature value to produce a temperature difference, which is utilized to control air flow and mixed air temperature in order to achieve and maintain the desired preset interior temperature. 2. A control method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the radiation energy is solar energy. 3. A control method as claimed in claim 2, wherein the solar energy is measured as a function of solar intensity and solar elevation. 4. A control method as claimed in claim 3, wherein the calculated temperature is given by the following equation; where: Temperatures are in C.degree., Celsius degrees. a-c are constants, I.sub.F is blower fan current in ampere (A), T.sub.A is ambient air temperature and T.sub.M is mixed air temperature, T.sub.I is the calculated interior space temperature, S.sub.E is angle of elevation of the sun (the Zenith =90.degree.), S.sub.I is the solar intensity measured in W/m.sup.2, E has in general a cosinus characteristic, but depending on window angle and size, f(T.sub.M T.sub.A. . . ) is a function for calculating a start/previous value for T.sub.I. 5. A control method as claimed in claim 3 for a two zoned interior space, wherein calculated temperatures for two zones are given by equations: for one zone, and for the second zone, where a-c and g are constants I.sub.Fr is the blowerfan current (airflow) , first zone, in ampere (A), I.sub.FI is the blowerfan current (airflow), second zone, in ampere (A), T.sub.A is the ambient air temperature in degrees C.degree., T.sub.Mr is the mixed air temperature, first zone, in degrees celsius ( C.degree.), T.sub.MI is the mixed air temperature, second zone, in degrees celsius (C.degree.), T.sub.Ir is the, first zone, calculated interior temperature in degrees C.degree., T.sub.ll is the, second zone, calculated interior temperature in degrees C.degree., S.sub.E is the angle of elevation of the sun in degrees (Zenith =90.degree.), S.sub.I is the solar intensity measured in W/m.sup.2, E has in general a cosinus characteristic, but depending on window angle and size, f.sub.1 (T.sub.Mr,T.sub.A,. . . ) is a function for calculate a start-/previous value for T.sub.Ir, f.sub.2 (T.sub.MI,T.sub.A,. . . ) is a function for calculate a start-/previous value for T.sub.ll, f.sub.2 (S.sub.Ar) is a function for calculate the solarload of the first zone, f.sub.2 (S.sub.AI) is a function for calculate the solarload of the second zone. 6. Apparatus for environmental control of the interior of a motor vehicle, the apparatus comprising: a fan supplying an air flow to the vehicle interior; an ambient air temperature sensor for monitoring ambient air temperature; a radiation detector for measuring the intensity of radiation entering the interior of the vehicle; at least one heat exchanger to control the temperature of the air flow from the fan; mixed air temperature sensor for sensing the temperature of air in the air flow from the fan to the vehicle interior; preset means for presetting a desired interior temperature value; air flow control means for controlling the air flow from the fan to the vehicle interior; and a control unit connected to the ambient air temperature and mixed air temperature sensors, the radiation detector and the heat exchanger for (i) calculating a theoretical interior temperature based on the ambient air temperature, the mixed air temperature, the radiation intensity, and the air flow from the fan, (ii) comparing the calculated theoretical temperature value with the preset desired temperature value,,and (iii) controlling the fan, the air flow control means and the heat exchanger in accordance with the difference between the calculated theoretical temperature/value and the preset desired temperature value to control air flow and mixed temperature to achieve and maintain the preset desired interior temperature value. 7. Apparatus as claimed in claim 6, wherein the heat exchanger comprises evaporator means for cooling the air being supplied by the fan and a heater located downstream of the evaporator for heating air directed thereto. 8. Apparatus as claimed in claim 7, wherein the air flow control means includes distributor means for controlling the percentage of cooled air which is directed to the heater in order to achieve a desired mixed air temperature. 9. Apparatus as claimed in claim 8, wherein the evaporator means includes an evaporator located downstream of the fan, an evaporator temperature sensor for sensing the temperature at the evaporator, a compressor connected to the evaporator and an air conditioning control unit responsive to the temperature sensor and to the control unit for controlling the compressor to produce cooled air. 10. Apparatus as claimed in claim 6, wherein the radiation detector is a solar sensor. 11. Apparatus as claimed in claim 10,wherein the solar sensor (29) measures the solar intensity (S.sub.I), the solar elevation (S.sub.E) and the solar azimuth (S.sub.A). 