A method of stationkeeping for a three-axis stabilized satellite having four thrusters mounted in a generally rectangular configuration on an anti-nadir face of the satellite, each of the four thrusters having a line of thrust which passes through the center of mass of the satellite, the four thrusters including a northwest thruster, a northeast thruster, a southwest thruster, and a southeast thruster. The method includes the step of rotating the satellite about a pitch axis that is perpendicular to a normal to the anti-nadir face of the satellite. The northwest thruster and the northeast thruster are canted away from the anti-nadir face in a north direction with respect to a north-south axis which passes through the center of mass of the satellite. The southwest thruster and the southeast thruster are canted away from the anti-nadir face in a south direction with respect to the north-south axis. The northeast thruster and the southeast thruster are slewed in an east direction about the north-south axis and the northwest thruster and the southwest thruster are slewed in an west direction about the north-south axis. Next, the northeast thruster and the northwest thruster are fired near an orbit ascending node and the southeast thruster and the southwest thruster are fired near an orbit descending node, wherein each of the four thrusters is fired in accordance with the amount that the satellite is rotated about the pitch axis.
Claims I claim: 1. A method of stationkeeping for a three-axis stabilized satellite having four thrusters mounted in a generally rectangular configuration on an anti-nadir face of the satellite, each of the four thrusters having a line of thrust which passes through the center of mass of the satellite, the four thrusters including a northwest thruster, a northeast thruster, a southwest thruster, and a southeast thruster, the method comprising the steps of: rotating said satellite about a pitch axis that is perpendicular to a normal to said anti-nadir face of the satellite; canting the northwest thruster and the northeast thruster away from the anti-nadir face in a north direction with respect to a north-south axis which passes through the center of mass of the satellite; canting the southwest thruster and the southeast thruster away from the anti-nadir face in a south direction with respect to the north-south axis; slewing the northeast thruster and the southeast thruster in an east direction about the north-south axis; slewing the northwest thruster and the southwest thruster in an west direction about the north-south axis; firing the northeast thruster and the northwest thruster near an orbit ascending node; firing the southeast thruster and the southwest thruster near an orbit descending node; and wherein each of the four thrusters is fired in accordance with the amount that the satellite is rotated about the pitch axis. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein firing time durations for each thruster is dependent upon a first predetermined quantity representative of a required change in tangential velocity to control longitude mean motion and a second predetermined quantity representative of a required change in tangential velocity to control an orbit eccentricity component along a first axis which connects the ascending node and the descending node and wherein the four thrusters are slewed to provide effective control of the orbit eccentricity component. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the northwest thruster is fired before the orbit ascending node and the northeast thruster is fired after the orbit ascending node. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the southwest thruster is fired before the orbit descending node and the southeast thruster is fired after the orbit descending node. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the northwest thruster and the northeast thruster are canted away from the anti-nadir face by a predetermined angle .theta. with respect to the north-south axis, and wherein the southwest thruster and the southeast thruster are canted away from the anti-nadir face by the predetermined angle .theta. with respect to the north-south axis. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the northwest thruster and the southwest thrusters are slewed about the north-south axis by a predetermined angle .alpha..sub.1, and wherein the northeast thruster and the southeast thrusters are slewed about the north-south axis by the predetermined angle .alpha..sub.2. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein .alpha..sub.1 and .alpha..sub.2, are related to the pitch angle .rho. and the unpitched slew angle .alpha. by the relationships: .alpha..sub.1 =.alpha.+.rho.; and .alpha..sub.2 =.alpha.-.rho.. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein .alpha. is at least 10 degrees. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein each of the four firing time durations is further dependent upon a third predetermined quantity representative of a required change in radial velocity to control an orbit eccentricity component along a second axis perpendicular to the first axis, and a fourth quantity representative of a required change in normal velocity to control orbit inclination. 10. The method of claim 5 wherein the four thrusters are canted away from the anti-nadir face by a predetermined angle .theta. with respect to the north-south axis, and each of the four firing time durations is based upon a corresponding one of four change in velocity quantities, the four change in velocity quantities for V.sub.N for the northwest, northeast, southwest and southeast thrusters, respectively, are given by: ##EQU5## where: .DELTA.V.sub.DT =Required total tangential .DELTA.V to control longitude mean motion; .DELTA.V.sub.ET =Required total tangential .DELTA.V to control orbit eccentricity component along an axis connecting R.A..apprxeq.90.degree. and R.A..apprxeq.270.degree.; .DELTA.V.sub.ER =Required total radial .DELTA.V to control orbit eccentricity component along an axis perpendicular to an axis connecting R.A..apprxeq.90.degree. and R.A..apprxeq.270.degree.; and .DELTA.V.sub.IN =Required total normal .DELTA.V to control orbit inclination. 11. A stationkeeping system for a three-axis stabilized satellite, the system comprising: four thrusters mounted in a generally rectangular configuration on an anti-nadir face of the satellite, each of the four thrusters having a line of thrust which passes through the center of mass of the satellite, the four thrusters including a northwest thruster, a northeast thruster, a southwest thruster, and a southeast thruster; the northwest thruster and the northeast thruster being canted away from the anti-nadir face in a north direction with respect to a north-south axis which passes through the center of mass of the satellite; the southwest thruster and the southeast thruster being canted away from the anti-nadir face in a south direction with respect to the north-south axis; the northeast thruster and the southeast thruster being slewed in an east direction about the north-south axis; the northwest thruster and the southwest thruster being stewed in an west direction about the north-south axis; a control element connected to each of said four thrusters, wherein said control element monitors the pitch angle of said satellite and generates control signals that (1) fire the northeast thruster and the northwest thruster near an orbit ascending node, and (2) fire the southeast thruster and the southwest thruster near an orbit descending node, each of the four thrusters being fired in accordance with the pitch angle of said satellite. 12. The stationkeeping system of claim 11 wherein a firing time duration for each thruster is dependent upon a first predetermined quantity representative of a required change in tangential velocity to control an orbit eccentricity component along a first axis which connects the ascending node and the descending node, and wherein the four thrusters are slewed to provide effective control of the orbit eccentricity component. 13. The system of claim 11 wherein the northwest thruster is fired before the orbit ascending node and the northeast thruster is fired after the orbit ascending node. 14. The system of claim 11 wherein the southwest thruster is fired before the orbit descending node and the southeast thruster is fired after the orbit descending node. 15. The system of claim 11 wherein the northwest thruster and the northeast thruster are canted away from the anti-nadir face by a predetermined angle .theta. with respect to the north-south axis, and wherein the southwest thruster and the southeast thruster are canted away from the anti-nadir face by the predetermined angle .theta. with respect to the north-south axis. 16. The method of claim 11 wherein the northwest thruster and the southwest thrusters are slewed about the north-south axis by a predetermined angle .alpha..sub.1, and wherein the northeast thruster and the southeast thrusters are slewed about the north-south axis by the predetermined angle .alpha..sub.2. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein .alpha..sub.1 and .alpha..sub.2 are related to the pitch angle .rho. and the unpitched slew angle .alpha. by the relationships: .alpha..sub.1 =.alpha.+.rho.; and .alpha..sub.2 =.alpha.-.rho.. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein .alpha. is at least 10 degrees. 19. The system of claim 11 wherein each of the four firing time durations is further dependent upon a third predetermined quantity representative of a required change in radial velocity to control an orbit eccentricity component along a second axis perpendicular to the first axis, and a fourth quantity representative of a required change in normal velocity to control orbit inclination. 20. The system of claim 16 wherein the four thrusters are canted away from the anti-nadir face by a predetermined angle .theta. with respect to the north-south axis, and each of the four firing time durations is based upon a corresponding one of four change in velocity quantities, the four change in velocity quantities for the northwest, northeast, southwest and southeast thrusters, respectively, are given by: ##EQU6## where: .DELTA.V.sub.DT =Required total tangential .DELTA.V to control longitude mean motion; .DELTA.V.sub.ET =Required total tangential .DELTA.V to control orbit eccentricity component along an axis connecting an axis connecting R.A..apprxeq.90.degree. and R.A..apprxeq.270.degree.; .DELTA.V.sub.ER =Required total radial .DELTA.V to control orbit eccentricity component along an axis perpendicular to an axis connecting R.A..apprxeq.90.degree. and R.A..apprxeq.270.degree.; and .DELTA.V.sub.IN =Required total normal .DELTA.V to control orbit inclination. 21. A method of station keeping for a three-axis stabilized satellite in response to a failure of a first thruster of four thrusters, the four thrusters mounted in a generally rectangular configuration on an anti-nadir face of the satellite, each of the four thrusters having a line of thrust which passes through the center of mass of the satellite and is canted away from the anti-nadir face, the four thrusters including a north pair and a south pair, the method of comprising the steps of: monitoring the amount that the satellite is rotated with respect to a pitch axis that is perpendicular to a normal to said anti-nadir face of the satellite; shutting down a second thruster of the four thrusters, the second thruster located diagonally with respect to the first thruster; firing a remaining north thruster of the north pair near an orbit ascending node; firing a remaining south thruster of the south pair near an orbit descending node simultaneously firing the remaining north thruster and the remaining south thruster between the orbit ascending node and the orbit descending node, wherein the remaining north thruster and the remaining south thruster are simultaneously fired to control an orbit eccentricity component without substantially affecting a tangential velocity component; wherein the velocity produced by each thruster and the duration of each firing is dependent on the monitored amount that the satellite is rotated with respect to the pitch axis. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein the orbit ascending node has approximately a 90-degree right ascension angle, the orbit descending node has approximately a 270-degree right ascension angle, the remaining north thruster is an eastern one of the north pair, the remaining south thruster is a western one of the south pair, and the simultaneous firing occurs at a right ascension angle approximately of 0 degrees. 23. The method of claim 21 wherein the orbit ascending node has approximately a 90-degree right ascension angle, the orbit descending node has approximately a 270-degree right ascension angle, the remaining north thruster is an western one of the north pair, the remaining south thruster is a eastern one of the south pair, and the simultaneous firing occurs at a right ascension angle of approximately 180 degrees. 24. The method of claim 21 wherein the remaining north thruster and the remaining south thruster are simultaneously fired at a time and duration dependent upon an eccentricity produced by a solar force and the steps of firing at the orbit ascending node and the orbit descending node. 25. The method of claim 21, comprising the step of translationally moving at least one of said four thrusters along said anti-nadir face of the satellite by an amount that is dependent to the monitored amount that the satellite is rotated with respect to a pitch axis. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein a pair of thrusters are translationally moved along said anti-nadir face of the satellite by an amount that is dependent to the monitored amount that the satellite is rotated with respect to a pitch axis. 