Apparatus and methods for controlling and monitoring pickup of packages deposited in a system of drop boxes, wherein each such drop box is adapted to receive a plurality of packages through a door, includes a drop sensor which is adapted to sense the deposit of a package through the door, means for communicating a plurality of signals indicative of the deposit of such package through the door, and a power supply which is operatively coupled to the drop sensor and communicating means for providing a source of power thereto. The drop sensor generally comprises means for passively detecting the passage of packages, and means for generating the plurality of signals indicative of the deposit of such packages through the door. Such plurality of signals include a signal to indicate that the drop box is approaching a "full box" condition, a signal to indicate that the drop box is at such "full box" condition, and a "pickup" signal to indicate that the courier has completed his daily rounds.
Claims What we claim as our invention is: 1. Apparatus for monitoring and controlling pickup of packages deposited in a system of drop boxes, each such drop box being adapted to receive a plurality of packages through a door, comprising: a drop sensor, adapted to sense the deposit of any of a plurality of packages through the door, which generates a plurality of signals; means for communicating at least one of said signals indicative of the deposit of any one of said plurality of packages through the door to a remote location; a power supply operatively coupled to said drop sensor and said communicating means for providing source of power thereto; wherein said plurality of signals comprise a first signal responsive to the deposit of any one of said plurality of packages; and a second signal responsive to a condition approximating a capacity of the drop box. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said power supply comprises an AC power supply. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said power supply comprises a solar power supply. 4. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said second signal further comprises: a completely full signal responsive to a second condition wherein the drop box is at 100% capacity. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a pickup signal indicative of a condition whereby the courier has completed his daily pickup of the drop box. 6. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said communicating means comprises a wireless network. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said communicating means comprises a wired network. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said drop sensor passively detects the passage of packages into said drop box. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said drop sensor actively detects the passage of packages into said drop box. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a status signal indicative of a radio and a power condition of the drop box. 11. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a dispatcher log-in module to log-in and record the system operator and to stamp any actions taken with the operator's initials. 12. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a maintenance module to provide automatic notification of network, hardware and environmental problems related to the drop box. 13. The apparatus according to claim 12, wherein said maintenance module further comprises a fax board. 14. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said communicating means comprises: a communications network; and a modem adapted to communicate with said communications network. 15. The apparatus according to claim 14, wherein said communication network comprises Alarmnet. 16. The apparatus according to claim 14, wherein said modem comprises a network radio modem. 17. The apparatus according to claim 14, wherein said communications network comprises a transmitter and a receiver. 18. The apparatus according to claim 17, wherein said transmitter and said receiver are tuned to the same frequency. 19. The apparatus according to claim 17, wherein said receiver is a PC network for receiving said signals. 20. The apparatus according to claim 19, wherein said PC network further comprises two separate operating environments wherein said first operating environment is a "real-time" environment for maintaining site data for a 24 hour period, and said second operating environment is an historical environment for maintaining site data for the last quarter. 21. The apparatus according to claim 19, wherein said PC network further comprises three main presentation windows, said first window is an asset management window, whereby the status of each drop box within the purview of a courier is displayed, said second window is an action items window, whereby alarms and status information concerning a particular drop box is displayed, and said third window is a GIS window, whereby the status of a particular area can be surveyed. 22. The apparatus according to claim 19, wherein said PC network further comprises two separate operating environments wherein said first operating environment is a "real-time" environment for maintaining site data for a 24 hour period, and said second operating environment is an historical environment for maintaining site data for the last quarter. 23. A method for monitoring and controlling pickup of packages deposited in a system of drop boxes, wherein each such drop box is adapted to receive a plurality of packages through a door, comprising: using a sensor to sense the deposit of any of a plurality of packages through the door; using said sensor to generate a plurality of signals; communicating one or more of said signals indicative of the deposit of any of said plurality of said packages through the door to a remote location; wherein said step of communicating said plurality of signals comprises providing a first signal responsive to the deposit of any of said plurality of said packages; and providing a second signal responsive to a condition approximating a capacity of the drop box. 24. The method according to claim 23, wherein said power supply comprises an AC power supply. 25. The method according to claim 23, wherein said power supply comprises a solar power supply. 26. The method according to claim 23, wherein said step of providing said second signal further comprises: thereafter providing a completely fill signal responsive to a second condition wherein the drop box is at 100% capacity. 27. The method according to claim 23, further comprising the step of providing a pickup signal indicative of a condition whereby the courier has completed his daily pickup of the drop box. 28. The method according to claim 23, wherein said sensing step comprises passively sensing the passage of packages into said drop box. 29. The method according to claim 23, wherein said sensing step comprises actively sensing the passage of packages into said drop box. 30. The method according to claim 23, further comprising a status signal indicative of a radio and a power condition of the drop box. 31. The method according to claim 23, further comprising a log-in step for logging in and recording the system operator and for stamping any actions taken with the operator's initials; and providing a signal responsive to said logging-in. 32. The method according to claim 23, further comprising providing a maintenance signal indicative of network, hardware and environmental problems related to the drop box. 33. The method according to claim 32, wherein said step for providing a maintenance signal further comprises using a fax board to generate said maintenance signal. 34. The method according to claim 23, wherein said communicating step comprises: providing a communications network; and providing a modem adapted to communicate with said communications network. 35. The method according to claim 34, wherein said communication network comprises Alarmnet. 36. The method according to claim 34, wherein said modem comprises a network radio modem. 37. The method according to claim 34, wherein said modem comprises a public service telephone network modem. 38. The method according to claim 34, wherein said communications network comprises the steps of transmitting and receiving. 39. The method according to claim 38 wherein said transmitting step and said receiving step are done at the same frequency. 40. The method according to claim 38, further comprising the step of using a PC network for receiving said signals. 41. The method according to claim 40, wherein said PC network further comprises three main presentation windows, said first window is an asset management window, whereby the status of each drop box within the purview of a courier is displayed, said second window is an action items window, whereby alarms and status information concerning a particular drop box is displayed, and said third window is a GIS window, whereby the status of a particular area can be surveyed. 42. The method according to claim 40, wherein said PC network further comprises two separate operating environments wherein said first operating environment is a "real-time" environment for maintaining site data for a 24 hour period, and said second operating environment is an historical environment for maintaining site data for the last quarter. 43. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a pickup signal which is automatically generated when the courier has completed his daily pickup of the drop box. 44. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a sensor which generates a pickup signal indicative of a condition whereby the courier has completed his daily pickup of the drop box. 45. An apparatus for monitoring and controlling pickup of packages deposited in a system of drop boxes, each such drop box being adapted to receive a plurality of packages through a door, comprising: a drop sensor, adapted to sense the deposit of a package through the door, which generates one or more signals; means for communicating at least one of said signals indicative of the deposit of said package through the door as a courtable pulse, whereby it can be used to estimate the number of drops occurring during a certain period and the time when said drop occurred; and a power supply operatively coupled to said drop sensor and said communicating means for providing source of power thereto. 46. The method according to claim 23, further comprising the step of providing a pickup signal which is automatically generated when the courier has completed his daily pickup of the drop box. 47. The method according to claim 23, further comprising the steps of: sensing when the courier has completed his daily pickup of the drop box; and generating a pickup signal indicative of a condition whereby the courier has completed his daily pickup of the drop box. 48. A method for monitoring and controlling pickup of packages deposited in a system of drop boxes, wherein each such drop box is adapted to receive a plurality of packages through a door, comprising: sensing the deposit of a package through the door; generating one or more signals; communicating one or more of said signals indicative of the deposit of said package through the door; and providing a countable pulse which is indicative of the number of drops occurring during a certain period and the time when said drop occurred. 