A stock market big board game comprising a game board (14) having a continuous path around its perimeter (16) divided into consecutive spaces (18) bearing instructions for price fluctuations of individual companies and the market as a whole, market manipulation card purchase options, penalties, bonuses for stock diversification, move anywhere options, puts and calls, market trend changes, and stock price move options with each of the spaces (18) defining a playing position. A big board (20) is provided with a structure (22) for mounting the big board (20) vertically to the game board (14). A plurality of price marker pegs (24) for the big board (20), indicate on the big board (20) the activities of seven types of stocks purchased, such as stock prices and splits. A plurality of playing pieces (26) are provided, one for each of the game players. The playing pieces (26) being of a size to fit within the playing positions. Play money (28) of different denominations are for distribution of part thereof to each player. A random number generating facility (30) is for designating a number of spaces (18) on the game board (14) to be moved by each playing piece (26). A market trend indication piece (32) has a bull head (34) on one side and a bear head (36) on an opposite side. A deck of market manipulation cards (38), a deck of market fluctuation cards (40), a plurality of stock certificates (42) and a plurality of certificates of deposit (44) are also used in the game.
Claims What is claimed is new and desired to be protected by Letters Patent is set forth in the appended claims: 1. A stock market big board game comprising: a) a game board having a continuous path around its perimeter divided into consecutive spaces bearing instructions for price fluctuations of individual companies and the market as a whole, market manipulation card purchase options, penalties, bonuses for stock diversification, move anywhere options, puts and calls, market trend changes, and stock price move options, with each of said spaces defining a playing position; b) a big board; c) means for mounting said big board vertically to said game board; d) a plurality of price marker pegs for said big board, to indicate on said big board the activities of seven types of stocks purchased, such as stock prices and splits; e) a plurality of playing pieces, one for each of the game players, said playing pieces being of a size to fit within said playing positions; f) play money of different denominations for distribution of part thereof to each player; g) a random number generating means for designating a number of spaces on said game board to be moved by each said playing piece; h) a market trend indication piece having a bull head on one side and a bear head on an opposite side; i) a deck of market manipulation cards; j) a deck of market fluctuation cards; k) a plurality of stock certificates; and l) a plurality of certificates of deposit. 2. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 1, further including: a) a rules for big board pamphlet; b) a big board regulations pamphlet; c) a stock market primer pamphlet; d) a big board prospectus pamphlet; e) a stock purchases table pamphlet; f) a stock sales table pamphlet; and g) a dividend payout and yield tables pamphlet. 3. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 1, wherein said playing pieces represent figurines of animate and inanimate objects. 4. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 1, wherein said game board further includes two card areas, said first area for storing said deck of market manipulation cards prior to purchase by the players and second said area for storing said deck of market fluctuation cards, whereby one said market fluctuation card is turned each time one said playing piece lands on said playing position labeled market fluctuation on said game board. 5. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 1, wherein said game board is square, with said continuous path forming a further inner square within said perimeter of said game board. 6. A stock market big board game as recited in 1, wherein said play money includes a plurality of papers bearing indicia representing denominations of money. 7. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 6, wherein said denominations of money are of $100 dollars, $500 dollars, $1,000 dollars, $5,000 dollars, $10,000 dollars, $20,000 dollars and $100,000 dollars. 8. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 1, wherein said random number generating means is a pair of dice. 9. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 1, wherein said mounting means is a clip affixed at a right angle to a bottom edge of said big board, so that said clip can engage with one edge of said game board. 10. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 1, wherein said deck of market manipulation cards allows each player that picks one of these cards to perform various manipulations, and includes thirty six cards which are five free turn cards, five cards to turn the market Bull and five cards to turn it Bear, each of seven companies represented in the game having a card to move it up twenty points, a card to move it up ten points and an SEC card to punish either of the two prior manipulations. 11. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 1, wherein said deck of market fluctuation cards includes twenty eight cards at four different volatility levels being stable, active, volatile and extremely volatile, in which the point values for the four levels are as follows: stable--four cards with a two point move, two cards with a four point move and one card with a six point move; active--four cards with a four point move, two cards with an eight point move and one card with a twelve point move; volatile--four cards with a six point move, two cards with a twelve point move and one card with an eighteen point move; and extremely volatile--four cards with a twelve point move, two cards with an eighteen point move and one card with a twenty four point move. 12. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 1, wherein said stock certificates are for each of seven companies represented on said big board, which are Global Motors; Consolidated Technologies, International Airways, United Speculators, New York Gas and Electric, Solar Power and Ralph's Shoes, wherein said stock certificates are divided into an original issue and four split levels to provide an easy and natural bookkeeping for results of the splits. 13. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 1, further including: a) said game board having a fold line thereacross, so that said game board can be folded in half; and b) a storage box with a cover to hold said folded game board and all of the various components of the game therein when not being used. 14. A stock market big board game comprising: a) a game board having a continuous path around its perimeter divided into consecutive spaces bearing instructions for price fluctuations of individual companies and the market as a whole, market manipulation card purchase options, penalties, bonuses for stock diversification, move anywhere options, puts and calls, market trend changes, and stock price move options with each of said spaces defining a playing position; b) a big board; c) means for mounting said big board vertically to said game board; d) a plurality of price marker pegs for said big board, to indicate on said big board the activities of seven types of stocks purchased, such as stock prices and splits; e) a plurality of playing pieces, one for each of the game players, said playing pieces being of a size to fit within said playing positions; f) play money of different denominations for distribution of part thereof to each player; g) a random number generating means for designating a number of spaces on said game board to be moved by each said playing piece; h) a market trend indication piece having a bull head on one side and a bear head on an opposite side; i) a deck of market manipulation cards; j) a deck of market fluctuation cards; k) a plurality of stock certificates; l) a plurality of certificates of deposit; m) a rules for big board pamphlet; n) a big board regulations pamphlet; o) a stock market primer pamphlet; p) a big board prospectus pamphlet; q) a stock purchases table pamphlet; r) a stock sales table pamphlet; and s) a dividend payout and yield tables pamphlet. 15. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 14, wherein said playing pieces represent figurines of animate and inanimate objects. 16. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 15, wherein said game board further includes two card areas, said first area for storing said deck of market manipulation cards prior to purchase by the players and second said area for storing said deck of market fluctuation cards, whereby one said market fluctuation card is turned each time one said playing piece lands on said playing position labeled market fluctuation on said game board. 17. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 16, wherein said game board is square, with said continuous path forming a further inner square within said perimeter of said game board. 18. A stock market big board game as recited in 17, wherein said play money includes a plurality of papers bearing indicia representing denominations of money. 19. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 18, wherein said denominations of money are of $100 dollars, $500 dollars, $1,000 dollars, $5,000 dollars, $10,000 dollars, $20,000 dollars and $100,000 dollars. 20. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 19, wherein said random number generating means is a pair of dice. 21. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 20, wherein said mounting means is a clip affixed at a right angle to a bottom edge of said big board, so that said clip can engage with one edge of said game board. 22. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 21, wherein said deck of market manipulation cards allows each player that picks one of these cards to perform various manipulations, and includes thirty six cards which are five free turn cards, five cards to turn the market Bull and five cards to turn it Bear, each of seven companies represented in the game having a card to move it up twenty points, a card to move it up ten points and an SEC card to punish either of the two prior manipulations. 23. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 22, wherein said deck of market fluctuation cards includes twenty eight cards at four different volatility levels being stable, active, volatile and extremely volatile, in which the point values for the four levels are as follows: stable--four cards with a two point move, two cards with a four point move and one card with a six point move; active--four cards with a four point move, two cards with an eight point move and one card with a twelve point move; volatile--four cards with a six point move, two cards with a twelve point move and one card with an eighteen point move; and extremely volatile--four cards with a twelve point move, two cards with an eighteen point move and one card with a twenty four point move. 24. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 23, wherein said stock certificates are for each of seven companies represented on said big board, which are Global Motors; Consolidated Technologies, International Airways, United Speculators, New York Gas and Electric, Solar Power and Ralph's Shoes, wherein said stock certificates are divided into an original issue and four split levels to provide an easy and natural bookkeeping for results of the splits. 25. A stock market big board game as recited in claim 24, further including: a) said game board having a fold line thereacross, so that said game board can be folded in half; and b) a storage box with a cover to hold said folded game board and all of the various components of the game therein when not being used. 