The present invention is directed towards an untethered microphone associated with a radio telephone base and adapted to provide wireless communication therebetween. The remote microphone may include a rechargeable battery and a solar power supply and associated panel configured to recharge the battery. The remote microphone and base unit are adapted to each transmit and receive data and control signals therebetween. The remote microphone is further adapted to transmit voice signals from the microphone to the base unit during operation. Typically, a first transceiver is located with the remote unit, and a second transceiver is located with the hands-free base unit. Working together, the transceivers carry the microphone's signals to the radio telephone's transmitter. Additionally, the transceivers carry call-in-progress information back and forth between the microphone and the hands-free base unit.
Claims We claim: 1. A hands-free mobile radio communication system for use in a vehicle comprising: (a) a base unit including a transceiver for communicating with a base station in a mobile communication network; (b) a speaker associated with said base station; (c) a speakerless, untethered microphone unit disposed remotely from said base unit and said speaker, said microphone unit including: i) a microphone for producing audio signals; ii) a wireless transmitter associated with said microphone and adapted to provide untethered transmission of said audio signals produced by said microphone to said base unit; iii) a wireless receiver adapted to receive transmitted control signals from said base unit; iv) control circuitry operatively associated with said microphone, said transmitter and said receiver, said control circuitry being responsive to control signals transmitted from said base station to control the operation of said microphone unit; and v) a power supply to provide electrical energy to power said untethered microphone unit. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said power supply comprises a rechargeable battery. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein said power supply includes a solar panel for gathering solar energy from sunlight and converting said solar energy to electrical energy. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a mount adapted to mount said untethered microphone unit in the interior of a vehicle. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 further including means for periodically activating said receiver in said microphone unit while a call is in process to monitor said control signals transmitted by said base unit. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising an actuator operatively associated with said control circuitry, said control circuitry adapted to activate said untethered microphone unit when said actuator is actuated. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising an actuator operatively associated with said control circuitry, said control circuitry adapted to deactivate said untethered microphone unit when said actuator is actuated. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said control circuitry is adapted to operate in conjunction with said microphone and adapted to activate said untethered microphone unit when audible information is presented to said microphone to allow voice activated operation. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said control signals include a call-in-process signal. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein said audio signals are transmitted by said transmitter to said base unit when call-in-process signals are being received by said remote microphone unit. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said transmitter in said microphone unit is further adapted to transmit control signals to said base unit. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein said control signals transmitted by said microphone unit include a call termination signal. 13. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein said control signals transmitted by said microphone unit include a call initiation signal. 