This waste recycling processing mechanism combines in a self powered unit in a preferred embodiment on a vehicle apparatus that sorts and processes recyclable materials. In another embodiment, this processing mechanism is constructed as a transportable unit that is self contained for road, rail or marine delivery to government, military, industrial, commercial and public sites. This unit may be set up for stationary operation with cruise ships, cargo vessels, and military ships as well as passenger trains and aircraft. This processing mechanism reduces the volume of recyclable waste by factors as high as 20 or more into the most compact forms in separated bins, and is capable of yielding uncontaminated, market-ready recyclable products by operator or by automatic means. Operator safety and comfort with resultant increased efficiency are paramount considerations provided in all units. The mobile units include an operator harness attachable to a safety track, hand bars, padded surfaces, ultraviolet shielding from sunlight, and a canopy to provide weather protection and the facility for heat and air conditioning.
Claims We claim: 1. A waste recycling processing mechanism comprising, in combination: a frame structure mounted on a truck, a means for sorting at least four different types of recycables within said structure and accessible by a worker, at least four processors mounted within said structure for the reduction of the sorted different types of recyclables to smaller volume, and at least four bins arranged adjacent said processors for the receipt of reduced, sorted, different types of recyclables. 2. A mechanism as set forth in claim 1 further comprising automated identification means to aid the worker in sorting of said recyclable materials. 3. The mechanism of claim 1, further comprising: means for delivering recyclables from ground level to said sorting area, means for delivering the sorted recyclables from said means for sorting to said processors, and means for providing power to said processors. 4. A mechanism as set forth in claim 3 wherein said means providing for delivery of recyclables from ground level to said means for sorting is an automated pickup means. 5. A mechanism as set forth in claim 3 wherein said delivery means for the delivery of sorted waste from said means for sorting to said processors is an automated delivery system. 6. The mechanism of claim 1, wherein four of said at least four processors each reduce different types of recyclables and are selected from the group consisting of: a clear glass reduction processor; a brown glass reduction processor; a green glass reduction processor; a metals reduction processor; a plastics reduction processor; a paper product reduction processor; a yard waste reduction processor; a miscellaneous trash reduction processor; a metal can reducer; an aluminum can reducer; a plastics crusher and flattener; a plastics compactor and baler; a plastics shredder and baler; a melter for melting and reducing styrofoam and light plastics; a first type plastics reducer; a second type plastics reducer; an oil processor; and an antifreeze processor. 7. A waste recycling processing mechanism comprising, in combination: a transportable frame structure, a means for sorting waste within said structure, at least four bins supported by said structure, means for receiving waste at said means for sorting so as to segregate said waste into separate groups of different recyclable materials, and at least four waste recycling material processors supported by said structure so as to deposit segregated materials into said bins. 8. A mechanism as set forth in claim 7 wherein said transportable frame structure is suitable for mounting on an air, land, or water transport vehicle. 9. A mechanism as set forth in claim 7 wherein said transportable frame structure is suitable for mounting on a trailer. 10. A mechanism as set forth in claim 7 wherein said transportable frame structure is suitable for mounting on a truck. 11. A mechanism as set forth in claim 7 further comprising provision for a worker to divide waste materials at said means for sorting and a walkway to allow the worker movement between the means for sorting and the processors. 12. A mechanism as set forth in claim 11 further comprising a track adjacent said walkway to allow for the attachment of a safety harness and belt to be worn by said worker to prevent his falling from the walkway. 13. A mechanism as set forth in claim 11 further comprising a solar shield over said walkway to reduce the exposure of said worker to hazardous solar and ultraviolet radiation. 14. A mechanism as set forth in claim 13 further comprising the use of low reflection surfaces adjacent said walkway to reduce exposure of said operator to reflected solar radiation. 15. A mechanism as set forth in claim 7 wherein said bins are fixed in place and include means for emptying processed material contents. 16. A mechanism as set forth in claim 7 wherein said bins are removable for emptying. 17. A mechanism as set forth in claim 7 wherein at least one of said waste recycling material processors is movable so as to be operable over a multiplicity of bins. 18. The mechanism of claim 7, further comprising; means for delivering said separated groups of materials to the appropriate processors; and means for providing power to operate said processors. 19. A mechanism as set forth in claim 18 wherein said processors are electrically driven and said means for providing power comprises an electrical power generator mounted on said structure. 20. A mechanism as set forth in claim 18 wherein said processors are electrically driven and said means for providing power comprises an electrical connection to a conventional commercial electric source when an independent power source is not required. 21. The mechanism of claim 7, wherein four of said at least four processors each reduce different types of recyclables and are selected from the group consisting of; a clear glass reduction processor; a brown glass reduction processor; a green glass reduction processor; a metals reduction processor; a plastics reduction processor; a paper product reduction processor; a yard waste reduction processor; a miscellaneous trash reduction processor; a metal can reducer; an aluminum can reducer; a plastics crusher and flattener; a plastics compactor and baler; a plastics shredder and baler; a molter for melting and reducing styrofoam and light plastics; a first type plastics reducer; a second type plastics reducer; an oil processor; and an antifreeze processor. 