A sun visor with extending shields, which include a forward member (30) configured for attachment to a support rod (32). An extending shield actuator (46) is disposed within a recess (38) in the forward member and is attached to a lower glare shield (60). A left and right horizontal glare shield (64) and (70) are slidably attached to an extending column projecting from the actuator including a post (52), spacer (56) and lever (58). A back member (76), with a stepped indentation (78), is attached to the forward member thereby forming a hollow visor. When the lever is manually pulled down through a slit (80) in the back member, the extending column on the actuator interfaces with diagonal slots (66) and (66') in the horizontal shields, thus extending them outward in an opposite direction while simultaneously extending the lower shield. Shield corners (72) rotate downward by gravity as they are pivotally attached to the corners of the horizontal shields, thus completing the shielded beneath and on both sides of the visor.
Claims I claim: 1. A sun visor with extending shields comprising: a) a visor forward member shaped to fit an automotive headliner above a windshield having means to captivate an automotive visor support rod that has a mounting bracket, and said forward member further having an actuator recess therein; b) an extending shield actuator slidably disposed within the actuator recess in the visor forward member; c) a lower glare shield rigidly attached to the actuator such that the lower glare shield extends beneath the visor forward member when the shield actuator is manually lowered; d) a left horizontal glare shield having an inwardly sloping diagonal slot slidably engaging the shield actuator; e) a right horizontal glare shield, partially overlapping the left shield, with said right glare shield having an inwardly sloping slot slidably engaging the shield actuator such that when the actuator is manually lowered, both the right and left shields are simultaneously urged outward in opposed horizontal directions; f) a pair of hinged glare shield corners pivotally attached to an outside corner of each left and right glare shield such that when each horizontal shield is extend outwardly, the corners swing down to cover in between the horizontal and lower shields extending visual protection on three sides of the sun visor including the corners; and g) a visor back member shaped to match the forward member having means to captivate an automotive visor support rod including a mounting bracket and said back member having a stepped indentation to retain and guide the lower, left horizontal, right horizontal and corner glare shields when retracted between the forward and back members, the back member attached to said forward member forming a complete sun visor housing enclosing the glare shields when not extended. 2. The sun visor as recited in claim 1 wherein said visor forward member having a longitudinal groove therein for captivating an automotive visor support rod, a plurality of attaching receptacles for connection to the back member, said actuator recess further having female bottom grooves therein and a pair of corner bosses extending upwardly on each lower corner. 3. The sun visor as recited in claim 1 wherein said visor forward and back member are covered with fabric. 4. The sun visor as recited in claim 1 wherein said visor forward and back member are covered with imitation leather. 5. The sun visor as recited in claim 1 wherein said visor forward and back member are covered with natural leather. 6. The sun visor as recited in claim 1 wherein said shield actuator further comprises a rectangular block of a size to be retained and slide freely within said actuator recess, the actuator further having a lever providing a rigid outwardly extending column positioned within the slots of the right and left glare shields extending the shields outwardly when the block is manually lowered by the lever. 7. The sun visor as recited in claim 1 wherein said shield actuator further comprises a rectangular block of a size to be retained and slide freely within said actuator recess, the block having a tongue on each longitudinal side and said actuator recess having a matching bottom groove on each side to retain the block therein, the actuator further having a female threaded post attached to the block with a washer and spacer on top held in place with a thumb screw like lever providing a rigid outwardly extending column positioned within the slots of the right and left glare shields extending the shields outwardly when the block is manually lowered by the lever with the post and spacer continuously engaging the slots causing the respective shields to extend outwardly. 8. The sun visor as recited in claim 1 further comprising threaded fasteners attached through the lower glare shield into the shield actuator to produce a rigid interface therebetween. 9. The sun visor as recited in claim 1 further comprising a fastener and spacer loosely connecting the hinged shield corners to the left and right shields such that they may easily fall by gravity when unsupported. 10. The sun visor as recited in claim 1 wherein said visor back member having a longitudinal groove therein for captivating an automotive visor support rod, a plurality of bores in alignment with the visor forward member attaching receptacles. 11. The sun visor as recited in claim 1 wherein said lower, left, right and corner glare shields are optically clear thermoplastic tinted to reduce solar transmittance. 12. The sun visor as recited in claim 1 wherein said lower, left, right and corner glare shields are polarized optically clear thermoplastic. 13. A sun visor with extending shields comprising: a) a visor back member contiguously engaging a visor forward member, said forward member having an actuator within an internal recess, said actuator attached to a lower glare shield; b) a left and right glare shields having outside corners slidably retained within the visor members; c) a pair of glare shield corners pivotally attached, one on each left and right shield outside corner; and d) an extending column projecting from the actuator through the left and right shields and visor such that when the column is manually pulled downwardly the lower shield and left and right shields are urged outward and the corners pivot outwardly expanding the area of usable surface of the sun visor. 