A training unit generally includes a processor, a magnetic field sensor, a plurality of control switches, and a message and data output device. Placing a PEIS magnet, constructed in accordance with the ISOWD 14994 standard, adjacent to or in contact with the training unit activates the magnetic field sensor, a condition detectable by the processor. Activation of the switches determines which of three modes the training unit will operate. In an instructional mode, the process provides instructional messages to the operator via the message and data output device, which preferably includes a display and an audio speaker. In a coached mode, the training unit informs the operator when to place the magnet adjacent to or in contact with the training unit and when to remove the magnet in accordance with the timing intervals of the PEIS entry code. In a practice mode, the operator initiates and completes the entry code using a PEIS magnet without coaching. The processor detects the presence of the PEIS magnet, and determines whether the operator correctly performed the entry code correctly. If the operator completes the entry code in either the coached or practice modes, a simulated ECG waveform indicative of a patient's surface ECG upon successful completion of an entry code is shown on the display. Conversely, the training unit informs the operator of a failure by the operator to successfully complete the entry code.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A training unit adapted to be used in conjunction with a pacemaker emergency intervention system (PEIS), the PEIS including a magnet that can be used to implement an entry code, having a plurality of predetermined timing intervals, said training unit including: a processor; a message and data output device coupled to said processor; and a magnetic field sensor coupled to said processor and adapted to provide a signal to said processor indicative of the presence of a magnetic field sufficiently strong to activate said magnetic field sensor during some of the predetermined timing intervals; said processor determining whether a magnetic field has activated said magnetic field sensor during substantially the entirety of at least one of said predetermined timing intervals. 2. The training unit of claim 1 wherein said training unit includes an instructional mode of operation wherein instructional messages are provided by said processor to an operator via said message and data output device. 3. The training unit of claim 2 further including a coached mode of operation in which said processor provides messages to said message and data output device to coach an operator through said entry code. 4. The training unit of claim 3 further including a practice mode of operation in which said processor determines whether the operator has completed the entry code successfully. 5. The training unit of claim 4 further including a memory device in which is stored a digital representation of an exemplary surface ECG waveform indicative of a pacemaker in an emergency PEIS mode of operation. 6. The training unit of claim 5 wherein said ECG waveform is retrieved from said non-volatile memory by said processor and provided to said message and data output device after said coached or practice modes are successfully completed. 7. The training unit of claim 1 wherein said entry code includes first, second, third, fourth, and fifth timing intervals and said processor determines whether the magnetic field activates said magnetic field sensor during substantially the entirety of said first timing interval. 8. The training unit of claim 7 wherein said processor determines whether the magnetic field activates said magnetic field sensor during substantially the entirety of said third and fifth timing intervals. 9. The training unit of claim 8 wherein said first, third, and fifth timing intervals are 3.+-.1 seconds long. 10. The training unit of claim 8 wherein said processor determines whether the magnetic field sensor is deactivated during substantially the entirety of said second and fourth timing intervals. 11. The training unit of claim 10 wherein said second and fourth timing intervals are 2.+-.1 seconds long. 12. The training unit of claim 11 further including a plurality of control switches coupled to said processor for selecting one of said instructional, coached, and practice modes. 13. The training unit of claim 11 further including a power supply comprising a rechargeable battery and a solar panel. 14. The training unit of claim 1 wherein said magnetic field sensor comprises a magnetic read switch. 15. A method for training an operator in the use of a pacemaker emergency intervention system (PEIS) to initiate and complete an entry code, comprising: monitoring a control switch; initiating a coached mode of operation when said control switch is activated; informing the operator when to position a PEIS magnet in close proximity to a training unit; measuring a time interval associated with said entry code; and informing the operator when to remove the PEIS magnet from said training unit. 16. The method of claim 15 further including measuring a plurality of time intervals associated with said entry code. 17. The method of claim 16 further providing feedback to the operator as to whether said time intervals associated with said entry code have been satisfied. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein providing feedback includes displaying a simulated ECG waveform. 19. A method for training an operator in the use of a pacemaker emergency intervention system (PEIS) to initiate and complete an entry code, comprising: monitoring a control switch; measuring a plurality of timing intervals defined by the presence and absence of a magnetic field; comparing said timing intervals to predetermined timing values; and informing the operator as to whether the timing intervals substantially match said predetermined timing values. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein said predetermined timing values include first, second, third, fourth, and fifth predetermined timing values. 21. The method of claim 20 wherein said first, third, and fifth predetermined timing values are 3.+-.1 seconds. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein said second and fourth predetermined timing values are 2.+-.1 seconds. 23. The method of claim 19 wherein said informing step includes displaying a simulated ECG waveform. 24. A training unit adapted to be used in conjunction with a pacemaker emergency intervention system (PEIS) that includes a magnet to an implanted pacemaker for implementing an entry code comprising first, second, third, fourth, and fifth timing intervals, said training unit including: a control device; a display coupled to said control device; and a magnetic field sensor coupled to said control device and providing a signal to said control device indicative of the presence of a magnetic field sufficiently strong to activate said magnetic field sensor; said control device determining whether a magnetic field has activated said magnetic field sensor during substantially the entirety of the first, third, and fifth timing intervals. 25. The training unit of claim 24 wherein said magnetic field sensor comprises a magnetic reed switch. 26. The training unit of claim 24 further including a plurality of control switches for selecting an operational mode. 