A holographic planar concentrator (HPC) for collecting and concentrating optical radiation is provided. The holographic planar concentrator comprises a planar highly transparent plate and at least one multiplexed holographic optical film mounted on a surface thereof. The multiplexed holographic optical film has recorded therein a plurality of diffractive structures having one or more regions which are angularly and spectrally multiplexed. Two or more of the regions may be configured to provide spatial multiplexing. The HPC is fabricated by: (a) recording the plurality of diffractive structures in the multiplexed holographic optical film employing angular, spectral, and, optionally, spatial multiplexing techniques; and (b) mounting the multiplexed holographic optical film on one surface of the highly transparent plate. The recording of the plurality of diffractive structures is tailored to the intended orientation of the holographic planar concentrator to solar energy. The HPC is mounted in the intended orientation for collecting solar energy and at least one solar energy-collecting device is mounted along at least one edge of the holographic planar concentrator. Examples of suitable solar energy-collecting devices include photovoltaic cells and fiber optic lightguides for transmitting collected light into an interior of a building for illumination purposes and for transmitting collected solar radiation into a hot water tank for heating. The HPC permits efficient collection of solar energy without expensive requirements, while minimizing energy losses.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A holographic planar concentrator for collecting and concentrating optical radiation, said holographic planar concentrator comprising a planar highly transparent plate and at least one multiplexed holographic optical film mounted on a surface thereof to form a light guiding structure, said at least one multiplexed holographic optical film having recorded therein a plurality of diffractive structures having two or more regions which are angularly and spectrally multiplexed, said multiplexed hologram adapted to couple said optical radiation into said planar highly transparent plate such that said optical radiation is not lost and travels through both said planar highly transparent plate and said multiplexed holographic optical film, said multiplexed holographic film being multiplexed to reduce recoupling losses in said holographic planar concentrator. 2. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 1 wherein recoupling losses are reduced by employing said film adapted to launch said optical radiation into said planar highly transparent plate at a small trapping angle. 3. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said highly transparent plate comprises either a glass panel or an optically-transparent polymer panel. 4. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said optical radiation is derived from solar radiation. 5. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 1 comprising one multiplexed holographic optical film mounted on said surface. 6. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 1 comprising at least two multiplexed holographic optical films, stacked one on top of another to form an assembly mounted on said surface. 7. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 1 further having secured thereto at least one solar-collecting device. 8. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 7 wherein said at least one solar-collecting device is selected from the group consisting of photovoltaic cells and fiber optic cables. 9. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 8 wherein said fiber optic cable conveys at least a portion of said optical radiation to a solar-receiving device. 10. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 9 wherein said solar-receiving device is a hot water tank. 11. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 9 wherein said solar-receiving device is adapted to provide illumination interior to a building. 12. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said holographic planar concentrator is secured in a fixed position to provide passive tracking of the sun. 13. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said holographic planar concentrator is secured on a tracker adapted to track the sun either daily or seasonally or both. 14. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said planar highly transparent plate has a first index of refraction and said holographic optical film has a second index of refraction, with the difference between said first and second indices of refraction being no more than about 3%. 15. A holographic planar concentrator for collecting and concentrating optical radiation, said holographic planar concentrator comprising a planar highly transparent plate and at least one multiplexed holographic optical film mounted on a surface thereof to form a waveguiding structure, said at least one multiplexed holographic optical film having recorded therein a plurality of diffractive structures having one or more regions which are angularly and spectrally multiplexed, said multiplexed hologram adapted to couple said optical radiation into said planar highly transparent plate at a small trapping angle such that said optical radiation travels through both said planar highly transparent plate and said multiplexed holographic optical film. 16. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 15 wherein recoupling losses are reduced by providing two or more of said regions which are differently angularly multiplexed as well as spatially multiplexed. 17. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 15 wherein said highly transparent plate comprises either a glass panel or a optically-transparent polymer panel. 18. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 15 wherein said optical radiation is derived from solar radiation. 19. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 15 comprising one multiplexed holographic optical film mounted on said surface. 20. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 15 comprising at least two multiplexed holographic optical films, stacked one on top of another to form an assembly mounted on said surface. 21. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 15 further having secured thereto at least one solar-collecting device. 22. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 21 wherein said at least one solar-collecting device is selected from the group consisting of photovoltaic cells and fiber optic cables. 23. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 22 wherein said fiber optic cable conveys at least a portion of said optical radiation to a solar-receiving device. 24. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 23 wherein said solar-receiving device is a hot water tank. 25. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 23 wherein said solar-receiving device is adapted to provide illumination interior to a building. 26. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 15 wherein said holographic planar concentrator is secured in a fixed position to provide passive tracking of the sun. 27. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 15 wherein said holographic planar concentrator is secured on a tracker adapted to track the sun either daily or seasonally or both. 28. The holographic planar concentrator of claim 15 wherein said planar highly transparent plate has a first index of refraction and said holographic optical film has a second index of refraction, with the difference between said first and second indices of refraction being no more than about 3%. 29. A method of fabricating a holographic planar concentrator comprising a highly transparent plate and at least one multiplexed holographic optical film mounted thereon to form a waveguiding structure, said at least one multiplexed holographic optical film having recorded therein a plurality of diffractive structures which are angularly and spectrally multiplexed, said method comprising: (a) mounting a holographic optical film on one surface of said highly transparent plate; and (b) recording said plurality of diffractive structures in said holographic optical film employing angular and spectral multiplexing techniques to produce said multiplexed holographic optical film, said multiplexed holographic optical film adapted to couple optical radiation into said highly transparent plate. 30. The method of claim 29 wherein said recording is performed in an index-matched environment by: (a) immersing said highly transparent plate on which said holographic optical film is mounted in a fluid medium having an index of refraction that is substantially the same as that of said highly transparent plate; and (b) directing a plurality of object beams on a surface of said highly transparent plate opposite to that surface on which said holographic optical film is mounted; and (c) directing a plurality of reference beams on said holographic optical film. 31. The method of claim 30 wherein said recording is performed so as (a) to enable said film to launch optical radiation into said planar highly transparent plate at a small trapping angle or (b) to provide two or more regions which are differently angularly multiplexed as well as spatially multiplexed or (c) both, thereby reducing recoupling losses from said planar highly transparent plate. 32. The method of claim 30 wherein said object and reference beams have a gaussian profile. 33. The method of claim 30 wherein said object and reference beams have a non-gaussian profile. 34. The method of claim 30 wherein said recording is performed using a substantially uniform energy across said holographic optical film. 35. The method of claim 30 wherein said recording is performed at multiple wavelengths. 36. The method of claim 30 wherein said recording is performed at a single wavelength with the recording angles adjusted to play back at the desired wavelengths. 37. The method of claim 30 wherein said recording is performed under conditions to mimic a variation of up to approximately 160 degrees in the daily sun angle and up to approximately 45 degrees in the seasonal sun angle. 38. The method of claim 30 wherein nonuniform fringe structures are formed in said holographic optical film. 39. The method of claim 30 wherein reflective structures are formed in said holographic optical film, said reflective structures providing said holographic optical film with a spectral bandwidth which is responsive to a spectral band ranging from a few nanometers in width to several hundred nanometers in width. 40. A method of using a holographic planar concentrator comprising a highly transparent plate and at least one multiplexed holographic optical film mounted thereon to form a waveguiding structure, said at least one multiplexed holographic optical film having recorded therein a plurality of diffractive structures which are angularly and spectrally multiplexed, said method comprising: (a) recording said plurality of diffractive structures in said multiplexed holographic optical film employing angular and spectral multiplexing techniques, said recording tailored to the intended orientation of said holographic planar concentrator to solar energy, said multiplexed holographic optical film adapted to couple said solar energy into said highly transparent plate; and, in either order, (b) mounting said holographic planar concentrator in said intended orientation for collecting solar energy; and (c) mounting at least one solar energy-collecting device along at least one edge of said holographic planar concentrator. 41. The method of claim 40 wherein said recording is performed so as (a) to enable said film to launch optical radiation into said planar highly transparent plate at a small trapping angle or (b) to provide two or more regions which are differently angularly multiplexed as well as spatially multiplexed of (c) both, thereby reducing recoupling losses from said planar highly transparent plate. 42. The method of claim 40 wherein at least one solar energy-collecting device is selected from the group consisting of photovoltaic cells, fiber optic cables, and hot water tanks. 43. The method of claim 42 wherein said photovoltaic cells are used to generate electricity, wherein said fiber optic cables are used to conduct illumination to distant locations, and wherein water in said hot water tanks is heated. 44. The method of claim 40 wherein said highly transparent plate comprises sheet glass or an optically-transparent polymer and is mounted vertically on a side of a building as a window. 