Electrical power apparatus is disclosed for selectively powering either a three-phase ac motor or a single-phase ac motor. A dc/ac inverter is configured to provide appropriately phased input signals to the three input terminals of whichever motor is being driven, with no substantial hardware reconfiguration being required. In addition, a special clamp circuit prevents an excessively high voltage from being applied to the inverter by a variable-voltage power source such as a photovoltaic array, whereby the inverter need not be sized to accommodate voltage levels substantially greater than its design voltage.
Claims We claim: 1. Electrical power regulator apparatus for receiving electrical power from a power source, at variable dc voltage and current levels, and for supplying regulated power to a variable load, wherein the power source's open-circuit dc voltage can exceed a predetermined maximum voltage level, the apparatus comprising: a voltage clamp having an input terminal connected to the power source and an output terminal connected to the variable load, wherein the voltage clamp is responsive to the voltage level being supplied to the load, for intermittently shorting out the power source, such that the voltage applied to the load never exceeds the predetermined maximum voltage level, and wherein the voltage clamp includes a storage capacitor connected between the output terminal and a reference, a diode connected between the input terminal and the output terminal, for charging the capacitor to a voltage level, and a switching circuit responsive to the capacitor voltage, for shorting the input terminal to the reference; wherein the capacitor voltage discharges through the load whenever the switching circuit is shorting out the power source. 2. Electrical power regulator apparatus as defined in claim 1, wherein the switching circuit includes: comparator means for comparing the capacitor voltage with a predetermined maximum threshold; and a switchable transistor for shorting out the power source when the comparator means determines that the capacitor voltage exceeds the predetermined maximum threshold. 3. Electrical power regulator apparatus as defined in claim 2, wherein the switching circuit further includes a zener diode/resistor network for generating the predetermined maximum threshold based on the capacitor voltage. 4. Electrical power regulator apparatus as defined in claim 1, wherein the switching circuit includes: a first comparator for comparing the capacitor voltage with a predetermined maximum threshold; a switchable transistor for shorting out the power source when the first comparator determines that the capacitor voltage exceeds the predetermined maximum threshold; and a second comparator for comparing the capacitor voltage with a predetermined minimum threshold, lower than the predetermined maximum threshold; wherein the switchable transistor terminates its shorting out of the power source when the second comparator determines that the capacitor voltage has dropped below the predetermined minimum threshold. 5. Electrical power regulator apparatus as defined in claim 4, wherein the switching circuit further includes a zener diode/resistor network for generating the predetermined maximum and minimum thresholds based on the capacitor voltage. 6. Electrical power regulator apparatus as defined in claim 1, wherein the variable load includes a dc-to-ac inverter for converting the capacitor voltage to three ac voltage signals having predetermined phases relative to each other, for selectively driving either a three-phase motor having three input terminals and three windings or a single-phase motor having three input terminals and two windings. 7. Electrical power regulator apparatus as defined in claim 1, wherein the power source includes a photovoltaic array. 8. Electrical power regulator apparatus as defined in claim 1, wherein: the variable load includes a power inverter for converting the capacitor voltage to three ac voltage signals having predetermined phases relative to each other, for selectively driving either a three-wire, three-phase ac motor or a three-wire, single phase ac motor; and the power inverter comprises an input terminal for receiving the capacitance voltage relative to a reference, and first, second and third pairs of electrical switches, each pair including first and second series-connected switches connected between the input terminal and the reference, with the nodes between the first and second switches of the switch pairs forming first, second and third output terminals, wherein the first, second and third output terminals are connectable to the input terminals of either a three-phase ac motor, having three input terminals and three windings, or a single-phase ac motor, having three input terminals and two windings, and a controller for controllably switching ON and OFF the switches according to a predetermined sequence that provides high-speed pulse-width modulation, such that the apparatus is selectively conditioned to drive either the three-phase motor or the single-phase motor. 9. A process for regulating electrical power from a power source, at variable dc voltage and current levels, and for supplying the regulated power to a variable load, wherein the power source's open-circuit dc voltage can exceed a predetermined maximum voltage level, the process comprising: connecting the power source to the variable load; comparing the dc voltage being applied to the variable load with the predetermined maximum voltage level; intermittently shorting out the power source, such that the voltage applied to the load never exceeds the predetermined maximum voltage level; connecting a storage capacitor across the variable load; and connecting a diode between the variable load and the power source; wherein the diode is forward biased and the storage capacitor charges when the power source is not shorted out, and wherein the diode is reversed biased and the storage capacitor discharges to provide power to the load when the power source is shorted out. 10. The process for regulating electrical power as defined in claim 9, wherein intermittently shorting out the power source is effected using a switchable transistor. 11. The process for regulating electrical power as defined in claim 9, wherein intermittently shorting out the power source comprises: shorting out the power source when the voltage applied to the variable load reaches the predetermined maximum voltage; and terminating the shorting out of the power source when the voltage applied to the variable load drops below a predetermined minimum voltage. 12. The process for regulating electrical power as defined in claim 11, and further comprising generating maximum and minimum thresholds using a zener diode/resistor network. 13. The process for regulating electrical power as defined in claim 9, wherein the power source includes a photovoltaic array. 14. Electrical power regulator apparatus for receiving electrical power from a power source, at variable dc voltage and current levels, and supplying regulated power to a variable load, wherein the power source's open-circuit dc voltage can exceed a predetermined maximum voltage level, the apparatus comprising: a voltage clamp having an input terminal connected to the power source and an output terminal connected to the variable load, wherein the voltage clamp includes a switch connected between the input terminal and a return terminal, the switch intermittently providing a dc current path between the input terminal and the return terminal of sufficiently low resistance to prevent the voltage applied to the load from exceeding the predetermined maximum voltage level. 15. Electrical power regulator apparatus as defined in claim 14, wherein the voltage clamp includes: a storage capacitor connected between the output terminal and a reference; a diode connected between the input terminal and the output terminal, for charging the capacitor to a voltage level; and a circuit responsive to the capacitor voltage, for actuating the switch to intermittently couple the input terminal to the return terminal; wherein the capacitor voltage discharges through the load whenever the input terminal is coupled to the return terminal. 16. Electrical power regulator apparatus as defined in claim 15, wherein: the circuit responsive to the capacitor voltage includes comparator means for comparing the capacitor voltage with the predetermined maximum voltage level; and the switch is a switchable transistor for intermittently coupling the input terminal to the return terminal when the comparator means determines that the capacitor voltage exceeds the predetermined maximum voltage level. 17. Electrical power regulator apparatus as defined in claim 16, wherein the circuit responsive to the capacitor voltage further includes a zener diode/resistor network for generating the predetermined maximum voltage level based on the capacitor voltage. 18. Electrical power regulator apparatus as defined in claim 15, wherein the circuit responsive to the capacitor voltage includes: a first comparator for comparing the capacitor voltage with a predetermined maximum voltage level; and a second comparator for comparing the capacitor voltage with a predetermined minimum voltage level, lower than the predetermined maximum voltage level; wherein the switch is a switchable transistor for intermittently coupling the input terminal to the return terminal when the first comparator determines that the capacitor voltage exceeds the predetermined maximum voltage level; and wherein the switchable transistor terminates its intermittently coupling the input terminal to the return terminal when the second comparator determines that the capacitor voltage has dropped below the predetermined minimum voltage level. 19. Electrical power regulator apparatus as defined in claim 18, wherein the circuit responsive to the capacitor voltage further includes a zener diode/resistor network for generating the predetermined maximum and minimum voltage levels based on the capacitor voltage. 20. Electrical power regulator apparatus as defined in claim 15, wherein the variable load includes a dc-to-ac inverter for converting the capacitor voltage to three ac voltage signals having predetermined phases relative to each other, for selectively driving either a three-phase motor having three input terminals and three windings or a single-phase motor having three input terminals and two windings. 21. Electrical power regulator apparatus as defined in claim 14, wherein the power source includes a photovoltaic array. 22. Electrical power apparatus as defined in claim 14, wherein the switch intermittently provides a dc current path between the input terminal and the return terminal such that the voltage between the input terminal and the return terminal drops substantially to zero. 23. A process for regulating electrical power received from a power source at variable dc voltage and current levels, and for supplying the regulated power to a variable load, wherein the power source's open-circuit dc voltage can exceed a predetermined maximum voltage level, the process comprising: intermittently reducing the resistance along a dc current path between a first terminal of the power source and a return terminal, to a resistance sufficiently low to reduce the power source's voltage to a value below the predetermined maximum voltage level, when the power source is operating such that its open-circuit dc voltage would exceed the predetermined maximum voltage level. 24. The process of claim 23, wherein the step of intermittently reducing the resistance comprises reducing the resistance between the first terminal and the return terminal, to a resistance sufficient to reduce the voltage to a value below the predetermined maximum voltage level, when the voltage level being supplied to the load reaches the predetermined maximum voltage level. 25. The process of claim 24, wherein the step of intermittently reducing the resistance further comprises increasing the resistance between the first terminal and the return terminal, to a resistance sufficient to increase the voltage to at least the predetermined maximum voltage level. 26. The process of claim 25, wherein: the step of reducing the resistance between the first terminal and the return terminal includes reducing the resistance sufficiently to reduce the voltage to a value at or below a predetermined minimum voltage level, lower than the predetermined maximum voltage level; and the step of increasing the resistance occurs when the voltage level being supplied to the load reaches the predetermined minimum voltage level. 27. The process for regulating electrical power as defined in claim 23, and further comprising: connecting a storage capacitor across the variable load; and connecting a diode between the variable load and the power source; wherein the diode is forward biased and the storage capacitor charges when the input terminal is not coupled to the return terminal, and wherein the diode is reverse biased and the storage capacitor discharges to provide power to the load when input terminal is coupled to the return terminal. 28. The process for regulating electrical power as defined in claim 27, wherein intermittently coupling the input terminal to the return terminal is effected using a switchable transistor. 29. The process for regulating electrical power as defined in claim 27, wherein intermittently coupling the input terminal to the return terminal comprises: coupling the input terminal to the return terminal when the voltage applied to the variable load reaches the predetermined maximum voltage; and terminating the coupling of the input terminal to the return terminal when the voltage applied to the variable load drops below a predetermined minimum voltage. 30. The process for regulating electrical power as defined in claim 29, and further comprising generating predetermined maximum and minimum voltage levels using a zener diode/resistor network. 31. The process for regulating electrical power as defined in claim 23, wherein the power source includes a photovoltaic array. 32. The process of claim 23, wherein the step of intermittently reducing the resistance comprises reducing the resistance along the dc current path between the first terminal of the power source and the return terminal, to a resistance sufficiently low to reduce the power source's voltage substantially to zero. 