A portable device for receiving satellite signals and displaying the signals as video. Preferably, the device includes a portable supporting member such as a hinged enclosure case, a satellite antenna, and a display monitor. The satellite antenna is preferably of a flat configuration and is mounted to the support, and the display monitor is preferably a flat video screen mounted to the same support. The required satellite receiver electronics and video decoder may be mounted to the portable support and powered by one or more batteries to provide an integrated and easily transported system to receive and view video relayed by satellite. A PCMCIA card slot and a microcontroller can be provided with the device to provide additional features such as cellular modem use, PCS wireless access, RS-232 port emulation, or GPS position location.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device for receiving a video signal from a satillite, said device comprising: a hand-held support having a first portion movably connected to a second portion, said first portion being movable from a closed position with respect to the second portion to an open position with respect to the second portion; a satellite antenna supportably mounted to said hand-held support for receiving the video signal; a decoder operatively coupled to said satellite antenna including forward error correction logic that forward error corrects the video signal, wherein the decoder is fixably mounted to said hand-held support and is operational when the first portion is in the open position; and a display monitor operatively coupled to the decoder and mounted on said hand-held support, said display monitor being operational when the first portion is in the open position. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein said hand-held support further comprises a front side and a rear side, and the satellite antenna is mounted to the front side of said support. 3. The device of claim 2 wherein said display monitor is mounted to the rear side of said support. 4. The device of claim 1 wherein said hand-held support further comprises an enclosure including a cover and a base. 5. The device of claim 4 wherein said cover is removably connected to said base by a hinge. 6. The device of claim 5 wherein said satellite antenna is mounted to said cover. 7. The device of claim 6 wherein said display monitor is mounted to said base. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein said display monitor further comprises a flat-panel display and a portable personal computer. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein said display monitor is removably mounted to said support. 10. The device of claim 1 wherein said antenna is removably mounted to said hand-held support. 11. The device of claim 4 wherein said antenna is mounted on an outside of said enclosure. 12. A device for receiving a signal from a satellite, said device comprising: a hand-held support having a first portion and a second portion, the first portion connected by a hinge to the second portion, wherein said first portion is movable from a closed position with respect to the second portion to an open position with respect to the second portion; a satellite antenna mounted on said hand-held support; satellite receiver electronics supportably mounted on said hand-held support and operatively coupled to the satellite antenna; a decoder fixably mounted on said hand-held support and in communication with said satellite receiver electronics; and a video display monitor mounted on said hand-held support and in communication with said decoder. 13. The device of claim 12 wherein said hand-held support comprises a unitary housing, wherein said satellite receiver electronics, and said decoder are disposed in the unitary housing and wherein said flat satellite antenna is mounted on said unitary housing. 14. The device of claim 12 further comprising user controls including keys adapted to control the decoder. 15. The device of claim 12 further comprising a PCMCIA card slot coupled to said decoder. 16. The device of claim 12 wherein said satellite antenna further comprises a continuous transverse stub antenna. 17. The device of claim 12 wherein said antenna is removably mounted to said support. 18. The device of claim 12 wherein said satellite receiver electronics further comprises: a tuner/demodulator that receives signals from said satellite antenna, said tuner/demodulator in communication with said satellite antenna; logic that forward error corrects said signals; and transport logic that decrypts said signals. 19. The device of claim 12 wherein said hand-held support further comprises an enclosure including a cover hingeably connected to a base. 20. The device of claim 19 wherein said satellite receiver electronics and said decoder are contained within said enclosure. 21. The device of claim 19 least one audio output mounted to said enclosure. 22. The device of claim 19 wherein said satellite antenna is mounted to said enclosure. 23. The device of claim 22 wherein said satellite antenna is mounted to said cover. 24. The device of claim 19 further comprising a display monitor mounted to said enclosure. 25. The device of claim 24 wherein said display monitor further comprises a flat-panel display and a portable personal computer. 26. A device for receiving a signal from a satellite, said device comprising: an enclosure including a first mounting panel and a second mounting panel, said first panel connected by at least one hinge to said second panel, said panels movable from a closed position to an open position wherein in said open position said panels are separated by an acute angle about said hinge; a satellite antenna positioned adjacent to said first panel; and a display monitor positioned adjacent to one of said panels. 27. The device as recited in claim 26 wherein said antenna is mounted on said first panel and said display monitor is mounted on said second panel, and said first panel and said second panel are detachable at said hinge. 28. The device as recited in claim 26 wherein said first panel and said second panel each include an outside face and an inside face, and said antenna is mounted on said outside face of said first panel and said display monitor is mounted on said outside face of said second panel. 29. The device as recited in claim 28 wherein said antenna is hingeably mounted to said outside face of said first panel to allow said antenna to be positionable away from the plane of said first panel. 30. The device as recited in claim 26 further comprising: a tuner/demodulator that receives signals from said satellite antenna, said tuner/demodulator in communication with said satellite antenna; and a decoder in communication with said tuner/demodulator; said tuner/demodulator and said decoder mounted on at least one of said inside faces of said panels. 31. A device for receiving a signal from a satellite, said device comprising: a hand-held enclosure having a first portion movably connected to a second portion, wherein said first portion is movable from a closed position with respect to the second portion to an open position with respect to the second portion; a satellite antenna supportably mounted to said hand-held enclosure that receives the signal from the satellite; a tuner/demodulator operatively coupled to the satellite antenna to receive the satellite signal from said satellite antenna, said tuner/demodulator fixably housed within said hand-held enclosure; a decoder fixably housed within said hand-held enclosure and including forward error correction logic that forward error corrects the satellite signal to produce a video signal; and a display monitor operatively coupled to the decoder that displays the video signal, said display monitor housed within said hand-held enclosure; wherein said satellite antenna, said tuner/demodulator, said decoder and said display monitor are operational when the first portion is in the open position. 32. The device of claim 31 wherein said hand-held enclosure comprises a unitary housing. 33. The device of claim 32 further comprising fold-out speaker mounted within said unitary housing. 34. The device of claim 31 further comprising a PCMCIA card slot coupled to said decoder. 35. The device of claim 31 wherein said tuner/demodulator, tuner/demodulator, decoder, and display monitor are mounted to said hand-held enclosure using a plurality of dampening devices. 36. The device of claim 31 wherein said antenna is mounted to said hand-held enclosure using a hinge. 37. The device of claim 31 wherein said antenna further comprises a flat satellite antenna. 38. The device of claim 37 wherein said antenna further comprises a phased-array antenna. 39. The device of claim 37 wherein said antenna further comprises a continuous transverse stub element. 40. The device of claim 37 wherein said antenna is mounted within the interior of said hand-held enclosure. 41. The device of claim 31 wherein said decoder receives a digitally compressed video signal. 42. The device of claim 31 wherein said display further comprises a portable personal computer housed within said hand-held enclosure, said computer in communication with said decoder. 43. The device of claim 31 wherein said display further comprises a flat panel liquid-crystal display. 44. The device of claim 31 wherein said display further comprises a flat panel plasma gas display. 45. The device of claim 31 further comprising a visor for shading sunlight from said display. 46. The device of claim 31 further comprising a membrane sealing said enclosure to prevent water from reaching the interior of said enclosure. 47. The device of claim 31 further comprising a stand for supporting said hand-held enclosure. 48. The device of claim 31 further comprising a removable frame secured within said hand-held enclosure wherein said frame contains the tuner/demodulator and said decoder. 49. A device for receiving a signal from a satellite, said device comprising: an enclosure including a base and a cover hinged to said base; a satellite antenna mounted to said enclosure that receives satellite signals; a tuner/demodulator that receives signals from said satellite antenna, said tuner/demodulator housed within said enclosure; a decoder housed within said enclosure; and a display monitor displaying video signals, said display monitor housed within said enclosure. 50. The device of claim 49 wherein said cover may be retainably hinged in an open position. 51. The device of claim 50 further comprising at least one handle mounted to said enclosure. 52. A device for receiving a satellite signal from a satellite, said device comprising: an enclosure; a satellite antenna mounted to said enclosure that receives the satellite signal; a tuner/demodulator that receives the satellite signal from said satellite antenna, said tuner/demodulator housed within said enclosure; a decoder housed within said enclosure; and a display monitor displaying video signals, said display monitor housed within said enclosure; wherein said enclosure comprises a plurality of walls and said antenna is mounted to receive said satellite signals through at least one of the plurality of walls of said enclosure. 53. The device of claim 52 wherein said at least one of the walls further comprises electromagnetically transparent plastic. 54. A device for receiving a signal from a satellite, said device comprising: a hand-held support having a first portion movably connected to a second portion, wherein said first portion is movable from a closed position with respect to the second portion to an open position with respect to the second portion; a display monitor mounted to said hand-held support; a satellite antenna input fixably mounted to said hand-held support; satellite receiver electronics fixably mounted to said hand-held support and communicatively coupled with said satellite antenna input; and forward error correction logic that forward error corrects the signal from the satellite; wherein said display monitor, said satellite receiver electronics and said forward error correction logic are operational when the first portion is in the open position. 55. The device of claim 54 wherein said hand-held support further comprises a hinged enclosure. 56. The device of claim 55 wherein said satellite receiver electronics further comprises a tuner/demodulator that receives signals from said satellite antenna input, said tuner/demodulator in communication with said satellite antenna input; logic that forward error corrects said signals; and transport logic that decrypts said signals. 57. The device of claim 56 further comprising a satellite antenna remote from said hand-held support. 58. The device of claim 57 wherein said satellite antenna input further comprises a removable jack that receives a cable from said satellite antenna. 59. A device for receiving a satellite signal from a satellite, said device comprising: a hand-held housing having a first portion and a second portion, the first portion connected by a first hinge to the second portion, wherein said first portion is movable from a closed position with respect to the second portion to an open position with respect to the second portion; a satellite antenna mounted to said hand-held housing; and a display monitor mounted within said hand-held housing. 60. A device for communicating via a satellite, said device comprising: a hand-held portable housing having a first portion movably connected to a second portion, wherein said first portion is movable from a closed position with respect to the second portion to an open position with respect to the second portion; a satellite antenna mounted within said hand-held portable housing; a display monitor mounted within said hand-held portable housing; a video camera mounted within said hand-held portable housing; a microphone mounted within said hand-held portable housing; and a decoder fixably mounted to said hand-held portable housing and including forward error correction logic; wherein said antenna, said display monitor, said video camera, said microphone, and said decoder are in communication with each other and cooperate to allow audio and video teleconferencing via a satellite with said device when the first portion is in the open position. 61. The device of claim 60 further comprising a cellular modem within said hand-held portable housing and in communication with said video camera. 62. A portable satellite earth station for decoding a satellite signal, comprising: a unitary hand-held portable housing including a flip-open section having a first portion and a second portion, the first portion connected by a hinge to the second portion, wherein said first portion is movable from a closed position with respect to the second portion to an open position with respect to the second portion; a display monitor disposed within the unitary hand-held portable housing; a receiver for receiving the satellite signal; and a satellite signal decoder disposed within the unitary hand-held portable housing for decoding the satellite signal and providing the decoded signal to the display monitor. 63. The portable satellite earth station of claim 62, further including a fold-out speaker coupled to the decoder. 64. The portable satellite earth station of claim 62, further including an access card slot coupled to the decoder. 65. The portable satellite earth station of claim 64, wherein the access card slot is a smart card slot. 66. The portable satellite earth station of claim 62, wherein the display monitor includes an LCD monitor connected to the flip-open section of the hand-held portable housing. 67. The portable satellite earth station of claim 62, further including user controls disposed within the hand-held portable housing. 68. The portable satellite earth station of claim 67, wherein the user controls include dedicated keys adapted to control the decoding of the satellite signal. 69. The portable satellite earth station of claim 68, wherein the dedicated keys have shapes related to control functions associated with the keys. 70. The portable satellite earth station of claim 68, wherein the user controls include navigational controls. 71. The portable satellite earth station of claim 62, including a PCMCIA card slot coupled to the decoder. 72. The portable satellite earth station of claim 71, wherein the PCMCIA card is coupled to the decoder through a telephone modem and a microprocessor. 73. The portable satellite earth station of claim 72, further including a rechargeable battery pack coupled to the decoder, wherein the battery pack is adapted to be coupled through an external power jack to an external power supply. 74. The portable satellite earth station of claim 73, wherein the external power jack is adapted to be coupled to an external solar cell array power supply. 75. The portable satellite earth station of claim 62, further including a flat antenna disposed within the unitary hand-held portable housing. 76. The portable satellite earth station of claim 62, further including a battery/power conditioning unit. 77. A portable satellite earth station for decoding a satellite signal, comprising: a unitary housing including a flip-open section; a display monitor disposed within the unitary housing; a receiver for receiving the satellite signal; a satellite signal decoder disposed within the unitary housing for decoding the satellite signal and providing the decoded signal to the display monitor, wherein the display monitor includes an LCD monitor connected to the flip-open section of the housing; and a power switch on the flip-open section that provides power to the LCD monitor and to the decoder when the flip-open section is in an open position. 78. A portable satellite earth station including: a hand-held portable housing having a first portion and a second portion, the first portion connected by a hinge to the second portion, wherein said first portion is movable from a closed position with respect to the second portion to an open position with respect to the second portion; a receiver disposed within the hand-held portable housing adapted to receive a satellite signal; a decoder disposed within the hand-held portable housing that decodes the satellite signal; a microprocessor disposed within the hand-held portable housing coupled to the decoder that controls the decoder; and a PCMCIA card slot disposed within the hand-held portable housing and coupled to the microprocessor, wherein the PCMCIA card slot is adapted to receive a PCMCIA card for implementation via the microprocessor. 79. The satellite earth station of claim 78, wherein the PCMCIA card slot is adapted to accept a cellular communication PCMCIA card, and wherein the PCMCIA card slot is coupled to the microprocessor through a telephone communication modem. 80. The satellite earth station of claim 79, further including a telephone jack coupled to the telephone communication modem. 81. The satellite earth station of claim 80, wherein the PCMCIA card slot and the telephone jack are coupled to the telephone communication modem through a switch. 82. The satellite earth station of claim 78, wherein the microprocessor includes software for implementing functions associated with a PCMCIA card when the PCMCIA card is disposed within the PCMCIA card slot. 83. The satellite earth station of claim 78, wherein the microprocessor includes a first microprocessor portion that controls the decoder and a second microprocessor coupled to the PCMCIA card slot that is adapted to implement functions associated with a PCMCIA card when the PCMCIA card is disposed within the PCMCIA card slot. 84. The satellite earth station of claim 78, wherein the decoder, the microprocessor, and the PCMCIA card slot are all disposed within a portable unitary housing. 85. The satellite earth station of claim 78, wherein the decoder and the microprocessor are disposed within a portable unitary housing and wherein the PCMCIA card slot is disposed externally to the portable unitary housing and is coupled to the microprocessor via a wire connector. 86. The satellite earth station of claim 78, wherein the decoder, the microprocessor, and the PCMCIA card slot are all disposed within a stationary housing unit. 87. The satellite earth station of claim 78, wherein the earth station is stationary and the decoder and the microprocessor are disposed within a stationary housing unit and wherein the PCMCIA card slot is disposed externally to the stationary housing unit and is coupled to the stationary housing unit via a wire connector. 