An energy supply system which utilizes a vaporizing chamber containing a vaporisable liquid. A heat source is supplied to vaporize the liquid which drives an engine to produce mechanical energy. A condenser is connected to the engine to condense the vapor back to a liquid, which is then fed back to the vaporizing chamber. The mechanical energy is used to supply usable electrical energy and to power an electrolysis plant which separates water into its constituent parts. The constituent parts are stored for subsequent energy-creating recombination in an electricity-producing fuel cell and/or a heat energy-producing underwater burner. The heat energy produced by the underwater burner is used to heat a water supply surrounding the burner.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A domestic energy supply system comprising: a vaporizing chamber containing a vaporisable fluid; a heat source capable of supplying heat to turn said vaporisable fluid from a liquid to a vapor, said heat source comprising an energy source selected from one or more of the group consisting of a wind generated energy source, a solar energy source, a flue gas energy source, and a source in which energy is derived from the decomposition of organic matter; an energy-conversion means connected to said vaporizing chamber which is driven by said vapor to produce mechanical energy; a condenser for cooling said vapor and condensing said vapor back to liquid, said condenser being connected to said energy conversion means; feed means connected to said condenser which returns said liquid to said vaporizing chamber; water in electrical contact with means for producing electrolysis of water to separate said water into its constituent parts connected to said energy-conversion means and powered by at least a portion of said mechanical energy; and means for producing a recombination of the constituent parts of said water to produce energy, connected to said means for producing electrolysis, comprising a fuel cell to produce electrical energy, and an underwater burner for producing heat energy to heat a domestic water supply surrounding said underwater burner. 2. A domestic energy supply system comprising: a vaporizing chamber containing a vaporisable fluid; a heat source capable of supplying heat to turn said vaporisable fluid from a liquid to a vapor, said heat source comprising an energy source selected from one or more of the group consisting of a wind generated energy source, a solar energy source, a flue gas energy source, and a source in which energy is derived from the decomposition of organic matter; a positive displacement device connected to said vaporizing chamber which is driven by said vapor to produce mechanical energy; a condenser for cooling said vapor and condensing said vapor back to liquid, said condenser being connected to said a positive displacement device; feed means connected to said condenser which returns said liquid to said vaporizing chamber; water in electrical contact with means for producing electrolysis of water to separate said water into its constituent parts connected to said positive displacement device and powered by at least a portion of said mechanical energy; and means for producing a recombination of the constituent parts of said water to produce energy, connected to said means for producing electrolysis, comprising a fuel cell to produce electrical energy, and an underwater burner for producing heat energy to heat a domestic water supply surrounding said underwater burner. 3. A domestic energy supply system comprising: a vaporizing chamber containing vaporisable fluid; a heat source capable of supplying heat to turn said vaporisable fluid from a liquid to a vapor, said heat source comprising an energy source selected from one or more of the group consisting of a wind generated energy source, a solar energy source, a flue gas energy source, and a source in which energy is derived from the decomposition of organic matter; energy-conversion means connected to said vaporizing chamber which is driven by said vapor to produce mechanical energy; a condenser for cooling said vapor and condensing said vapor back to liquid, said condenser being connected to said energy conversion means; feed means connected to said condenser which returns said liquid to said vaporizing chamber; water in electrical contact with means for producing electrolysis of water to separate said water into its constituent parts connected lo said energy-conversion means and powered by at least a portion of said mechanical energy; and an underwater burner. connected to said means for producing electrolysis, for producing a recombination of the constituent parts of said water for producing heat energy to heat a domestic water supply surrounding said underwater burner. 4. A domestic energy supply system according to claim 1 or 3, wherein said energy-conversion means is a positive displacement device. 5. A domestic energy supply system according to claim 2, wherein said means for producing electrolysis of water is connected to said positive displacement device via an electrical generator which uses said mechanical energy produced by said positive displacement device to generate output electrical power to said means for producing electrolysis of water. 6. A domestic energy supply system according to claim 5, further comprising a regulation means, operable to monitor said output electrical power from said electrical generator, said regulation means being adapted to control the energy-creating recombination of the constituent parts of said water and initiate operation of said electrolysis means in response to variations in said output electrical power. 7. A domestic energy supply system according to claims 1 or 3, wherein said means for producing electrolysis of water is contacted to said energy-conversion means via an electrical generator which uses said mechanical energy produced by said energy-conversion means to generate output electrical power to said means for producing electrolysis of water. 8. A domestic energy supply system according to claim 7, further comprising a regulation means, operable to monitor said output electrical power from said electrical generator, said regulation means being adapted to control the energy-creating recombination of the constituent parts of said water and initiate operation of said electrolysis means in response to variations in said output electrical power. 9. A domestic energy supply system according to claims 1, 2, or 3, further comprising an inlet to said condenser for supplying cooling fluid to said condenser and an outlet from said condenser for removing cooling fluid. 