There is provided the combination of a corrugated solar collector panel and a building surface to which it is attached, in spaced relationship. At least some of the panel corrugations are flat and located such that they face in the general direction of the sun during at least a portion of the daylight hours. Generally uniformly distributed apertures are provided in the panel, and specifically at flat areas in the corrugations. The combination further includes photovoltaic cells mounted to the corrugations at flat portions thereof containing the apertures, with the cells being supported substantially parallel with and adjacent to but spaced apart from the flat surfaces, thus leaving air passages between the photovoltaic cells and the solar collector, whereby air can enter and leave the enclosed space by flowing through the air passages and along the undersides of the photovoltaic cells, thus removing excess heat build-up from the voltaic cells. In a variant, the photovoltaic cells are incorporated into individual panels adapted to span several corrugations.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows: 1. In combination: a generally corrugated solar collector panel adapted to be secured to a building surface in spaced relation thereto, to define therewith an enclosed space, a substantially flat surface defined by each of at least some of the panel corrugations, each substantially flat surface being configured and located such that it faces in the general direction of the sun during at least a portion of the daylight hours, at least part of the panel having a plurality of generally uniformly distributed apertures, said at least part of the panel including at least a portion of said flat surfaces of the corrugations, a plurality of substantially flat photovoltaic cells, and mounting means securing the photovoltaic cells to the corrugations at said flat surfaces where the latter contain said apertures, said photovoltaic cells being supported parallel with and adjacent to but spaced apart from said flat surfaces, thus leaving air passages between the photovoltaic cells and the collector panel whereby air can enter and leave said enclosed space by flowing through said air passages and along the undersides of the photovoltaic cells, thus removing excess heat build-up from the photovoltaic cells. 2. The combination claimed in claim 1, in which the corrugations of the collector panel are substantially trapezoidal when seen in section. 3. The combination claimed in claim 1, in which the apertures are distributed over substantially the entire surface of the solar collector panel. 4. The combination claimed in claim 2, in which the apertures are distributed over substantially the entire surface of the solar collector panel. 5. The combination of a building which defines a surface that generally faces in the direction of the sun during at least part of the daylight hours, with a generally corrugated solar collector panel secured to said surface in spaced relation thereto, to define therewith an enclosed space; a substantially flat surface defined by each of at least some of the panel corrugations, each substantially flat surface being configured and located such that it faces in the general direction of the sun during at least a portion of the daylight hours; at least part of the panel having a plurality of generally uniformly distributed apertures, said at least part of the panel including at least a portion of said flat surfaces of the corrugations; a plurality of substantially flat photovoltaic cells; and mounting means securing the photovoltaic cells to the corrugations at said flat surfaces where the latter contain said apertures, said photovoltaic cells being supported parallel with and adjacent to but spaced apart from said flat surfaces, thus leaving an air passage between each photovoltaic cell and the adjacent part of the collector panel whereby air can enter and leave said enclosed space by flowing through said air passage and along the underside of the photovoltaic cell, thus removing excess heat build-up from the photovoltaic cell. 6. The combination claimed in claim 5, in which the corrugations of the collector panel are substantially trapezoidal when seen in section. 7. The combination claimed in claim 5, in which the said apertures are distributed over substantially the entire surface of the solar collector panel. 8. The combination claimed in claim 6, in which the said apertures are distributed over substantially the entire surface of the solar collector panel. 9. The combination claimed in claim 5, further including air-moving means operatively associated with said enclosed space, by which air can be positively urged to move through said apertures. 10. The combination claimed in claim 8, further including air-moving means operatively associated with said enclosed space, by which air can be positively urged to move through said apertures. 11. The combination claimed in claim 1, in which said flat surfaces defined by panel corrugations are substantially in planar alignment and alternate with recessed portions of the corrugations, said photovoltaic cells being incorporated into photovoltaic panels which overlie at least part of said flat surfaces and which span at least part of said recessed portions. 12. The combination claimed in claim 5, in which said flat surfaces defined by panel corrugations are substantially in planar alignment and alternate with recessed portions of the corrugations, said photovoltaic cells being incorporated into photovoltaic panels which overlie at least part of said flat surfaces and which span at least part of said recessed portions. 