An improved waterjet propelled kayak having a removable power supply enabling the kayak and separate power supply to be easily transported over land by a single user.
Claims I claim: 1. A kayak comprising a. a kayak hull having a cockpit, said cockpit further comprising an opening formed in said hull for a kayak operator; b. at least one compartment located behind said cockpit defined by at least one bulkhead, said hull and at least one hatch for receiving a removable power source; c. a means for accelerating water sternward disposed within said hull; d. a means for connecting said power source to said means for accelerating water sternward; e. intake means communicating with a body of water on which the kayak is located for providing water to the means for accelerating water; f. a means for steering said kayak; g. a throttle means operatively connected to said power source and controllable by an operator of said kayak; and h. a means located in said compartment for removably mounting said power source, said power source further comprising a fuel source and a motor. 2. The kayak of claim 1 wherein the fuel source is a tank for containing combustible fuel and the motor is an internal combustion engine. 3. The kayak of claim 1 wherein the motor is an electric motor. 4. The kayak of claim 3 wherein said hull further comprises at least one solar panel for collecting solar energy and said battery is operatively connected to said solar panel. 5. The watercraft of claim 1 comprising a watertight hatch for accessing said means for accelerating water sternward and a watertight hatch for accessing said steering and throttle means. 6. The watercraft of claim 1 wherein the means for accelerating water sternward is a water jet propulsion unit. 7. The watercraft of claim 1 wherein said fuel source is received and contained in a first compartment directly aft of said cockpit and said motor is received and contained in a second compartment aft of said first compartment. 8. A watercraft comprising a. kayak hull having a cockpit; b. at least one compartment defined by at least one bulkhead and said hull and at least one hatch disposed on said hull for receiving a removable power source; c. a means for accelerating water sternward disposed within said hull; d. a means for connecting said power source to said means for accelerating water sternward; e. intake means communicating with a body of water on which the watercraft is located for providing water to the means for accelerating water; f. a means for steering said watercraft; g. a throttle means operatively connected to said power source and controllable by an operator of said watercraft; and h. a means located in said compartment for removably mounting said power source and wherein said removable mounting means is a pair of parallel rails each having a top and a side, said rails aligned along a longitudinal axis of said watercraft and disposed on the floor of said hull, each of said rails further comprising a slotted opening formed along at least one side of each rail, said slots of said rails facing each other, said rails each further having at least one notched opening formed within its top. 9. The watercraft of claim 3 wherein said power source comprises a base plate which slidably and removably engages said pair of parallel rails. 10. The watercraft of claim 4 wherein said rails further comprise at least one power source retaining means. 11. The watercraft of claim 5 wherein said power source retaining means is an overcenter clamp. 12. The kayak of claim 6 wherein said fuel source is received and contained in a first compartment directly aft of said cockpit and said motor is received and contained in a second compartment aft of said first compartment. 