Electro-optical glazing structures having total-reflection and semi-transparent and totally-transparent modes of operation which are electrically-switchable for use in dynamically controlling electromagnetic radiation flow in diverse applications.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electro-optical glazing structure having reflection and transmission modes of operation for selectively reflecting and transmitting electromagnetic radiation, respectively, said electro-optical glazing structure comprising: an electro-optical glazing panel of laminated construction, having first and second optical states of operation, wherein said electro-optical glazing panel comprises at least one cholesteric liquid crystal (CLC) electromagnetic radiation polarizing panel, and wherein the CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panel comprises a CLC material with a non-linear distribution of the CLC throughout the electromagnetic radiation polarizing panel; and optical state switching means for switching said electro-optical glazing panel to said first optical state of operation in order to induce said electro-optical glazing structure into said reflection mode of operation, and for switching said electro-optical glazing panel to said second optical state of operation in order to induce said electro-optical glazing structure into said transmission mode of operation. 2. The electro-optical glazing structure of claim 1, wherein said electro-optical glazing panel comprises: a first electrically cholesteric liquid crystal (CLC) electromagnetic radiation polarizing panel; a second electrically-passive CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panel; and an electrically-active .pi.-phase retardation panel interposed between said first and second electrically-passive CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panels. 3. The electro-optical glazing structure of claim 2, wherein said first and second electrically-passive CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panels reflect electromagnetic radiation having a first circularly polarized state when said electro-optical glazing panel is switched to said first optical state of operation, wherein said first and second electrically-passive CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panels transmit electromagnetic radiation having a second circularly polarized state when said electro-optical glazing panel is switched to said first optical state of operation; and wherein said first and second electrically-passive CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panels reflect electromagnetic radiation having either said first state or said second state when said electro-optical glazing panel is switched to said second optical state of operation. 4. The electro-optical glazing structure of claim 1, wherein said electro-optical glazing panel comprises: a first electrically-active cholesteric liquid crystal (CLC) electromagnetic radiation polarizing panel; a second electrically-active CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panel; and an electrically-passive .pi.-phase retardation panel interposed between said first and second electrically-active CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panels. 5. The electro-optical glazing structure of claim 4, wherein said first and second electrically-active CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panels reflect electromagnetic radiation having a first circularly polarized state when said electro-optical glazing panel is switched to said first optical state of operation, wherein said first and second electrically-active CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panels transmit electromagnetic radiation having a second circularly polarized state when said electro-optical glazing panel is switched to said first optical state of operation; and wherein said first and second electrically-active CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panels transmit electromagnetic radiation having either said first state or said second state when said electro-optical glazing panel is switched to said second optical state of operation. 6. The electro-optical glazing structure of claim 1, wherein said electro-optical glazing panel comprises: a first electrically-active cholesteric liquid crystal (CLC) electromagnetic radiation polarizing panel; and a second electrically-active CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panel adjacent said first electrically-active CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panel. 7. The electro-optical glazing structure of claim 6, wherein said first electrically-active CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panel reflects electromagnetic radiation having a first circularly polarized state when said electro-optical glazing panel is switched to said first optical state of operation, and wherein said first electrically-active CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panel transmits electromagnetic radiation having a second circularly polarized state when said electro-optical glazing panel is switched to said first optical state of operation; wherein said second electrically-active CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panel reflects electromagnetic radiation having said second state when said electro-optical glazing panel is switched to said first optical state of operation, and wherein said second electrically-active CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panels transmits electromagnetic radiation having said first state when said electro-optical glazing panel is switched to said first optical state of operation; wherein said first and second electrically-active CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panels transmit more than 50% of electromagnetic radiation having either said first state or said second state when said electro-optical glazing panel is switched to said second optical state of operation. 8. The electro-optical glazing structure of claim 1, which further comprises: a window frame for mounting said electro-optical glazing panel within a house or office building, or aboard a transportation vehicle. 9. The electro-optical glazing structure of claim 8, which further comprises: a electromagnetic-sensor mounted on said window frame, for sensing electromagnetic conditions; a battery supply mounted within said window frame, for providing electrical power; a electromagnetic-powered battery recharger mounted within said window frame, for recharging the battery; electrical circuitry mounted within said window frame, for producing glazing control voltages for switching said first and second optical states of operation; and a programmable micro-computer chip mounted within said window frame, for controlling the operation of said battery recharger and said electrical circuitry, and the production of said glazing control voltages as required by a radiation flow control program stored within said programmable microcontroller. 10. A pair of sunglasses, comprising: a frame; and a pair of glazing structures of claim 1 supported within said frame. 11. An intelligent window system for dynamic electromagnetic radiation control which comprises: a plurality of said electro-optical glazing structures of claim 8, each mounted within a house or office building, or aboard a transportation vehicle; and a central control computer for coordinating the operation of said electro-optical glazing structures. 12. A composite electro-optical glazing structure which comprises: a plurality of said electro-optical glazing structures of claim 1, stacked together as a composite electro-optical structure, wherein said composite electro-optical structure has more than two said optical states of operation which permit complex levels of electromagnetic radiation control. 13. The electro-optical glazing structure of claim 1, which has high reflection, semi-transparent and greater than 50% transparent modes of operation for improved control over the flow of electromagnetic radiation within the solar region of the electromagnetic spectrum (i.e. Solar Spectrum). 14. The electro-optical glazing structure of claim 1, wherein the transmission of the visible portion of the electromagnetic spectrum is controlled and wherein the IR portion of the electromagnetic spectrum is reflected. 15. The electro-optical glazing structure of claim 1, comprising an electrically-active phase retardation panel interposed between a pair of single layer electrically-passive electromagnetic radiation polarizing panels, both of which are capable of reflecting electromagnetic radiation of a first linear polarization state, whereby a highly reflective state of operation and a semi-transparent state of operation are provided over the electromagnetic region of the electromagnetic spectrum. 16. The electro-optical glazing structure of claim 1, comprising an electrically-active .pi.-phase retardation panel interposed between a first and a second electrically-passive single layer electromagnetic radiation polarizing panel, the first panel reflecting electromagnetic radiation of a first linear polarization state, the second panel reflecting electromagnetic radiation of a second linear polarization state, whereby a reflective state of operation and a semi-transparent state of operation are provided over a region of the electromagnetic spectrum. 17. The electro-optical glazing structure of claim 1, comprising an electrically-passive .pi.-phase retardation panel interposed between a pair of electrically-active CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panels, both of which are capable of reflecting electromagnetic radiation of a first circularly polarized state, whereby a highly reflective state of operation and a highly transparent state of operation are provided over a region of the electromagnetic spectrum. 18. The electro-optical glazing structure of claim 1, comprising a pair of electrically-active CLC electromagnetic radiation polarizing panels, one of which is capable of reflecting electromagnetic radiation of a first circularly polarized state and the other of which is capable of reflecting electromagnetic radiation of a second circularly polarized state, whereby a highly reflective state of operation and a highly transparent state of operation are provided over a region of the electromagnetic spectrum. 19. An actively-controlled window or viewing panel constructed from the electro-optical glazing structure of claim 1, wherein the transmission and reflection of electromagnetic radiation can be dynamically controlled over a broad-band region of the electromagnetic spectrum, from greater than 50% transmission to high reflection. 20. An actively-controlled window or viewing panel constructed from the electro-optical glazing structure of claim 1, wherein the electromagnetic radiation over the IR regions of the electromagnetic spectrum can be reflected, rather than absorbed, reducing the temperature cycle range which the window structure is required to undergo. 21. An intelligent window system for installation within a house or office building, or aboard a transportation vehicle such as an airplane or automobile, wherein an electro-optical glazing structure of claim 1 is supported within a prefabricated window frame, within which are mounted: a electromagnetic-sensor for sensing electromagnetic conditions in the outside environment; a battery supply for providing electrical power; a electromagnetic-powered battery recharger for recharging the battery; electrical circuitry for producing glazing control voltages for driving the electrically-active elements of the electro-optical glazing supported within the window frame; and a micro-computer chip for controlling the operation of the battery recharger and electrical circuitry and the production of glazing control voltages as required by a radiation flow control program stored within the programmed microcontroller. 22. The electro-optical glazing structure of claim 1 which is designed for integration within the heating/cooling system of a house, office building, factory or vehicle in order to control the flow of broad-band electromagnetic radiation through the electro-optical window structure, while minimizing thermal loading upon the heating/cooling system thereof. 23. An intelligent pair of shutter glasses, in which each optical element is realized using an electro-optical glazing structure of claim 1 fashioned to the dimensions of a shutter glass frame. 24. The electro-optic glazing structure of claim 1, wherein the electro-optic glazing structure of claim 1 controls the transmission and reflection of visible light in combination with: an electro-optic glazing structure which separately controls the transmission and reflection of infra-red light. 25. The electro-optical glazing structure of claim 1, wherein the electro-optic glazing structure of claim 1 controls the transmission and reflection of infra-red light in combination with: an electro-optic glazing structure which separately controls the transmission and reflection of visible light. 26. A stereoscopic 3-D viewing device in the form of eyeglasses, comprising: a pair of optical elements positionable before the eyes of a user of said eyeglasses, each said optical element including an electro-optical glazing structure having reflection and transmission modes of operation for selectively reflecting and transmitting electromagnetic radiation, respectively,, said electro-optical gazing structure comprising: an electro-optical glazing panel of laminated construction, having first and second optical states of operation; and optical state switching means for switching said electro-optical glazing panel to said first optical state of operation in order to induce said electro-optical glazing structure into said reflection mode of operation where said electro-optical glazing panel reflects circularly polarized radiation, and for switching said electro-optical glazing panel to said second optical state of operation in order to induce said electro-optical glazing structure into said transmission mode of operation, whereby said eyeglasses can control electromagnetic radiation during stereoscopic 3-D viewing or monoscopic 2-D viewing of displayed images (i.e. virtual world viewing), or during stereoscopic viewing of real world objects. 27. A stereoscopic 3-D viewing device in the form of eyeglasses, comprising: a pair of optical elements positionable before the eyes of a user of said eyeglasses, each said optical element including an electro-optical glazing structure having reflection and transmission modes of operation for selectively reflecting and transmitting electromagnetic radiation, respectively, said electro-optical glazing structure comprising: an electro-optical glazing panel of laminated construction, having first and second optical states of operation; and optical state switching means for switching said electro-optical glazing panel to said first optical state of operation in order to induce said electro-optical glazing structure into said reflection mode of operation, and for switching said electro-optical glazing panel to said second optical state of operation in order to induce said electro-optical glazing structure into said transmission mode of operation, whereby said eyeglasses can control electromagnetic radiation during stereoscopic 3-D viewing or monoscopic 2-D viewing of displayed images (i.e. virtual world viewing), or during stereoscopic viewing of real world objects. 