A multiple lens solar heating unit consisting of a piping component, a housing component with a transparent housing cap, holes within the housing component for entry and exit of the piping component, multiple lens mounting braces affixed parallel wise to inner walling of the housing component, a plurality of external lens holders mounted to the braces by mounting pins and rotatably pivotable in an XY plane, an equivalent plurality of internal lens holders mounted one each to each external lens holder by mounting pins and rotatably pivotable in an XZ plane and an equivalent plurality of magnifying lens mounted one each within each internal lens holder.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A Multiple Lens Solar Heating Unit, comprising: a. a liquid conducting piping component conjoined and leading from piping within a building and conjoined to and leading to other piping within said building; b. a housing component circumscribing virtually the whole of said piping component; c. a first through hole within a lateral side of said housing component for entry of a first portion of said piping component into said housing component; d. said piping component being located near and running parallel to a bottom side of said housing component; e. a second through hole within said lateral side of said housing component for exit of an end portion of said piping component out of said housing component; f. said piping component traversing to and fro from said first lateral side of said housing component to near a second lateral side of said housing component within said housing component by way of curved end elbow portions thereof beginning with said first portion and terminating with said end portion; g. An anteriormost multiple lens mounting brace mounted to inner walling of said first lateral side of said housing component and inner walling of said second lateral side of said housing component; h. A posteriormost multiple lens mounting brace mounted to inner walling of said first lateral side of said housing component and inner walling of said second lateral side of said housing component; i. a plurality of equivalent anterior external lens holders mounted row wise to inner walling of an anterior side of said housing component and to an anterior side of said anteriormost multiple lens mounting brace; j. a plurality of equivalent posterior external lens holders mounted row wise to inner walling of a posterior side of said housing component and to a posterior side of said posteriormost multiple lens mounting brace; k. a plurality of remnant multiple lens mounting braces mounted parallel to said anteriormost multiple lens mounting brace and parallel to said posteriormost multiple lens mounting brace and mounted to said inner walling of said first lateral side of said housing components and a said inner walling of said second lateral side of said housing component; l. a plurality of equivalent remnant external lens holders mounted row wise to each of said multiple lens mounting braces such that each of said external lens holders is mounted to a back side of one of said remnant multiple lens mounting braces and to a front side of another one of said remnant multiple lens mounting braces; m. paired mounting means for pivotably mounting said anterior external lens holders to said inner walling of said anterior side of said housing component and said anterior side of said anteriormost mounting brace; n. paired mounting means for pivotably mounting said posterior external lens holders to said inner walling of said posterior side of said housing component and said posterior side of said posteriormost mounting brace; o. paired mounting means for pivotably mounting said remnant external lens holders to said remnant multiple lens mounting braces; p. a plurality of internal lens holders mounted one each within each of said anterior external lens holders, one each within each of said posterior external lens holders and one each within each of said remnant external lens holders; q. second paired mounting means for pivotably mounting said internal lens holders to said anterior external lens holders, said posterior external lens holders and said remnant external lens holders; r. a lens holding seat located within each said internal lens holder; s. a magnifying lens positioned upon each said lens holding seat within each said internal lens holder; t. a removable transparent housing cap affixed to top edges of said anterior side, said first lateral side, said posterior side and said second lateral side of said housing component; u. said anterior external lens holders, said posterior external lens holders and said remnant external lens holders being pivotably rotatable about said paired mounting means in an XY plane; v. said internal lens holders being pivotably rotatable about said second paired mounting means in an XY plane, and; w. said anteriormost multiple lens mounting brace, said posteriormost multiple lens mounting brace and said remnant multiple lens mounting braces being located within said housing component between the location therein of said piping component and the location of said removable transparent housing cap. 