A sun following swivel beach chair (10) comprising a structure (12) for supporting a person at rest. A facility (14) is for elevating the supporting structure (12) off the ground (16). An assembly (18) within the elevating facility (14) is for rotating the supporting structure (12) about a vertical axis three hundred and sixty degrees, so that the person in the supporting structure (12) can follow the movement of the sun (20) in the sky, to receive rays (22) from the sun (20) for suntanning purposes.
Claims What is claimed is new and desired to be protected by letters patent is set forth in the appended claims: 1. A sun following swivel beach chair comprising: a) means for supporting a person at rest, said supporting means including a seat portion; a backrest portion extending from said seat portion; and a leg rest portion extending from said seat portion opposite from said backrest portion; b) means for elevating said supporting means off the ground, said elevating means including a frame unit including a pair of arm rests, each armrest extending upwardly at a right angle position along one side of said seat portion of said supporting means, said frame unit engaging said seat portion of said supporting means; a plurality of legs; and means for mounting said legs downwardly with respect to said frame unit; c) means within said elevating means, for rotating said supporting means about a vertical axis three hundred and sixty degrees, so that the person in said supporting means can follow the movement of the sun in the sky, to receive rays from the sun for suntanning purposes; d) a pair of hook members; e) a pair of bolts for pivotally mounting said hook members to opposite corners of said leg rest portion, so that said hook members can engage with said seat portion of said supporting means; and f) said armrests hinged to said frame unit, so as to go between the right angle position and a horizontal position, to allow said leg rest portion to pivot about on one of said bolts, be supported upon one said armrest in the horizontal position and function as a side table top. 2. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 1, further including a plurality of shoes, in which each said shoe is mounted to a bottom end of one said leg, so that said legs can be placed firmly upon the ground which may be a sand terrain. 3. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 1, wherein each said leg is formed of a plurality of segmented telescopic parts with a latch mechanism between said segmented telescopic parts, so that each said leg can be extended for use and be collapsed to fold up under said housing when not in use. 4. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 1, further including a towel attached at one end to an upper end of said backrest portion of said supporting means, so that in a first instance said towel can be rolled up to function as a headrest for the person in said supporting means, and in a second instance said towel can be unrolled to function as a head cover to protect the head of the person from the rays of the sun. 5. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 1, wherein said backrest portion and said leg rest portion are straight. 6. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 2, wherein said backrest portion and said leg rest portion are curved. 7. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 1, further including a beverage holder having a clip attachable to either of said armrests of said frame unit. 8. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 1, wherein said mounting means includes a housing having an open bottom with a plurality of side sockets about side walls of said housing, so that a top end of each said leg will extend from one of said side sockets. 9. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 8, wherein each said side socket is an inverted U-shaped slot, while each said leg is tubular and is pivotally mounted at said top end within one said side socket, so that said top ends of said legs can pivot within said side sockets. 10. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 8, wherein said rotating means includes: a) a swivel plate that turns on a top surface of said housing; and b) a stub shaft extending upwardly from said swivel plate which engages centrally with said frame unit. 11. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 10, further including means for automatically operating said swivel plate, so that said frame unit will turn with respect to the position of the sun in the sky. 12. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 11, wherein said automatically operating means includes: a) said swivel plate having gear teeth about its circumference; b) a servo motor mounted to one said side wall of said housing; c) a drive shaft extending from said servo motor over said top surface of said housing; d) a worm on a distal end of said drive shaft in engagement with said gear teeth on said swivel plate; e) a spike stand to engage with a sand terrain; f) a computer on said spike stand; g) an elongated electrical cord connected between said computer and said servo motor; and h) a solar sensor on said computer having a plurality of solar panels each electrically connected to said computer, so that each of said solar panels of said solar sensor activated by movement of the sun will send signals to said computer, to operate said servo motor to rotate said drive shaft with said worm and turn said gear teeth on said swivel plate to properly position said chair with respect to the sun in the sky. 13. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 1, wherein said backrest portion and said leg rest portion are both adjustably connected to said seat portion. 14. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 13, wherein said mounting means includes a housing having an open bottom with a plurality of side sockets about side walls of said housing, so that a top end of each said leg will extend from one of said side sockets. 15. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 14, wherein each said side socket is an inverted U-shaped slot, while each said leg is tubular and is pivotally mounted at said top end within one said side socket, so that said top ends of said legs can pivot within said side sockets. 16. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 15, wherein said rotating means includes: a) a swivel plate that turns on a top surface of said housing; and b) a stub shaft extending upwardly from said swivel plate which engages centrally with said frame unit. 17. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 16, further including a plurality of shoes, in which each said shoe is mounted to a bottom end of one said leg, so that said legs can be placed firmly upon the ground which may be a sand terrain. 18. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 17, wherein each said leg is formed of a plurality of segmented telescopic parts with a latch mechanism between said segmented telescopic parts, so that each said leg can be extended for use and be collapsed to fold up under said housing when not in use. 19. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 18, further including a towel attached at one end to an upper end of said backrest portion of said supporting means, so that in a first instance said towel can be rolled up to function as a headrest for the person in said supporting means, and in a second instance said towel can be unrolled to function as a head cover to protect the head of the person from the rays of the sun. 20. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 19, wherein said backrest portion and said leg rest portion are straight. 21. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 19, wherein said backrest portion and said leg rest portion are curved. 22. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 19, further including a beverage holder having a clip attachable to either of said armrests of said frame unit. 23. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 19, further including means for automatically operating said swivel plate, so that said frame unit will turn with respect to the position of the sun in the sky. 24. A sun following swivel beach chair as recited in claim 23, wherein said automatically operating means includes: a) said swivel plate having gear teeth about its circumference; b) a servo motor mounted to one said side wall of said housing; c) a drive shaft extending from said servo motor over said top surface of said housing; d) a worm on a distal end of said drive shaft in engagement with said gear teeth on said swivel plate; e) a spike stand to engage with said sand terrain; f) a computer on said spike stand; g) an elongated electrical cord connected between said computer and said servo motor; and h) a solar sensor on said computer having a plurality of solar panels each electrically connected to said computer, so that each of said solar panels of said solar sensor activated by movement of the sun will send signals to said computer, to operate said servo motor to rotate said drive shaft with said worm and turn said gear teeth on said swivel plate to properly position said chair with respect to the sun in the sky. 