A system for flush mounting an object like a solar panel to a roof. The system uses a frame which is coupled to an outer circumference of the object. The frame is used to support and hold the object flush to the roof. An overhang member is coupled to an outside section of the frame. The overhang member is used for supporting roof flashing which is placed under the overhang member. This allows the object to be directly flashed to the roof flashing and further prevents water from seeping in between the object to be flush mounted and the roof flashing.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for flush mounting a solar panel to a roof comprising, in combination: a solar panel; a frame coupled to an outer circumference of said solar panel for supporting said solar panel on said roof; an overhang member coupled to an outside section (of said frame for supporting a roof sheathing placed under said overhang member and for preventing water from seeping in between said solar panel and said roof sheathing; and a bottom pan section located below both of said frame and said solar panel substantially between said solar panel and said roof and coupled to said frame for collecting moisture which may have formed inside said solar panel such that said water and light will not enter an establishment where said system is mounted. 2. A system for flush mounting a solar panel to a roof in accordance with claim 1 wherein said frame further comprises: a bottom edge member coupled to said frame for supporting said solar panel to be flush mounted; and a top edge member coupled to a top inside section of said frame for supporting said solar panel to be flush mounted. 3. A system for flush mounting a solar panel to a roof in accordance with claim 1 wherein a bottom section of said overhang member begins approximately 2.5 inches above a bottom section of said frame. 4. A system for flush mounting a solar panel to a roof in accordance with claim 1 wherein a bottom section of said overhang member has a gap of approximately 0.5 inches between said frame and said bottom section of said overhang member. 5. A system for flush mounting a solar panel to a roof in accordance with claim 2 wherein said bottom pan section has a plurality of holes drilled therethrough to allow said moisture which has collected in said bottom pan section to be discharged. 6. A system for flush mounting an solar panel to a roof in accordance with claim 2 wherein said bottom pan section further has stand pipes coupled thereto for allowing water feed and return lines to enter and exit said solar panel to be mounted. 7. A system for flush mounting a solar panel to a roof in accordance with claim 6 wherein said stand pipes are of a sufficient height to ensure that water collecting in said bottom pan section will not flow over a top of said stand pipes and into said establishment where said system is installed. 8. A system for flush mounting a solar panel to a roof in accordance with claim 1 further comprising moldable metal sheets placed over said roof sheathing and which conform to roofing tiles for preventing water seepage in between said solar panel to be flush mounted and said roof sheathing. 9. A system for flush mounting a solar panel to a roof comprising, in combination: a solar panel; a frame coupled to an outer circumference of said solar panel and having a bottom inside edge member and a top inside edge member for supporting said solar panel on said roof; an overhang member coupled to an outside section of said frame for supporting a roof sheathing placed under said overhang member and for preventing water from seeping in between said solar panel and said roof sheathing; a bottom pan section located below both of said frame and said solar panel substantially between said solar panel and said roof and coupled to said frame for collecting moisture which may have formed inside said solar panel such that said water and light will not enter an establishment where said system is mounted; and moldable metal sheets placed over said roof sheathing and which conform to roofing tiles for preventing water seepage in between said solar panel and said roof sheathing. 10. A system for flush mounting a solar panel to a roof in accordance with claim 9 wherein a bottom section of said overhang member begins approximately 2.5 inches above a bottom section of said frame. 11. A system for flush mounting a solar panel to a roof in accordance with claim 9 wherein a bottom section of said overhang member has a gap of approximately 0.5 inches between said frame and said bottom section of said overhang member. 12. A system for flush mounting a solar panel to a roof in accordance with claim 9 wherein said bottom pan section has a plurality of holes drilled therethrough to allow said moisture which has collected in said bottom pan section to be discharged. 13. A system for flush mounting an solar panel to a roof in accordance with claim 9 wherein said bottom pan section further has stand pipes coupled thereto for allowing water feed and return lines to enter and exit said solar panel to be mounted. 14. A system for flush mounting a solar panel to a roof in accordance with claim 13 wherein said stand pipes are of a sufficient height to ensure that water collecting in said bottom pan section will not flow over a top of said stand pipes and into said establishment where said system is installed. 15. A method for providing a system for flush mounting a solar panel to a roof comprising the steps of: providing a solar panel; providing a frame coupled to an outer circumference of said solar panel for supporting said solar panel on said roof; providing an overhang member coupled to an outside section of said frame for supporting roof sheathing placed under said overhang member and for preventing water from seeping in between said solar panel and said roof sheathing; and providing a bottom pan section located below both of said frame and said solar panel substantially between said solar panel and said roof and coupled to said frame for collecting moisture which may have formed inside said solar panel such that said water and light will not enter an establishment where said system is mounted. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein said step of providing said frame further comprises the steps of: providing a bottom edge member coupled to said frame for supporting said solar panel to be flush mounted; and providing a top edge member coupled to a top inside section of said frame for supporting said solar panel to be flush mounted. 17. The method of claim 15 wherein said step of providing an overhang member further comprises the step of providing an overhang member having a bottom section which begins approximately 2.5 inches above a bottom section of said frame. 18. The method of claim 15 wherein said step of providing an overhang member further comprises the step of providing an overhang member having a bottom section which has a gap of approximately 0.5 inches between said frame and said bottom section of said overhang member. 19. The method of claim 15 further comprising the step of providing moldable metal sheets placed over said roof sheathing and which conform to roofing tiles for preventing water seepage in between said solar panel to be flush mounted and said roof sheathing. 20. The method of claim 15 wherein said step of providing said bottom pan section further comprises the step of providing said bottom pan section having a plurality of holes drilled therethrough to allow said moisture which has collected in said bottom pan section to be discharged. 21. The method of claim 15 wherein said bottom pan section further has stand pipes coupled thereto for allowing water feed and return lines to enter and exit said solar panel to be mounted. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein said stand pipes are of a sufficient height to ensure that water collecting in said bottom pan section will not flow over a top of said stand pipes and into said establishment where said system is installed. 