Mounting an anode on a coated surface of a metal structure exposed to the atmosphere; connecting a cathode to a main body of the metal structure; connecting the anode and the cathode to a solar battery; whereby when a defective part is generated on the coated surface of the metal structure and water film is formed on the coated surface, establishing a corrosive condition of the metal structure, a current is automatically flowed between the anode and the cathode to prevent corrosion of the metal structure.
Claims We claim: 1. A simplified cathodic corrosion protection method for a metal structure comprising the steps of: mounting an anode on a coated surface of a metal structure exposed to the atmosphere; connecting a cathode to a main body of said metal structure; connecting said anode and said cathode to a solar battery; wherein when a defective part is generated on said coated surface of said metal structure and water film is formed on said coated surface, establishing a corrosive condition of said metal structure, a current is automatically flowed between said anode and said cathode to prevent corrosion of said metal structure. 2. The simplified cathodic corrosion protection method for a metal structure as claimed in claim 1, wherein instability of output of said solar cell is compensated for by a long-life secondary rechargeable battery. 3. The simplified cathodic corrosion protection method for a metal structure as claimed in claim 2, wherein said current is applied under a constant voltage. 4. The simplified cathodic corrosion protection method for a metal structure as claimed in claim 1, wherein said current is applied under a constant voltage. 5. A simplified cathodic corrosion protection apparatus for a metal structure characterized by comprising at least: an anode mounted on a coated surface of a metal structure exposed to the atmosphere; a cathode connected to a main body of said metal structure; a solar battery connecting said anode and said cathode to output terminals of itself, wherein when a defective part is generated on said coated surface of said metal structure and water film is formed on said coated surface, establishing a corrosive condition of said metal structure, a current is automatically flowed between said anode and said cathode to prevent corrosion of said metal structure. 6. The simplified cathodic corrosion protection apparatus for a metal structure as claimed in claim 5, further comprising a long-life secondary rechargeable battery for compensating for instability of output of said solar battery in addition to said solar battery and storing when electric power produced by said solar battery is in excess, as said current supply source. 7. A simplified cathodic corrosion protection apparatus for a metal structure characterized by comprising at least: a plate-formed having a recess opening on an upper surface and formed at the center with a round hole opening at a bottom surface, a solar battery connecting its anode to said recess and encased in said recess, and in said round hole a needle-like cathode urged by an urging member to protrude outward and connected with cathode of said solar battery. 8. The simplified cathodic corrosion protection apparatus for a metal structure as claimed in claim 7, further comprising a long-life secondary rechargeable battery as a current supply source disposed in said recess in addition to said solar battery for compensating for instability of output of said solar battery and storing when electric power produced by said solar battery is in excess. 9. The simplified cathodic corrosion protection apparatus for a metal structure as claimed in claim 8, wherein an insulating adhesive layer for fixing said metal structure is formed on a bottom surface of said plate-formed anode. 10. The simplified cathodic corrosion protection apparatus for a metal structure as claimed in claim 7, wherein an insulating adhesive layer for fixing said metal structure is formed on a bottom surface of said plate-formed anode. 