A device for charging a battery (11), comprising a photovoltaic cell power source (8) of which the output voltage (USC) is lower than the voltage (VDD) across the terminals of the battery. Said output voltage is raised by a voltage multiplier (26) controlled by a static unit (27) depending on the two respective voltage levels. The source may advantageously comprise a single cell (8). In a timepiece provided with said charging device, the static control unit (27) can also cut off the power supply to display means (13, 23) and time-keeping circuits (21, 22) when the voltage of the battery (11) is too low. The voltage multiplier may use the motor coil (13) of the display means or any other coil used in the timepiece.
Claims We claim: 1. An electronic timepiece including an electric accumulator, horometric means and display means, said horometric means and said display means being supplied by said accumulator, and a charging device provided with a photovoltaic cell electric power source coupled to said accumulator, wherein said charging device includes a voltage multiplier connected in series between said electric power source and said accumulator and including an inductor which is formed by a coil forming part of said display means or of another device of the timepiece. 2. A timepiece according to claim 1, wherein said display means includes a motor and wherein said coil forms part of said motor. 3. A timepiece according to claim 1, wherein said charging device includes control means arranged for switching said voltage multiplier on and off as a function of the output voltage (U.sub.SC) of said photovoltaic cell power source. 4. A timepiece according to claim 3, comprising means for monitoring a state of charge of said accumulator, said monitoring means being connected to said control means, wherein said control means is also arranged for blocking the supply of said display means when the state of charge of said accumulator is less than a first limit state. 5. A timepiece according to claim 4, wherein said control means is also arranged for blocking the supply of said horometric means when the state of charge of said accumulator is less than said first limit state or than a second limit state. 6. A timepiece according to claim 1, wherein said electric power source includes one or more substantially transparent photovoltaic cells extending in front of said display means, on the side on which the latter are visible. 7. A timepiece according to claim 1, wherein said electric power source includes a single photovoltaic cell. 8. A timepiece according to claim 1, wherein said electric power source includes at least two photovoltaic cells connected in series. 9. A timepiece according to claim 3, wherein said control means includes a comparison unit arranged for receiving an analog signal representative of the output voltage (U.sub.SC) of said electric power source and providing a binary signal (V.sub.SC) indicating whether said output voltage is more or less than a predetermined threshold. 10. A timepiece according to claim 9, wherein said comparison unit is a static comparator supplied by said accumulator. 11. A timepiece according to claim 10, wherein said static comparator is an inverter or follower CMOS circuit, including at least one pair of complementary p and n type transistors, said static comparator having a switching voltage which is fixed by the geometrical dimensions of said transistors. 12. A timepiece according to claim 9, wherein said control means includes a voltage monitoring circuit, receiving as input the voltage (VDD) across the terminals of said accumulator and supplying an accumulator voltage signal (EOL), and a logic circuit receiving said binary signal (V.sub.SC) and said accumulator voltage signal (EOL) and supplying at least one control signal (CONV) to switch said voltage multiplier on or off. 13. An electronic apparatus including an electric accumulator, display means being supplied by said accumulator, and a charging device provided with a photovoltaic cell electric power source coupled to said accumulator, wherein said charging device includes a voltage multiplier connected in series between said electric power source and said accumulator and including an inductor which is formed by a coil forming part of said display means or of another device of the apparatus. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said display means includes a motor and wherein said coil forms part of said motor. 15. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said charging device includes control means arranged for switching said voltage multiplier on and off as a function of the output voltage of said photovoltaic cell power source. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, comprising means for monitoring a state of charge of said accumulator, said monitoring means being connected to said control means, wherein said control means is also arranged for blocking the supply of said display means when the state of charge of said accumulator is less than a first limit state. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, comprising horometric means being supplied by said accumulator, wherein said control means is also arranged for blocking the supply of said horometric means when the state of charge of said accumulator is less than said first limit state or than a second limit state. 18. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said electric power source includes one or more substantially transparent photovoltaic cells extending in front of said display means, on the side on which the latter is visible. 19. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said electric power source includes a single photovoltaic cell. 20. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said electric power source includes at least two photovoltaic cells connected in series. 21. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein said control means includes a comparison unit arranged for receiving an analog signal representative of the output voltage of said electric power source and providing a binary signal indicating whether said output voltage is more or less than a predetermined threshold. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein said comparison unit is a static comparator supplied by said accumulator. 23. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said static comparator is an inverter or follower CMOS circuit, including at least one pair of complementary p and n type transistors, said static comparator having a switching voltage which is fixed by the geometrical dimensions of said transistors. 24. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein said control means includes a voltage monitoring circuit, receiving as input the voltage across the terminals of said accumulator and supplying an accumulator voltage signal, and a logic circuit receiving said binary signal and said accumulator voltage signal and supplying at least one control signal to switch said voltage multiplier on or off. 