A light weight modular solar water heater whereby the entire solar collector of the system can be shipped in a single box by a low cost parcel service (like UPS) which is designed to be easily assembled and installed by one person such as a homeowner, handyman or installer hereinafter referred to as "installer" wherein the preferred embodiment the collector module is shipped in a single box with the frame and solar energy absorber in two sections using a three piece glazing and trim assembly allowing for the collector end sections to be fully assembled at the factory and allowing for the center section to be open for the solar collector installer to have easy access to connect the frame and absorber sections and may be attached to the roof using a unique tabbed mounting rails which allow for the attachment to the roof of multiple collectors using a tabbed U shaped bracket between collectors with absorber connections made using couplers which pull or "float" out of the collector after shipping for connection to each other and the piping to and from the storage tank and pump and for the installer to easily finish the collector by installing the center trim and glazing section.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy collection system suitable for collecting and converting solar energy into thermal energy, the collection system comprising: a first collector side frame member having first two generally parallel opposing sides extending upwardly from a first bottom layer; a first solar energy absorber half section enclosed by said first side frame member; a second collector side frame member having second two generally parallel opposing sides extending upwardly from a second bottom layer; a second solar energy absorber half section enclosed by said second side frame member; center joiner parts adapted to secure the first side frame member to the second side frame member; absorber connection unions adapted to secure the first and second solar energy absorber half sections; tabbed mounting rails adapted to mount the first and second side frame members to a roof; and, a plurality of trim parts adapted to be secured to the exterior surfaces of the side frame members. 2. The solar energy collection system of claim 1 wherein the solar energy absorber half sections further comprise an end union adapted to connect with water feed or return lines. 3. The solar energy collection system of claim 2 further comprising a removable adhesive strip positioned over the absorber connection unions so that the unions may be readily positioned to facilitate connecting together a series of solar energy absorbing panels. 4. The solar energy collection system of claim 1 wherein the first solar energy absorber half section is separated from the bottom of the first side frame member by a layer of insulation, and wherein the second collector side frame member is separated from the bottom of the second side frame member by a layer of insulation. 5. The solar energy collection system of claim 1 wherein the solar energy absorbing panels comprise a serpentine shaped copper absorber. 6. A method for assembly of a solar energy collection system suitable for collecting and converting solar energy into thermal energy, the method comprising: providing a first collector side frame member having two generally parallel opposing sides extending upwardly from a bottom layer; enclosing a first solar energy absorber half section within the opposing sides and bottom layer of said first side frame member; providing a second collector side frame member having two generally parallel opposing sides extending upwardly from a bottom layer; enclosing a second solar energy absorber half section within the opposing sides and bottom layer of said second side frame member; securing the sides of first collector side frame members to the sides of second collector side frame member using center joiner parts; securing the first and second solar energy absorber half sections using absorber connection unions; using tabbed mounting rails to mount the first and second side frame members to a roof; and, attaching a plurality of trim parts to the exterior surfaces of the side frame members. 7. The method for assembly of a solar energy collection system of claim 6 wherein the solar energy absorber half sections further comprise an end union adapted to connect with water feed or return lines. 8. The method for assembly of a solar energy collection system of claim 6 further comprising positioning removable adhesive strips over the absorber connection unions to facilitate connecting together a series of solar energy absorbing panels. 