A system for dispersing birds away from airfields includes a central computer unit and a base antenna system, a hand held transmitter, and a plurality of remotely disposed, positionable gas cannons, each cannon is connected to a single control unit. Each gas cannon produces a high decibel explosion by feeding a combustible gas from a pressurized storage tank housed within the cannon control unit. In addition, the system includes an endless recording of chaotic noises, such as barking dogs, sirens, breaking glass, etc., for broadcasting. The noise broadcasts are via all weather speakers remotely disposed along with the gas cannons. The noises, broadcast in 15-20 second bursts, are made simultaneously or alternatively to the gas cannons. Each control unit has a radio receiver powered by a battery. The central computer unit uses control software and a base antenna enabling transmission of operation instructions to the control units. An operator using the system may select the time and duration in which any combination of cannon firings or noise broadcasts. The hand held transmitter included with the system is used for remote communication to and operation of the central computer unit via the base antenna system.
Claims We claim: 1. A system for generating loud noise to disperse wildlife comprising: a housing located at a first remote site; said housing having a device for producing sound and means for actuating; said device for producing sound having a support platform displaceable from said housing, and said device for producing sound being selected for the group consisting essentially of cannons, chaotic audio, and a combination of cannons and chaotic audio; said means for actuating said sound producing device connected thereto, said means for actuating including a radiant energy receiver; a computer unit located at a second remote site for selectively generating actuation signals, said computer unit including means for transmitting said selectively generated actuation signals to said radiant energy receiver, and said computer including a wireless receiver; handheld wireless remote transmitter means for selectively transmitting command signals to said computer unit, said command signals controlling said computer unit to selectively generate and transmit said actuation signals. 2. The system according to claim 1, said cannons including: a combustion chamber; a fuel storage means for containing a combustible gas under pressure; valve means coupling said fuel storage means to said combustion chamber, said valve means operably responsive to said means for actuating for admitting a predetermined volume of said combustible gas into said combustion chamber; and means for igniting said combustible gas in said combustion chamber; wherein an explosion in said combustion chamber produces a sound for dispersing wildlife. 3. The system according to claim 2, said platform of said device for producing sound further including means for directionally positioning said combustion chamber. 4. The system according to claim 3, said means for directionally positioning including a motor and a motor control unit responsive to said means for actuating. 5. The system according to claim 1, said device for producing sound including: a plurality of sound records; means for randomly and selectively amplifying at least two of said plurality of sound records; and speaker means for audibly reproducing said at least two of said plurality of sounds records. 6. The system according to claim 5, each said cannons of said device for producing sound including: a combustion chamber; a fuel storage means for containing a combustible gas under pressure; valve means coupling said fuel storage means to said combustion chamber, said valve means operably responsive to said means for actuating for admitting a predetermined volume of said combustible gas into said combustion chamber; and means for igniting said combustible gas in said combustion chamber. 7. The system according to claim 6, said platform of said device for producing sound further including means for directionally positioning said combustion chamber, wherein wildlife is dispersed by any combination of noises generated by explosions and sound records. 8. The system according to claim 7, wherein said means for directionally positioning said combustion chamber includes a motor and a motor control unit responsive to said means for actuating. 9. A wildlife scattering system generating loud noises for dispersing wildlife comprising: a plurality of strategically located housings, each of said housings includes a noise unit, each said noise unit comprises a device for producing sound having a mounting means, means for actuating said device, said means for actuating including a controller, and a radiant energy receiver, said device for producing sound being selected for the group consisting essentially of cannons, chaotic audio, and a combination of cannons and chaotic audio; a computer unit located at a base site for selectively generating a plurality of actuation signals, said computer unit including means for transmitting each said selectively generated actuation signal to a respective said radiant energy receiver, and said computer further including a receiver; and transportable wireless remote transmitter means for selectively transmitting command signals to said computer unit, said command signals controlling said computer unit to selectively generate and transmit said actuation signals. 10. The wildlife scattering system according to claim 9, each of said devices for producing sound including a plurality of sound records, means for randomly and selectively amplifying at least two of said plurality of sound records, and speaker means for audibly reproducing said at least two of said plurality of sounds records, said mounting means supporting said speaker means on each said housing. 11. The wildlife scattering system according to claim 10, each of said devices for producing sound further including a combustion chamber, a fuel storage means for containing a combustible gas under pressure, valve means coupling said fuel storage means to said combustion chamber, said valve means operably responsive to said means for actuating for admitting a predetermined volume of said combustible gas into said combustion chamber, and means for igniting said combustible gas in said combustion chamber, said mounting means operatively coupled to randomly and rotationally position said combustion chamber. 12. A system for generating loud noise to disperse wildlife from a land area comprising: a plurality of noise units decisively located about the land area, each of said noise units comprises a housing, a device for directionally producing sound, means for actuating said device, said means for actuating including a controller, and a radiant energy receiver, said device for producing sound being selected for the group consisting essentially of cannons, chaotic audio, and a combination of cannons and chaotic audio; computer means, located at a base site, for selectively generating a plurality of actuation signals; means coupled to said computer means for transmitting each said selectively generated actuation signal to a respective said radiant energy receiver; cableless moveable remote transmitter means for selectively transmitting command signals to said computer unit, said command signals controlling said computer unit to selectively generate and transmit said actuation signals; and receiver means coupled to said computer means for receiving said command signals; wherein said housing supports said device for producing sound, said means for actuating, and said radiant energy receiver. 13. The system according to claim 12, each of said devices for producing sound including a plurality of sound records, means for randomly and selectively amplifying at least two of said plurality of sound records, and speaker means for audibly reproducing said at least two of said plurality of sounds records; and a combustion chamber, a fuel storage means for containing a combustible gas under pressure, valve means coupling said fuel storage means to said combustion chamber, said valve means operably responsive to said means for actuating for admitting a predetermined volume of said combustible gas into said combustion chamber, and means for igniting said combustible gas in said combustion chamber. 14. The system according to claim 13, each of said noise units further including a power supply having a battery and a solar panel for maintaining a charge on said battery, said housing further supports said battery and said solar panel. 15. The system according to claim 14, each of said valves being an electronically controlled in response to said actuation signals. 16. The system according to claim 13, said plurality of sound records being an endless loop, multi-channel recording of different sounds, each said sound having a predetermined length. 17. The system according to claim 16, said predetermined sound length is in the range of 10-25 seconds. 18. The system according to claim 17, said predetermined sound length is in the range of 15-20 seconds. 19. The system according to claim 18, each of said means for randomly and selectively amplifying being a two channel amplifier, and each of said speaker means being at least one weather proof speaker connected to each channel of said two channel amplifier. 