This invention is a remote charging system for use with an electrical storage device mounted in an electric or electric/hybrid vehicle. The system includes a power transmission unit capable of transmitting electrical energy to the electrical storage device via a wireless energy beam. The vehicle includes an antenna capable of receiving the wireless energy beam and transferring the electrical energy to the storage device. The vehicle further includes a translocator for transmitting a coded signal to the power transmission unit corresponding to the location of the vehicle and thereby activating the power transmission unit. The power transmission unit receives and locks onto the coded signal and thereby tracks the vehicle during the charging operation. The translocator signal is transmitted until the electrical storage unit reaches a predetermined level of charge.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A remote charging system for an electrical energy storage unit comprising: a translocator operably connected to the electrical energy storage unit and capable of transmitting a coded signal corresponding to a location of the electrical energy storage unit; a power transmission unit operably connected to a power source capable of receiving the coded signal and further capable of transmitting a wireless power signal to the location of the electrical energy storage unit; a receiving antenna adapted to receive the power signal and operably connected to transmit the power signal to the electrical energy storage unit; and a logic device capable of determining a level of charge in the electrical storage unit, capable of activating the translocator when the level of charge is less than a predetermined level, and capable of deactivating the translocator when the level of charge is greater than a predetermined level. 2. A remote charging system as set forth in claim 1 further comprising: the coded signal further corresponding to an identity of the vehicle; the power transmission unit is capable of recognizing the identity of the vehicle and recording an amount of electrical energy transmitted to the vehicle. 3. A remote charging system for an electrical energy storage device disposed within a vehicle having an electric motor for propelling the vehicle, a regenerative braking system for converting braking energy to the electrical energy, a power usage monitoring system, an operator control, and a motor control system, the remote charging system comprising: a translocator fixedly attached to the vehicle and operably connected to the electrical energy storage device and capable of transmitting a coded signal corresponding to a location of the vehicle; a power transmission unit operably connected to a power source capable of receiving the coded signal; the power transmission unit having a tracking circuitry capable of transmitting a wireless power signal to the location of the vehicle; a receiving antenna fixedly attached to the vehicle and adapted to receive the power signal and operably connected to transmit the power signal to the electrical energy storage unit; the operator control capable of transmitting a function signal corresponding to an operation of the vehicle; the motor control unit adapted to receive the function signal, receive electrical energy from the regenerative braking system, and adapted to receive energy from the electrical energy storage device; and the motor control unit operably connected to the electric motor and the electrical storage system and capable of controlling the electric motor and transmitting energy to the electrical storage system. 4. A remote charging system as set forth in claim 3 further comprising a logic device capable of determining a level of charge in the electrical storage unit, capable of activating the translocator when the level of charge is less than a predetermined level, and capable of deactivating the translocator when the level of charge is greater than a predetermined level. 5. A remote charging system as set forth in claim 3 further comprising: the vehicle having an internal combustion driven electrical generator for transmitting electrical energy to the energy storage device; a logic device capable of determining a level of charge in the electrical storage unit, capable of activating the translocator when the level of charge is less than a predetermined level, and capable of deactivating the translocator when the level of charge is greater than a predetermined level; and the logic device capable of activating the generator when the level of charge is less than a predetermined level and deactivating the generator when the level of charge is greater than a predetermined level. 6. A remote charging system as set forth in claim 3 wherein the antenna having an upper portion and a lower portion further comprises: a rectifying antenna disposed in the upper portion capable of receiving and absorbing the power signal in a radio frequency bandwidth; a solar panel disposed in the lower portion capable of receiving and absorbing the power signal in a laser frequency bandwidth; and the rectifying antenna adapted to allow the laser frequency power signal to pass therethrough. 7. The remote charging system as set forth in claim 3 wherein the power transmission unit is mounted to a satellite positioned in a low orbit above the earth. 8. A remote charging system as set forth in claim 3 further comprising: a translocator control unit removably mounted within the vehicle and capable of receiving an electronic code corresponding to a predetermined amount of energy; and the translocator control unit operably connected to the translocator and capable of activating the translocator until the electronic code is depleted. 9. A remote charging system as set forth in claim 3 further comprising a point of purchase controller operably connected to the power transmission unit and capable of operating in electronic currency exchange with an operator to control the amount of electrical energy transmitted to the vehicle by the power transmission unit. 10. A remote charging system as set forth in claim 1 further comprising: a logic device operably connected to the plurality of power transmitting units capable of identifying a vehicle from the coded signal and recording the identity of the vehicle and an amount of electrical energy transmitted to the vehicle; the logic device capable of controlling the transmission of the power signal to a plurality of vehicles according to a predetermined priority scheme. 11. A remote charging system as set forth in claim 3 wherein the power usage monitoring system includes a metered readout corresponding to a level of charge of the electrical energy storage device. 12. A remote charging system for a plurality of electrical energy storage devices having a translocator operably connected to the electrical energy storage device and capable of transmitting a coded signal corresponding to a location and an identity of the electrical energy storage device, a receiving antenna adapted to receive a wireless power signal and operably connected to transmit the power signal to the electrical energy storage unit, the remote charging system comprising: a power transmission unit operably connected to a power source capable of receiving the coded signals and further capable of transmitting a separate wireless power signal to the locations of the electrical energy storage devices. 13. A remote charging system for a plurality of electrical energy storage devices having a translocator operably connected to the electrical energy storage device and capable of transmitting a coded signal corresponding to a location and an identity of the electrical energy storage device, a receiving antenna adapted to receive a wireless power signal and operably connected to transmit the power signal to the electrical energy storage unit, the remote charging system comprising: a plurality of power transmitting units having a transmitting range operably connected to a power source capable of receiving the coded signals and further capable of transmitting a separate wireless power signal to the locations of the electrical energy storage devices positioned within the range of the power transmitting units. 