A method of simultaneously controlling East/West and North/South positioning and unloading momentum of a spacecraft while orbiting an object. The spacecraft has a thruster array and a momentum accumulator. The method entails moving said spacecraft towards a node of the orbit. At a predetermined position on the orbit, separate from the node, a thruster of the thruster array is fired so as to control the orbital position of the spacecraft. While the thruster is being fired, momentum is dumped from the momentum accumulator at the predetermined position so that any loss in control in the attitude of the spacecraft is reduced.
Claims We claim: 1. A method of simultaneously controlling East/West and North/South positioning and unloading momentum of a spacecraft while orbiting the Earth, said spacecraft having a thruster array, an on-board processor capable of receiving stationkeeping commands from a ground station located on the Earth that correspond to desired spacecraft velocity changes and capable of calculating thruster firing parameters necessary to meet both stationkeeping and momentum dumping requirements of said spacecraft, and a momentum accumulator, said method comprising the steps of: receiving desired spacecraft velocity changes from said ground station; moving said spacecraft towards a node of said orbit; calculating, solely using said on-board processor, thruster firing parameters necessary to meet said stationkeeping requirements and momentum dumping requirements; firing a thruster of said thruster array at a predetermined position on said orbit, separate from said node, so as to control the orbital position of said spacecraft, wherein said predetermined position is calculated by said on-board processor; and simultaneously dumping momentum from said momentum accumulator at said predetermined position and while said thruster is being fired so that any loss in control in the attitude of said spacecraft is reduced. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein said step of dumping momentum comprises gimballing a thruster of said thruster array. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein said fired thruster and said gimballed thruster are one and the same. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of continuously monitoring momentum stored by said momentum accumulator. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein said spacecraft comprises a first momentum dumper and a second momentum dumper, said method comprising the steps of: continuously monitoring the amount of momentum stored by said momentum accumulator; and wherein said step of dumping momentum comprises dumping momentum from one or both of said first and second momentum dumpers in response to the amount of momentum stored by said momentum accumulator. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the location of said predetermined position is determined based upon a predetermined amount of momentum which needs to be dumped from said spacecraft during said momentum dumping step. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein said predetermined position is located approximately 30.degree. from said node. 8. A method of simultaneously controlling East/West and North/South positioning and unloading momentum of a spacecraft while orbiting the Earth, said spacecraft having first, second, third and fourth thrusters, an on-board processor capable of receiving stationkeeping commands from a ground station located on the Earth that correspond to desired spacecraft velocity changes and capable of calculating thruster firing parameters necessary to meet both stationkeeping and momentum dumping requirements of said spacecraft, and a momentum accumulator, said method comprising the steps of: moving said spacecraft towards a node of said orbit; calculating, solely using said on-board processor, thruster firing parameters necessary to meet said stationkeeping requirements and momentum dumping requirements; firing said first thruster at a predetermined position on said orbit, separate from said node, so as to control the orbital position of said spacecraft, wherein said predetermined position is calculated by said on-board processor; and simultaneously dumping momentum from said momentum accumulator at said predetermined position and while said first thruster is being fired so that any loss in control in the attitude of said spacecraft is reduced. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the location of said predetermined position is determined based upon a predetermined amount of momentum which needs to be dumped from said spacecraft during said momentum dumping step. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein said first, second, third and fourth thrusters are arranged at a northwest corner, a northwest corner, a southwest corner and a southeast corner, respectively, of a rectangular array. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising the steps of: moving said spacecraft past said node of said orbit; firing said second thruster at a second predetermined position on said orbit, separate from said node, so as to control the orbital velocity and attitude of said space-craft; and dumping momentum from said momentum accumulator at said second predetermined position and while said second thruster is being fired so that any loss in control in the attitude of said spacecraft is reduced. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein said second predetermined position is located up to 30.degree. from said node. 13. The method of claim 11, further comprising the steps of: moving said spacecraft towards a second node of said orbit; firing said third thruster at a third predetermined position on said orbit, separate from said second node, so as to control the orbital velocity and attitude of said space-craft; and dumping momentum from said momentum accumulator at said third predetermined position and while said third thruster is being fired so that any loss in control in the attitude of said spacecraft is reduced. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein said third predetermined position is located up to 30.degree. from said second node. 15. The method of claim 13, further comprising the steps of: moving said spacecraft past said second node of said orbit; firing said fourth thruster at a fourth predetermined position on said orbit, separate from said second node, so as to control the orbital position of said spacecraft; and dumping momentum from said momentum accumulator at said fourth predetermined position and while said fourth thruster is being fired so that any loss in control in the attitude of said spacecraft is reduced. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein said fourth predetermined position is located up to 30.degree. from said second node. 17. The method of claim 8, wherein said predetermined position is located up to 30.degree. from said node. 18. A method of simultaneously controlling East/West and North/South positioning and unloading momentum from a momentum accumulator on a spacecraft, said spacecraft including an on-board processor capable of receiving stationkeeping commands from a ground station located on the Earth that correspond to desired spacecraft velocity changes and capable of calculating thruster firing parameters necessary to meet both stationkeeping and momentum dumping requirements of said spacecraft, a first momentum dumper and a second momentum dumper, said method comprising the steps of: monitoring the amount of momentum stored by said momentum accumulator; calculating thruster firing parameters necessary to meet both stationkeeping and momentum dumping requirements of said spacecraft solely by utilizing said on-board processor; and activating one or both of said first and second momentum dumpers to simultaneously dump momentum from said momentum accumulator in response to the momentum dumping requirement calculated by said on-board processor. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein said first momentum dumper comprises a thruster. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein said second momentum dumper comprises a gimbaled solar panel. 21. The method of claim 18, wherein said second momentum dumper comprises a magnetic torquer. 