An active solar reflector, preferably mounted within a transparent dome, tracks the sun from sunrise to sunset to reflect impinging solar radiation into a room or other space to be lighted. The reflector includes a plurality of angled mirrors mounted one behind the other and of progressively increasing heights to intercept and reflect as large a flat plate area of solar radiation as possible. The mirrors are mounted upon a support rotatable about an axis to track the sun and to have the mirrors continuously reflect the impinging solar radiation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An active solar reflector disposed within a solar radiation transmissive dome for reflecting solar radiation into a space within a building, said reflector comprising in combination: (a) a motor assembly having a shaft for rotating said solar reflector to track the sun; (b) a mounting bracket disposed beneath the dome for supporting said motor assembly; (c) a bar adapted to rotate in response to rotation of a shaft of said motor assembly; (d) a pair of rails having midpoints attached to and extending transversely from said bar; (e) a plurality of mirrors mounted upon said pair of rails at an angle to reflect solar radiation transmitted through the dome into the space, each mirror of said plurality of mirrors having a longitudinal length and a lateral width, each mirror of said plurality of mirrors having a progressively increased width from the front mirror to the rear mirror; and (f) each mirror of said plurality of mirrors including a forwardly bent lip extending along its upper longitudinal edge for reflecting impinging solar radiation downwardly toward the space. 2. The active solar reflector as set forth in claim 1 wherein both sides of each of said plurality of mirrors include mirrored surfaces. 3. The active solar reflector as set forth in claim 1 wherein each mirror of said plurality of mirrors located forwardly and rearwardly of the shaft of said motor assembly is of a progressively reduced length. 4. The active solar reflector as set forth in claim 1 wherein the progressively increased width of said plurality of mirrors defines an angle in the range of 5.degree. to 20.degree.. 5. The active solar reflector as set forth in claim 1 wherein said bar comprises a center section, two sloping sections extending from opposed edges of said center section and an extension extending from each of said sloping sections. 6. The active solar reflector as set forth in claim 5 wherein said plurality of mirrors includes a mirror mounted on each of said sloping sections. 