An electronic linear scale, which uses an induced current position transducer, includes a slider assembly mounted adjacent to an elongated beam. The slider assembly is mounted on one mounting member of a device such as a machine tool. The elongated beam is mounted on a second mounting member of the device. The first and second mounting members move relative to each other. The position of the slider assembly on the beam is indicative to of the position between the first and second mounting members. Relative movement is determined by an inductive read head mounted on the slider assembly that couples to flux modulators on the beam. The read head includes a transmitter winding and a pair of receiver windings, preferably fabricated in a planar form, carried by a common printed circuit board. The flux modulators, which can include flux disrupters and/or flux enhancers, are carried by the beam and modulate the magnetic fields produced by the transmitter. Thus, the receiver windings produce output voltages corresponding to the overlap between the modulators and the receiver windings. Signal processing electronics are connected to the read head and determine the relative positions of the first and second mounting members by monitoring the output of the receiver windings. A digital display displays the determined position. The relatively insensitive nature of the induced current position transducer to contaminants allows the linear scale to function with improved reliability when operating in industrial environments. Low power operation of the linear scale is possible.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electronic inductive linear scale comprising: a first member; an elongated beam having a measuring axis, the first member movable relative to the elongated beam along the measuring axis; a low power energy supply source providing a power supply to a drive circuit; the drive circuit inputting the power supply and outputting an intermittent drive signal; an inductive transducer comprising a first portion mounted on one of the elongated beam and the first member and a second portion mounted on the other of the elongated beam and the first member, the inductive transducer inputting the intermittent drive signal and outputting at least one sensed signal responsive to a relative position of the first member on the elongated beam; and an analyzing circuit inputting the at least one sensed signal and outputting an output signal responsive to the position of the first member on the elongated beam at a first level of resolution. 2. The electronic linear scale of claim 1, wherein the drive circuit comprises a capacitor discharged through the inductive transducer. 3. The electronic linear scale of claim 2, wherein the capacitor and the inductive transducer form a resonant circuit. 4. The electronic linear scale of claim 3, wherein the capacitor is disconnected from the inductive transducer in close proximity to a resonant peak of the resonant circuit. 5. The electronic linear scale of claim 1, wherein the analyzing circuit comprises a counter for counting fractions of cycles of the at least one sensed signal outputted from the inductive transducer in response to motion of the first member along the elongated beam at a second level of resolution coarser than the first level of resolution, the counter providing an approximate relative position of the first member on the elongated beam. 6. The electronic linear scale of claim 5, wherein the counter is responsive at spatial intervals of at most 1/4 cycle. 7. The electronic linear scale of claim 1, wherein: the first portion of the inductive transducer comprises: at least one magnetic field generator, each magnetic field generator generating a changing magnetic flux in a flux region in response to the drive signal, and at least one magnetic flux sensor, each magnetic flux sensor positioned within the flux region and sensing the magnetic flux in the flux region, each magnetic flux sensor generating one of the at least one sensed signals; and the second portion of the inductive transducer comprises at least one flux modulator, each flux modulator positionable within the flux region and capable of altering a magnetic flux within a modulation region proximate to the flux modulator; wherein each sensed signal is indicative of a relative position between the magnetic flux sensor and the at least one flux modulator based on the sensed magnetic flux. 8. The electronic linear scale of claim 7, wherein at least one of a) each magnetic flux sensor, and b) each magnetic field generator, is formed in an alternating pattern of polarity regions. 9. The electronic linear scale of claim 8, wherein the alternating pattern of polarity regions comprises sinusoidally shaped areas bounded by conductive elements. 10. The electronic linear scale of claim 7, wherein in the absence of the at least one flux modulator, the output signal generated by each magnetic flux sensor is insensitive to the changing magnetic flux generated by each magnetic field generator. 11. The electronic linear scale of claim 7, wherein each of the at least one flux modulator comprises one of a) a flux disrupter and b) a flux enhancer. 12. The electronic linear scale of claim 7, wherein each magnetic field generator includes a field generating conductor and each magnetic flux sensor includes a sensing conductor, the field generating conductor of each magnetic field generator and the sensing conductor of each magnetic flux sensor positioned within a thin zone. 13. The electronic linear scale of claim 7, wherein each magnetic field generator and each magnetic flux sensor form a continuous spatially modulated inductive coupling. 14. The electronic linear scale of claim 1, wherein a magnetic field of the inductive transducer changes at a rate equivalent to an oscillation frequency of at least 1 MHz in response to the intermittent drive signal. 15. The electronic linear scale of claim 1, wherein the intermittent drive signal comprises at least one pulse signal. 16. The electronic linear scale of claim 1, wherein: the at least one pulse signal comprises a train of pulse cycles; and the analyzing circuit determines changes in the relative position at a coarse level of resolution during each pulse cycle, and determines the relative position at a finer level of resolution once during a plurality of the pulse cycles. 17. The electronic linear scale of claim 1, wherein the electronic linear scale draws at most an average current of 200 .mu.A. 18. The electronic caliper of claim 1, wherein the energy supply source is a self-contained, low-power energy supply source. 19. The electronic linear scale of claim 18, wherein the low-power energy supply source is at least one of a battery and a solar cell. 20. The electronic inductive linear scale of claim 1, wherein energy is conserved by creating a resonant circuit between a capacitor and a magnetic field generator of the inductive transducer and disconnecting the capacitor in close proximity to a resonant peak of the resonant circuit. 21. The electronic inductive linear scale of claim 1, wherein an average current of at most 75 .mu.A is supplied from the power supply to the drive circuit. 22. A method for operating a linear scale, the linear scale comprising: a scale member having a measurement axis, the scale member mountable on a first mounting member; a first member mountable on a second mounting member so that the first member is adjacent to the scale member, the first mounting member and the second mounting member movable relative to each other along the measurement axis; a magnetic flux sensor provided on one of the first member and the scale member; a flux modulator provided on the other of the scale member and the first member; a magnetic flux generator provided on one of the first member and the scale member, wherein the magnetic field generator and the magnetic flux sensor form an inductive coupling; a low-power energy supply source; and a drive circuit, the method comprising: providing a low-power supply signal from the low-power energy supply source to the drive circuit; intermittently outputting a drive signal to the magnetic flux generator; producing a changing magnetic flux with the magnetic flux generator in a flux region in response to the intermittent drive signal; moving the first mounting member relative to the second mounting member to a measurement position which is relative to an established reference position, wherein the flux modulator modulates the inductive coupling between the first member and the scale member corresponding to a relative position between the first mounting member and the second mounting member; sensing the modulated magnetic flux with the magnetic flux sensor to produce a sensed signal corresponding to the relative position; monitoring the sensed signal produced by the magnetic flux sensor; and determining, in response to the monitored sensed signal, a distance between the established reference position and the measurement position. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the magnetic flux generator is a transmitter winding and the step of producing a changing magnetic flux comprises providing a driving signal to the transmitter winding, the driving signal causing a changing current to flow through the transmitter winding to induce the changing magnetic flux. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the step of providing a driving signal to the transmitter winding comprises: producing a series of pulses at a selected pulse interval with a pulse generator to produce a pulsed signal; and supplying the pulsed signal to an input terminal of the transmitter winding. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein the step of monitoring the sensed signal produced by the magnetic flux sensor includes sampling the sensed signal synchronously with the pulsed signal. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein the step of sampling the sensed signal synchronously with the pulsed signal includes sampling the sensed signal based on an expected time delay between the pulsed signal and a peak in a response of a resonant circuit formed by the pulse generator and the transmitter winding. 27. The method of claim 24, wherein the determining step comprises: determining changes in relative position at a coarse level of resolution during each pulse interval; and determining the distance between the established reference position and the measurement position at a finer level of resolution once during a plurality of pulse intervals. 28. The method of claim 22, further comprising the step of operating the electronic linear scale at at most an average current draw of 200 .mu.A. 29. The method of claim 22, wherein the step of producing a changing magnetic flux with the magnetic flux generator includes supplying an average current at at most 75 .mu.A to the magnetic flux generator. 30. The method for operating an electronic linear scale of claim 22, wherein the magnetic flux generator and the magnetic flux sensor form a continuous spatially modulated inductive coupling, such that, when moving the first mounting member, the flux modulator further modulates the modulated inductive coupling between the slide member and the beam member to provide a continuously changing magnetic flux. 31. The method for operating the linear scale of claim 22, wherein the energy supply source is a self-contained, low-power energy supply source. 32. The method for operating the linear scale of claim 22, wherein the low-power energy supply source is at least one of a battery and a solar cell. 33. An electronic inductive linear scale comprising: a first member; an scale member having a measuring axis, the first member movable relative to the scale member along the measuring axis; at least one magnetic field generator, each magnetic field generator generating a changing magnetic flux in a flux region in response to a drive signal; a low-power energy supply source outputting a power supply; a drive circuit inputting the power supply and outputting an intermittent drive signal to at least one of the at least one magnetic field generator; at least one flux modulator, each flux modulator positionable within the flux region and capable of altering the changing magnetic flux within a modulation region proximate to the flux modulator; and at least one magnetic flux sensor, each magnetic flux sensor positioned within the flux region and sensing the changing magnetic flux in the flux region, each magnetic flux generator generating an output signal indicative of a relative position between the magnetic flux sensor and the at least one flux modulator based on the sensed magnetic flux; wherein each magnetic field generator and each magnetic flux sensor from a spatially modulated inductive coupling including an alternating pattern of polarity regions, and each output signal varies as a substantially linear function of a total overlapping area, the overlapping area defined by a maximum cross-sectional area of each at least one flux modulator which overlaps both the flux region and an effective area of each at least one magnetic flux sensor when projected normal to an effective plane of the at least one flux sensor, where areas of opposite inductive coupling polarity are defined as areas of opposite sign. 34. The electronic linear scale of claim 33, wherein the area of at least one of a)each magnetic field generator and b)each magnetic flux sensor is sinusoidally modulated at a chosen spatial frequency to define the continuously spatially modulated inductive coupling. 35. The electronic linear scale of claim 33, wherein the total overlapping area varies as a sinusoidal function at a chosen spatial frequency as a function of the relative position. 36. The electronic linear scale of claim 33, wherein the spatially modulated inductive coupling is a continuous spatially modulated inductive coupling. 