An improved solar lighting system can be applied to a number of temporary signs and is particularly adapted for use on a real estate sign. The system includes three parts: a solar generating unit containing a repositionable array or photovoltaic cells, electronic circuitry and storage batteries; an illumination unit containing electric lamps and reflectors and attachment devices for connection to a variety of signs; and a connecting cable for safely conducting electric energy between the units and for providing device security to discourage theft.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar-powered sign lighting system comprising: an illumination module including electric lamps for removable attachment to a sign so as to provide illumination to an advertising surface of the sign; a solar generation unit separate from the illumination module and standing apart from any illuminated sign including a panel of photovoltaic cells, storage batteries, electronic circuits for charging the batteries with electricity generated by the photovoltaic cells, mounting means for attaching the generation unit to the ground and security means for impeding removal of the generation unit from the ground; and cable means for providing electrical communication between the illumination module and the generation unit, wherein the security means further comprise means for activating an alarm and/or disabling the generation unit if the cable means becomes disconnected. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the electric lamps are selected from the group consisting of incandescent lamps, light emitting diodes and fluorescent lamps. 3. The system of claim 1 further comprising control means for activating and deactivating the illumination module at predetermined times or under predetermined conditions. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the security means comprises a screw that is screwed into the ground and locked onto the mounting means. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the mounting means is configured so that the cable means can be depressed below the soil surface when traveling from the generation unit to a sign bearing the illumination module. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the illumination module further comprises a locking clamp for attachment to portions of a sign. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the cable means further comprises a wedge-shaped flange running longitudinally along the cable means to facilitate installation of the cable means into soil. 8. A solar-powered sign lighting system comprising: an illumination module including electric lamps and including a locking clamp for removable attachment to a sign so as to provide illumination to a surface of the sign; a solar generation unit separate from the illumination module and standing apart from any illuminated sign including a panel of photovoltaic cells, storage batteries, electronic circuits for charging the batteries with electricity generated by the photovoltaic cells, locking socket connectors in electrical communication with the circuits and the photovoltaic cells, mounting means for attaching the generation unit to the ground and security means for impeding removal of the generation unit from the ground wherein the locking socket connectors are at or below ground level when the mounting means and the security means are fully installed; and cable means for providing electrical communication between the illumination module and the generation unit by lockingly engaging the locking socket connectors to prevent removal by unauthorized personnel. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the electric lamps are selected from the group consisting of incandescent lamps, light emitting diodes and fluorescent lamps. 10. The system of claim 8 further comprising control means for activating and deactivating the illumination module at predetermined times or under predetermined conditions. 11. The system of claim 8, wherein the security means comprises a screw that is screwed into the ground and locked onto the mounting means. 12. The system of claim 8 further comprising means for activating an alarm and/or disabling the generation unit if the cable means becomes disconnected. 13. The system of claim 8, wherein the cable means further comprises a wedge-shaped flange running longitudinally along the cable means to facilitate installation of the cable means into soil. 14. A solar-powered sign lighting system comprising: an illumination module including electric lamps for removable attachment to a sign so as to provide illumination to an advertising surface of the sign; a solar generation unit separate from the illumination module and standing apart from any illuminated sign including a panel of photovoltaic cells, storage batteries, electronic circuits for charging the batteries with electricity generated by the photovoltaic cells, mounting means for attaching the generation unit to the ground and security means for impeding removal of the generation unit from the ground; cable means for providing electrical communication between the illumination module and the generation unit; and insertion means attached to said cable means for penetrating a soil surface to insert said cable means therein, said insertion means comprising a fin protruding from a lower surface of said cable means and running a length of said cable means. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the electric lamps are selected from the group consisting of incandescent lamps, light emitting diodes and fluorescent lamps. 16. The system of claim 14 further comprising control means for activating and deactivating the illumination module at predetermined times or under predetermined conditions. 17. The system of claim 14, wherein the security means comprises a screw that is screwed into the ground and locked onto the mounting means. 18. The system of claim 14 further comprising means for activating an alarm and/or disabling the generation unit if the cable means becomes disconnected. 19. The system of claim 14, wherein the illumination module further comprises a locking clamp for attachment to portions of a sign. 