An inductive transducer system for use in high accuracy applications such as linear or rotary encoders, employs two members movable relative to each other. A first, active member induces eddy currents in a second, passive member that lacks a power source or electrical wires connected thereto. The first, active member contains both a transmitter for generating a magnetic field and a receiver for receiving the field. The receiver has a plurality of symmetric loops. Electronic circuitry coupled to the receiver evaluates the relative position between the two members as the passive member disrupts the magnetic field received by the receiver. The inductive transducer can be readily manufactured using known printed circuit board technology, and is substantially immune to contamination by particles, including ferromagnetic particles, oil, water and other fluids. A pulse-driven drive circuit allows the inductive transducer to consume little power, and thus allows the transducer to be readily incorporated into hand-held, battery-powered measurement tools.
Claims We claim: 1. An inductive position transducing system including a low power electronic circuit, the inductive position transducing system comprising: a first member; a second member having a measuring axis, the first member movable relative to the second member along the measuring axis; a low power energy supply source that provides a power supply; a signal generator circuit that inputs the power supply from the low power energy supply source and that outputs an intermittent drive signal; an inductive transducer that inputs the intermittent drive signal, comprising: a first portion located on one of the second member and the first member, comprising: at least one magnetic field generator, each magnetic field generator generating a changing magnetic flux in a flux region in response to the intermittent drive signal, and at least one magnetic flux sensor, each magnetic field sensor sensing the spatially modulated changing magnetic flux in a region proximate to the magnetic flux sensor and generating at least one sensed signal, and a second portion located on the other of the second member and the first member, comprising at least one flux modulator arranged along the measuring axis, each flux modulator positionable within the flux region and capable of providing a spatially modulated changing magnetic flux proximate to the magnetic flux sensor, wherein each sensed signal is responsive to a relative position between the corresponding magnetic flux sensor and the at least one flux modulator based on the sensed magnetic flux; and an analyzing circuit that inputs the at least one sensed signal and outputs an output signal indicative of the relative position between the first member and the second member along the measuring axis. 2. The position transducing system of claim 1, wherein the at least one magnetic field generator and the at least one magnetic flux sensor are formed by conductive windings. 3. The position transducing system of claim 2, wherein: the at least one magnetic field generator comprises a plurality of conductive windings; each conductive winding of the magnetic field generator is formed in a pattern, the pattern being spatially modulated along the measuring axis and having a defined spatial phase position along the measuring axis; and the signal generator circuit outputs a plurality of intermittent drive signals to the plurality of conductive windings, each drive signal having a different temporal phase. 4. The position transducing system of claim 1, wherein the first member and the second member are relatively planar elements and each of the magnetic field generator, magnetic flux sensor and the flux modulator are arranged in a thin zone on the surfaces of the first and second members. 5. The position transducing system of claim 1, wherein the at least one magnetic field generator comprises a single magnetic field generator and the signal generator circuit includes: voltage supply and ground terminals, a first terminal of the magnetic field generator coupled to the voltage supply terminal; a capacitor having first and second terminals, the first terminal of the capacitor coupled to a second terminal of the magnetic field generator; a switch element having first, second and control terminals, the first terminal of the switch element coupled to the second terminal of the capacitor, the second terminal of the switch coupled to the ground terminal and the control terminal intermittently driven; and a resistor having a first terminal coupled to the voltage supply terminal and a second terminal coupled to the second terminal of the capacitor. 6. The position transducing system of claim 1, wherein the signal generator circuit includes at least one resonant circuit capacitor, each resonant circuit capacitor coupled in parallel with a corresponding one of the at least one magnetic field generator, each resonant circuit capacitor having a capacitance resonantly matched with an inductance of the corresponding magnetic field generator. 7. The position transducing system of claim 1, wherein the signal generator circuit is controlled to initiate at least one episode of changing magnetic flux generated by the at least one magnetic field generator, the at least one episode initiated at a selected sample interval. 8. The position transducing system of claim 1, wherein: the at least one flux modulator comprises a plurality of flux modulators arranged on the other of the first and second members at a fixed pitch along the measuring axis; and the analyzing circuit includes: an accumulator, means for detecting when relative motion between the at least one flux modulator and the at least one magnetic flux sensor exceeds an increment equal to the fixed pitch and for incrementing or decrementing the accumulator depending on a direction of the relative motion, and means for combining information of the accumulator with a spatial position within an interval equal to the fixed pitch, such that positions corresponding to relative motion beyond one fixed pitch are unambiguously determined. 9. The position transducing system of claim 1, wherein the analyzing circuit demodulates the at least one sensed signal output by the inductive transducer synchronously with the changing magnetic flux. 10. The position transducing system of claim 1, wherein the measuring axis is circular or linear. 11. The position transducing system of claim 1, wherein the signal generator circuit includes a voltage pulse generator. 12. The position transducing system of claim 1, wherein the intermittent drive signal comprises a single pulse discharged from a capacitor of the signal generator circuit through the inductive transducer and a following interval with no pulse discharge. 13. The position transducing system of claim 1, wherein the signal generator circuit produces a drive signal substantially in resonance with the inductive transducer. 14. An inductive position transducing system including a low power electronic circuit, the inductive position transducing system comprising: a first member; a second member having a measuring axis the first member movable relative to the second member along the measuring axis; a low power energy supply source that provides a power supply; a signal generator circuit that inputs the power supply from the low power energy supply source and that outputs an intermittent drive signal and comprises a capacitor discharged through the inductive transducer; an inductive transducer, comprising: a first portion located on one of the second member and the first member, and a second portion located on the other of the second member and the first member, wherein the inductive transducer inputs the intermittent drive signal and outputs at least one sensed signal responsive to a relative position along the measuring axis between the first member and the second member; and an analyzing circuit that inputs the at least one sensed signal and outputs an output signal indicative of the relative position between the first member and the second member along the measuring axis. 15. An inductive position transducing system including a low power electronic circuit the inductive position transducing system comprising: a first member; a second member having a measuring axis, the first member movable relative to the second member along the measuring axis; a low power energy supply source that provides a power supply; a signal generator circuit that inputs the power supply from the low power energy supply source and that outputs an intermittent drive signal, the signal generator circuit and drive signal drive the inductive transducer such that the inductive transducer produces a changing magnetic flux which changes at a rate equivalent to an oscillation frequency of at least 1 MHz; an inductive transducer, comprising: a first portion located on one of the second member and the first member, and a second portion located on the other of the second member and the first member, wherein the inductive transducer inputs the intermittent drive signal and outputs at least one sensed signal responsive to a relative position along the measuring axis between the first member and the second member; and an analyzing circuit that inputs the at least one sensed signal and outputs an output signal-indicative of the relative position between the first member and the second member along the measuring axis. 16. The position transducing system of claim 15, wherein the changing magnetic flux changes at a rate equivalent to an oscillation frequency of at least 7 MHz. 17. An inductive position transducing system including a low power electronic circuit, the inductive position transducing system comprising: a first member; a second member having a measuring axis, the first member movable relative to the second member along the measuring axis; a low power energy supply source that provides a power supply and is carried solely on one of the first and second members; a signal generator circuit that inputs the power supply from the low power energy supply source and that outputs an intermittent drive signal an inductive transducer, comprising: a first portion located on one of the second member and the first member, and a second portion located on the other of the second member and the first member, wherein the inductive transducer inputs the intermittent drive signal and outputs at least one sensed signal responsive to a relative position along the measuring axis between the first member and the second member; and an analyzing circuit that inputs the at least one sensed signal and outputs an output signal indicative of the relative position between the first member and the second member along the measuring axis. 18. The position transducing system of claim 1, wherein the low power energy supply source comprises one of a battery power source and a solar cell. 19. The position transducing system of claim 1, wherein a maximum supply voltage of the low power energy supply source is at most 12.5 volts. 20. An inductive position transducing system including a low power electronic circuit, the inductive position transducing system comprising: a first member; a second member having a measuring axis, the first member movable relative to the second member along the measuring axis; a low power energy supply source that provides a power supply, wherein a maximum supply voltage of the low power energy supply source is at most 3.5 volts; a signal generator circuit that inputs the power supply from the low power energy supply source and that outputs an intermittent drive signal; an inductive transducer, comprising: a first portion located on one of the second member and the first member, and a second portion located on the other of the second member and the first member, wherein the inductive transducer inputs the intermittent drive signal and outputs at least one sensed signal responsive to a relative position along the measuring axis between the first member and the second member; and an analyzing circuit that inputs the at least one sensed signal and outputs an output signal indicative of the relative position between the first member and the second member along the measuring axis. 21. An inductive position transducing system including a low power electronic circuit, the inductive position transducing system comprising: a first member: a second member having a measuring axis, the first member movable relative to the second member along the measuring axis; a low power energy supply source that provides a power supply; a signal generator circuit that inputs the power supply from the low power energy supply source and that outputs an intermittent drive signal; an inductive transducer, comprising: a first portion located on one of the second member and the first member, and a second portion located on the other of the second member and the first member, wherein the inductive transducer inputs the intermittent drive signal and outputs at least one sensed signal responsive to a relative position along the measuring axis between the first member and the second member; and an analyzing circuit that inputs the at least one sensed signal and outputs an output signal indicative of the relative position between the first member and the second member along the measuring axis, wherein a feature of one of the first member and the second member forms one of the first and second portions of the inductive transducer. 22. The position transducing system of claim 21, wherein the one of the first and second members is a gear, and the feature is a gear-tooth structure. 23. A method for operating an inductive position transducing system, comprising: providing a power supply from a low power energy supply source to a signal generator circuit; intermittently outputting a drive signal from the signal generator to an inductive transducer; driving the inductive transducer with the intermittent drive signal to produce a changing magnetic flux, producing a spatially modulated changing magnetic flux based on a relative position between first and second members of the inductive transducer along a measuring axis; sensing the spatially modulated changing magnetic flux to produce at lease one sensed signal corresponding to the relative position between the first and second members along the measuring axis; monitoring the at least one sensed signal output by the inductive transducer; and determining, in response to the at least one monitored sensed signal, the relative position between the first and second members. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein intermittently outputting the drive signal includes: discharging a single pulse from a capacitor through the inductive transducer; and providing an interval with no pulse discharge. 25. The method of claim 23, wherein outputting the drive signal includes producing the drive signal substantially in resonance with the inductive transducer. 26. The method of claim 23, wherein driving the inductive transducer comprises producing the changing magnetic flux in the inductive transducer such that the changing magnetic flux has a change rate equivalent to an oscillation frequency of at least 1 MHz. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein the change rate is equivalent to an oscillation frequency of at least 7 MHz. 28. The method of claim 23, wherein monitoring the at least one sensed signal output by the inductive transducer includes demodulating the at least one sensed signal synchronously with the changing magnetic flux. 29. The method of claim 23, wherein providing the power supply comprises operating the inductive transducer from the low power energy supply source for an extended period of time. 30. The method of claim 23, wherein producing the spatially modulated changing magnetic flux comprises spatially modulating the changing magnetic flux using at least one flux modulator. 31. A method for operating an inductive position transducing system positioned in a portable measuring device and having a self-contained low power energy supply source, the method comprising: providing a power supply from the self-contained low power energy supply source to a signal generator circuit; intermittently outputting a drive signal from the signal generator circuit to an inductive transducer; driving the inductive transducer with the intermittent drive signal to produce a changing magnetic flux; producing a spatially modulated changing magnetic flux based on a relative position between first and second members of the inductive transducer along a measuring axis; sensing the spatially modulated changing magnetic flux to produce at lease one sensed signal corresponding to the relative position between the first and second members along the measuring axis; monitoring the at least one sensed signal output by the inductive transducer; and determining, in response to the at least one monitored sensed signal, the relative position between the first and second members. 32. The method of claim 31, wherein providing the power supply comprises operating the inductive transducer from the low power energy supply source for an extended period of time. 33. The inductive position transducing system of claim 1, wherein the capacitor and the at least one of the at least one magnetic field generator form a resonant circuit. 34. The inductive position transducing system of claim 1, wherein the intermittent drive signal comprises at least one pulse signal. 35. The inductive position transducing system of claim 1, wherein the energy supply source is a self-contained, low-power energy supply source. 36. The inductive position transducing system of claim 1, wherein the drive circuit comprises a capacitor discharged through the at least one of the at least one magnetic field generators. 37. The inductive position transducing system of claim 1, wherein energy is conserved by creating a resonant circuit between a capacitor and a magnetic field generator of the inductive transducer and disconnecting the capacitor in close proximity to a resonant peak of the resonant circuit. 