A solar-powered, electric railroad switch stand includes a housing having a mounting mechanism for mounting a solar cell assembly for converting solar energy into electrical current, a storage battery, and a motor connected to a gear reduction mechanism having an output shaft extending therefrom. The battery stores a charge from the electrical current of the solar cells and is electrically coupled to the motor to drive a gear reduction mechanism. An operating device is linked to the output shaft and is operable to move the switching rails.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar-powered electrical switch stand for moving the switching rails of a railroad track, said switch stand comprising: a housing attached to a base, said housing enclosing a motor having a vertically oriented input shaft, said input shaft including a worm rigidly mounted thereto, said worm engaging a worm gear axially mounted to a transverse shaft extending transversely to said input shaft, said transverse shaft being linked to an operating shaft extending from said housing, said operating shaft being linked to an operating means for moving said switching rails; a mounting rod upstanding from said housing; a solar cell assembly supported by said mounting rod above said base and said housing, said solar cell assembly including a substantially flat panel incorporating an array of solar cells; and a power supply circuit contained within said housing and connected to said solar cell assembly, said circuit including a control means, at least one activation switch, and at least one storage battery; wherein said solar cell assembly collects radiant energy from sunlight for charging said storage battery, said storage battery for supplying power to said motor to operate said gear-reduction means and said operating means. 2. The switch stand of claim 1 further comprising adjustment means mounted to said solar cell assembly for moving said solar cell assembly relative to said housing. 3. The switch stand of claim 2 wherein said storage battery further comprises at least one rechargeable wet-cell battery. 4. The switch stand of claim 3 wherein said control means further comprises a plurality of relay contacts for controlling the rotational direction of said motor shaft. 5. The switch stand of claim 4 further comprising a handle means attached to said operating means, said handle means movable from a first position to a second position. 6. The switch stand of claim 5 wherein said operating shaft is attached to said handle means, said operating shaft being configured to turn a connecting rod linked to said switching rails. 7. The switch stand of claim 1 further comprising signal indicating means for displaying the switching status of said switch means. 8. The switch stand of claim 1 wherein said operating shaft is configured to turn a connecting rod linked to said switching rails. 9. An electrical railroad switch stand for moving switching rails of a railroad track comprising: (a) switch means for switching rails of a railroad track; (b) solar cell means elevated above said housing means, said solar cell means for collecting radiant energy; (c) battery means electrically coupled to said solar cell means; (d) control circuit means electrically coupled to said battery means; (e) motor means electrically coupled to said control circuit means, said motor means including a motor shaft; said motor shaft rotatable in a first direction and in a second direction; (f) a vertically oriented input shaft, said input shaft including a worm rigidly mounted thereto, said worm engaging a worm gear axially mounted to a transverse shaft extending transversely to said input shaft, said transverse shaft being linked to an operating shaft extending from said housing: and (g) brake means coupled to said operating shaft for stopping rotation of said motor shaft, said brake means including a brake shaft. 10. The railroad switch stand of claim 9 further including signal indicating means for displaying the switching status of said switch means. 11. The railroad switch stand of claim 10 further including means for manually actuating said switch means. 12. The railroad switch stand of claim 10 wherein said means for controlling the rotation of said motor shaft includes electrical switch means. 13. A method for moving switching rails of a railroad track, said method comprising the steps of: providing a housing; enclosing, in said housing, a motorized switching means including an electric motor and a control switch connected to said motor, said motor having a vertically oriented input shaft that includes a worm rigidly mounted to said input shaft, said worm engaging a worm gear axially mounted to a transverse shaft extending transversely to said input shaft, said transverse shaft being linked to an operating shaft extending from said housing; linking said operating shaft to switching rails; providing a rechargeable battery means electrically coupled to said motorized switching means; providing a solar cell means mounted to said housing and electrically coupled to said battery means for generating power from sunlight; transmitting power from said solar cell means to said battery to charge said battery means; and triggering said actuation switch to energize said motor said switching means, thereby causing said switching means to move said switching rails. 14. The method of claim 13 further comprising the step of positioning said solar cell means in a first position to receive sunlight. 15. The method of claim 14 further comprising the step of repositioning said solar cell means to a second position to receive sunlight, said second position aligning said solar cell means closer to parallel to the direction of the sun than said first position. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein said step of repositioning said solar cell means is performed by operating an electric motor means to rotate said solar cell means relative said housing. 17. The method of claim 14 further comprising the step of tracking the position of the sun relative to said solar cell means by moving said solar cell means relative to said switching means. 18. The method of claim 13 wherein said battery means further comprises two twelve-volt rechargeable batteries. 19. The method of claim 13 wherein said solar cell means further comprises a panel of electrically connected solar cells elevated above said switching means. 20. The method of claim 13 further comprising the step of tracking the position of the sun relative to said solar cell means by moving said solar cell means relative to said switching means. 