A portable fluid pumping apparatus for use in combination a conventional ice chest or water container for providing a pressurized fluid supply for a portable shower or dish washing or other desired use requiring a portable pressurized fluid stream. The apparatus is capable of releasable mating to conventional round and square ice chests and water containers at the spigot on such containers. An optional belt for depression of spring loaded spigots is provided to depress the valve on such spigots during use. The device is adaptable to various shaped containers using an adaptive modular mounting system featuring resilient collar and cooperative fasteners which provide a stable mount between the device and the container to which it attaches.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for portable generation of a pressurized fluid supply for use in combination with a conventional insulated portable container such as an ice chest or insulated water container, comprising: a base having a top wall said top wall having an inner surface and an outer surface, a bottom wall, said bottom wall having an interior surface and an exterior surface; and a side wall, said side wall having an inner sidewall surface and an outer sidewall surface, said top wall and said bottom wall connected to said side wall; said outer surface of said top wall dimensioned to function as a pedestal for said portable fluid container; an interior cavity of said base defined by the area between said inner side wall surface, said inner surface of said top wall, and said interior surface of said bottom wall; a fluid pumping means attached to said base; means for communication of fluid from inside said portable container to said fluid pumping means; means for communicating fluid from said fluid pumping means to an exit spout for said fluid. 2. The invention as defined in claim 1 wherein said fluid pumping means comprises: a fluid pump located in said interior cavity having an intake port and an outflow port; an electric motor attached to said fluid pump for providing required power thereto; electric power supply for communicating required electrical power to said motor. 3. The invention as defined in claim 2 wherein said electric power supply is a battery located upon said base and capable of communicating required electrical power to said motor on demand. 4. The invention as defined in claim 2 wherein said electric power supply consists of a means for attachment of said electric motor to a remote power source for communicating required electrical power to said electric motor. 5. The invention as defined in claim 4 wherein said remote power source is selected from one or a combination of a group consisting of a battery, a solar panel, AC power from a local power grid, a transformer powered by alternating current, a generator, and an automobile electrical system. 6. The invention as defined in claim 3 concurrently connectable to said remote power source. 7. The invention as defined in claim 1 further comprising a means for releasable attachment of said base to said portable fluid containers. 8. The invention as defined in claim 7 where said means for releasable attachment of said base to said portable fluid container comprises: said outer surface of said top wall configured to accommodate said portable container placed thereon; a resilient collar attachable to said base said resilient collar sized to frictionally engage the outside surface of said portable container when said portable container is placed upon said top wall. 9. The invention as defined in claim 7 where said means for releasable attachment of said base to said portable fluid container comprises: separable fastening means having a first end attachable to said portable container and having a second end attachable to said base, said first end and said second end in positions for cooperative engagement whereby said portable container is removably secured to said base when placed thereon and said ends of said separable fastening means are joined. 10. The invention as defined in claim 8 where said means for releasable attachment of said base to said portable fluid container additionally comprises: said separable fastening means attachable at said first end to said portable container and at said second end to one of said collar and said base in positions for cooperative engagement therebetween. 11. The invention as defined in claim 9 wherein said separable fastening means is comprised of hook and loop fabric. 12. The invention as defined in claim 10 wherein said separable fastening means is comprised of hook and loop fabric. 13. The invention as defined in claim 2 wherein means for communication of fluid from inside said portable container to said fluid pumping means comprises: a spigot in said container having a passage therein said passage communicating with said interior of said portable container at one end and the outside of said container at the distal end of said spigot; a spigot receiving adaptor located on said base in a position for a cooperative engagement with the distal end of said spigot, said spigot receiving adaptor having a first end capable of releasable sealed engagement with the distal end of said spigot when cooperatively engaged, and a second end, said spigot receiving adaptor having a passageway therethrough in communication with said first end of said spigot receiving adaptor and said second end of said spigot receiving adaptor; a first conduit connecting said second end of said spigot receiving adaptor and said intake port of said fluid pump; a second conduit connected to said output port of said fluid pump at a first end and having an exit orifice at a distal end. 14. The invention as defined in claim 13 further comprising a fluid flow control device attached to said exit orifice. 15. The invention as defined in claim 14 wherein said fluid flow control device is one of a group consisting of a shower head, a nozzle, spray head. 16. The invention as defined in claim 14 further comprising a fluid pressure sensing means in communication with said second conduit whereby electric power to said electric motor is interrupted by said fluid pressure sensing means when fluid pressure in said second conduit rises to a predetermined level. 17. The invention as defined in claim 8 wherein said resilient collar is removably attachable to said base. 18. The invention as defined in claim 17 wherein said resilient collar and said base are of modular design such that said removably mountable resilient collar is replaceable with multiple removably mountable resilient collars of differing dimensions to accommodate frictional engagement by said removably mountable resilient collars with multiple portable containers of differing outside dimensions. 19. The invention as defined in claim 17 wherein removable attachment of said resilient collar to said base is accomplished using mounting pins located upon said resilient collar positioned for cooperative engagement with mounting pin apertures in said top wall of said base. 20. The invention as defined in claim 13 further comprising: a valve said spigot having an on position for activation of fluid flow therethrough from said container, and an off position wherein fluid flow from said container ceases; biasing means maintaining said valve by default in the off position; and, means for biasing said valve to the on position during use. 