A vented cavity radiant barrier assembly (2) includes a barrier (12), typically a PV module, having inner and outer surfaces (18, 22). A support assembly (14) is secured to the barrier and extends inwardly from the inner surface of the barrier to a building surface (14) creating a vented cavity (24) between the building surface and the barrier inner surface. A low emissivity element (20) is mounted at or between the building surface and the barrier inner surface. At least part of the cavity exit (30) is higher than the cavity entrance (28) to promote cooling air flow through the cavity.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A vented cavity radiant barrier assembly, for mounting to a building surface, comprising: a barrier having inner and outer surfaces; a support assembly secured to the barrier and extending inwardly relative to the inner surface, the support assembly having a part spaced-apart from the inner surface and securable to a building surface to enable a vented cavity to be created adjacent to the inner surface; and a low emissivity element associated with the inner surface. 2. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein the barrier comprises a photovoltaic module. 3. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein the barrier comprises a thermal insulation panel. 4. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein the support assembly is affixed to the inner surface. 5. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein the low-emissivity element comprises a coating on the inner surface. 6. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein the low-emissivity element is spaced-apart from the inner surface. 7. The assembly according to claim 6 wherein the low-emissivity element comprises a building surface-covering element. 8. The assembly according to claim 1 further comprising a base secured to the part of the support assembly, the base having a base outer surface so said vented cavity is created between the barrier inner surface and the base outer surface. 9. The assembly according to claim 8 wherein the low-emissivity element comprises a coating on the inner surface. 10. The assembly according to claim 8 wherein the low-emissivity element comprises a first low-emissivity layer adjacent to the inner surface and a second low-emissivity layer adjacent to the base outer surface. 11. The assembly according to claim 8 wherein the base comprises a layer of a thermal insulating material. 12. The assembly according to claim 11 wherein the layer of thermally insulating material has a thermal insulation value of at least about R3 per inch. 13. The assembly according to claim 8 wherein the part of the support assembly is embedded within the base. 14. The assembly according to claim 8 wherein the base is substantially larger than the barrier so said assembly is in the form of a shingle to permit said assembly to be fastened to a building surface using building surface-penetrating fasteners. 15. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein the part of the support assembly comprises at least one of: an adhesive application surface to which an adhesive can be applied to enable the part to be adhered to a building surface; a hook and loop fastener element; and a clip element. 16. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein the outer surface is a high-reflectivity, high-emissivity surface. 17. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said spacer is about 1.2 cm to about 10 cm high. 18. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein the outer surface of the barrier comprises a photovoltaic module portion at a first angular orientation and a reverse-angle portion at a second angular orientation. 19. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said support assembly further comprises interlocking elements to permit adjacent ones of said assemblies to be interlocked. 20. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said support assembly comprises at least one of the following: a plurality of thermal insulation blocks; a plurality of stand-offs and associated hold-down elements; and first and second parallel, interlocking legs so that the first leg of one said radiant barrier assembly can be interlocked with the second leg of an adjacent said radiant barrier assembly. 21. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said support assembly comprises a chosen one of: a standing seam roofing panel; and a corrugated roofing panel. 22. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said support assembly comprises a fluid-permeable layer contacting the inner surface and at least substantially filling the vented cavity. 23. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said low-emissivity element has an emissivity of no greater than about 0.4. 24. A vented cavity, photovoltaic (PV) assembly comprising: a PV module comprising outer and inner surfaces; a support assembly secured to the barrier and extending inwardly from the inner surface, the support assembly having a part spaced-apart from the inner surface and securable to a building surface to enable a vented cavity to be created adjacent to the inner surface; and said inner surface comprising a low-emissivity surface. 25. A vented cavity radiant barrier building assembly comprising: a building surface; a barrier having inner and outer surfaces; a support assembly mounting the barrier to the building surface with the inner surface spaced-apart from the building surface to define a vented cavity therebetween; and a low-emissivity element situated between the building surface and the inner surface. 26. The assembly according to claim 25 wherein the outer surface is generally parallel to the building surface. 27. The assembly according to claim 25 further comprising means for inducing air flow through the vented cavity. 28. The assembly according to claim 25 wherein the vented cavity has a cavity entrance and cavity exit, at least a part of said cavity exit being at a higher elevation than the cavity entrance so to promote air flow through the vented cavity. 29. The assembly according to claim 25 further comprising an air flow driver fluidly coupled to the vented cavity for urging air through the vented cavity. 30. The assembly according to claim 25 further comprising: a fastener securing the support assembly to the building surface. 31. The assembly according to claim 30 wherein the fastener comprises at least one of the following: an adhesive bonding the support assembly to the building surface; hook and loop fastener elements mounted to the support elements and the building surface; a base layer resting on the building surface within which an inner end of the support assembly is embedded. 32. The assembly according to claim 25 further comprising a base secured to the support assembly, the base having a base outer surface so said vented cavity is created between the barrier and the base outer surface. 33. The assembly according to claim 25 wherein the base comprises a layer of a thermal insulating material. 34. The assembly according to claim 25 wherein the base is substantially larger than the barrier so said assembly is in the form of a shingle to permit said assembly to be fastened to a building surface using building surface-penetrating fasteners. 35. The assembly according to claim 25 further comprises a first said low-emissivity element situated at the inner surface and a second said low-emissivity surface situated at the building surface. 36. A assembly according to claim 25 wherein the building surface is other than horizontal. 37. A method for making a vented cavity radiant barrier assembly comprising the following steps: selecting a barrier having inner and outer surfaces; applying a low-emissivity element to the inner surface; and mounting a support assembly to the barrier so that a part of the support assembly extends outwardly away from the inner surface. 38. The method according to claim 37 where in the barrier selecting step is carried out by selecting a photovoltaic module as the barrier. 39. The method according to claim 38 wherein securing step is carried out on an inclined building surface. 40. The method according to claim 39 wherein the securing step is carried out on an inclined building surface. 41. The method according to claim 39 wherein the securing step comprises the step of embedding lower ends of support assembly elements in a layer of thermal insulation on the building surface. 42. The method according to claim 39 further comprising the step of selecting a photovoltaic (PV) module as the barrier. 43. The method according to claim 42 further comprising the step of selecting a support assembly including a base mountable against an inclined building surface, said base having a base surface area at least 20% larger than said PV module. 44. The method according to claim 43 further comprising the step of mounting a plurality of said barrier assemblies with said bases overlapping in a shingled manner. 45. The method according to claim 39 further comprising the step of laterally interlocking adjacent ones of said barrier assemblies when mounting to said building surface. 46. The method according to claim 39 wherein the securing step comprises the step of enhancing convective air flow through the vented cavity by creating a cavity entrance and a cavity exit to said vented cavity and locating at least part of the cavity exit higher than the cavity entrance. 47. A vented cavity radiant barrier assembly, for mounting to a building surface, comprising: a photovoltaic (PV) module having inner and outer surfaces; a support assembly secured to the PV module and extending inwardly relative to the inner surface, the support assembly having a part spaced-apart from the inner surface and securable to a building surface to enable a vented cavity to be created adjacent to the inner surface; a base secured to the part of the support assembly, the base having a base outer surface so said vented cavity is created between the PV module inner surface and the base outer surface; the base being substantially larger than the PV module so said assembly is in the form of a shingle to permit said assembly to be fastened to a building surface using building surface-penetrating fasteners; and low-emissivity element between the base outer surface and the inner surface. 48. A vented cavity radiant barrier building assembly comprising: a building surface; a photovoltaic (PV) module having inner and outer surfaces; a support assembly mounting the PV module to the building surface with the inner surface spaced-apart from the building surface to define a vented cavity therebetween; a base secured to the support assembly, the base having a base outer surface so said vented cavity is created between the PV module and the base outer surface; the base being substantially larger than the PV module so said assembly is in the form of a shingle to permit said assembly to be fastened to a building surface using building surface-penetrating fasteners; and a low-emissivity element situated at or between the base outer surface and the inner surface. 49. A method for mounting a vented cavity radiant barrier assembly to a building surface comprising the following steps: securing a plurality of barrier assemblies to an inclined building surface, the barrier assemblies each comprising a photovoltaic (PV) module separated from a base by a support assembly with a low-emissivity element between the base and the PV module, said base having a base surface area at least 20% larger than said PV module, the barrier assemblies creating vented cavities between inner surfaces of the PV modules and the bases; said securing step further comprising overlapping said bases in a shingled manner. 50. The method according to claim 49 wherein the securing step comprises the step of embedding lower ends of support assembly elements in a layer of thermal insulation on the building surface. 