The present invention is directed to a portable system for automatic data acquisition and processing of traffic information in real-time. The system incorporates a plurality of sensors operatively positioned upstream of a work zone or roadway incident with each of the sensors being adapted to detect current traffic conditions, at least one variable message device positioned upstream of the work zone or roadway incident, a plurality of remote station controllers, each operatively connected to the plurality of sensors and the variable message device, and a central system controller located within remote communication range of the remote station controllers, wherein the central system controller and the plurality of remote station controllers are capable of remotely communicating with one another. Each of the sensors is adapted to output traffic condition data to its corresponding remote station controller. The corresponding remote station controllers then transmit the traffic condition data to the central system controller. The central system controller automatically generates traffic advisory data based on the traffic condition data and transmits the traffic advisory data to the remote station controller that is connected to the variable message device. The traffic advisory data may also be used to communicate with and control highway advisory radio transmitters and ramp metering stations. Together, one or more variable message devices, highway advisory radio transmitters and ramp metering stations may be used to inform passing motorists of traffic conditions in and around a work zone or roadway incident, and thereby control and improve the safety and efficiency of traffic operations around such sites.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for monitoring and processing traffic information at or near work zones or roadway incidents so as to provide real-time traffic advisory information to passing motorists, the system comprising: a plurality of sensor means for detecting current traffic conditions being relocatably positionable at least one of upstream of a work zone or roadway incident, said plurality of sensor means including speed sensors for detecting speeds of passing vehicles; at least one display means relocatably positionable upstream of the work zone or roadway incident for displaying traffic information to passing motorists; a plurality of first control means each operatively positioned and connected with each of said plurality of sensor means and said display means for receiving sensor data and processing real-time traffic information to be displayed, respectively; and second control means communicatively connected to said plurality of first control means for controlling operation of said plurality of first control means, wherein said second control means includes means for receiving said sensor data from said plurality of sensor means via corresponding ones of said plurality of first control means connected to said plurality of sensor means, means for generating said real-time traffic information to be displayed based on said sensor data, and means for transmitting said real-time traffic information to be displayed to a corresponding one of said plurality of first control means connected to said display means, wherein said real-time traffic information to be displayed includes at least one of upcoming traffic speed information, traffic time delay information and traffic advisory instruction information, and said plurality of sensor means and said display means are formed to be relocatably positionable relative to each other and to the work zone or roadway incident whereby locations of said plurality of sensors and said display means are reconfigurable to adapt operation of said system in accordance with current conditions and location of the work zone or roadway incident. 2. A system according to claim 1, further comprising: means for transmitting supplemental traffic information to passing motorists via radio frequency (RF) signals, said transmitting means being operatively positioned and connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of first control means. 3. A system according to claim 1, further comprising: ramp signal means for controlling entry of motorist traffic from ramps upstream of the work zone or roadway incident, said ramp signal means being operatively positioned and connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of first control means. 4. A system according to claim 1, wherein said plurality of first control means and said second control means each include means for operatively communicating with each other via RF signals. 5. A system according to claim 1, wherein said second control means includes means for automatically controlling operation of said plurality of first control means without operator intervention. 6. A portable system for automatic data acquisition and processing of traffic information in real-time, comprising: a plurality of sensors operatively and relocatably positioned upstream of a work zone or roadway incident, each of said sensors being adapted to detect current traffic conditions, and each of said sensors including a speed sensor adapted to detect speeds of vehicles passing said plurality of sensors; at least one variable message device operatively relocatably positioned upstream of the work zone or roadway incident; a plurality of remote station controllers, each operatively connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of sensors and said at least one variable message device; and a central system controller operatively located within remote communication range of at least one of said plurality of remote station controllers, said central system controller and said plurality of remote station controllers each having means for remotely communicating with one another, wherein each of said plurality of sensors being adapted to output real-time traffic condition data to a corresponding one of said plurality of remote station controllers, said corresponding ones of said remote station controllers being adapted to transmit the traffic condition data to said central system controller, said central system controller further including means for generating real-time traffic advisory data based on the traffic condition data, said central system controller being adapted to transmit the traffic advisory data to at least a selected one of said plurality of remote station controllers operatively connected to said at least one variable message device, whereby real-time traffic advisory messages are displayed based on said traffic advisory data, said traffic advisory messages including at least one of upcoming traffic speed information, traffic time delay information and traffic advisory instruction information, and said plurality of sensor and said at least one variable message device are relocatably positionable relative to each other and to the work zone or roadway incident whereby locations of said plurality of sensors and said display means are reconfigurable to adapt operation of said system in accordance with current conditions and location of the work zone or roadway incident. 7. A portable system according to claim 6, further comprising: a plurality of variable message devices operatively and relocatably positioned upstream of the work zone or roadway incident, each of said plurality of variable message devices being operatively connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of remote station controllers, wherein said central system controller is further adapted to transmit the real-time traffic advisory data to selected ones of said plurality of remote station controllers operatively connected to said plurality of variable message devices, whereby selected real-time traffic advisory messages are displayed on selected ones of said plurality of variable message devices based on the traffic advisory data. 8. A portable system according to claim 6, wherein each of said plurality of remote station controllers includes a radio modem for communicating with said central system controller, and a data processing device for processing the traffic condition data for transmission to said central system controller. 9. A portable system according to claim 6, wherein said means for providing remote communication in each of said central system controller and said plurality of remote station controllers includes a radio modem. 10. A portable system according to claim 6, wherein said means for generating real-time traffic advisory data based on the traffic condition data includes a data processing device programmed for automatic control of said plurality of traffic sensors and said at least one variable message device via said plurality of remote station controllers without operator intervention. 11. A portable system according to claim 7, wherein said means for generating real-time traffic advisory data based on the traffic condition data includes a data processing device programmed for automatic real-time control of said plurality of traffic sensors and said plurality of variable message device vias said plurality of remote station controllers without operator intervention. 12. A portable system according to claim 6, further comprising: a supplemental traffic information transmitter device operatively located upstream of the work zone or roadway incident, said transmitter device being adapted to transmit real-time supplemental traffic information to passing motorists via radio signals based on the traffic advisory data from said central system controller, said transmitter device being operatively connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of remote station controllers. 13. A portable system according to claim 12, wherein said means for generating real-time traffic advisory data based on the traffic condition data includes a data processing device programmed for automatic real-time control of said plurality of traffic sensors, said at least one variable message device and said transmitter device via said plurality of remote station controllers without operator intervention. 14. A portable system according to claim 6, further comprising: ramp metering device operatively located upstream of the work zone or roadway incident, said transmitter device being adapted to control entry of motorist traffic from ramps upstream of the work zone or roadway incident in real-time, said ramp metering device being operatively connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of remote station controllers. 15. A portable system according to claim 6, wherein said plurality of sensors, said at least one variable message device and said central system controller are each mounted on a transport carrier, a corresponding one of said remote station controllers for said plurality of sensors or variable message device being operatively mounted on said transport carrier. 16. A portable system according to claim 7, wherein said plurality of sensors, said plurality of variable message devices and said central system controller are each mounted on a transport carrier, a corresponding one of said remote station controllers for said plurality of sensors or variable message device being operatively mounted on said transport carrier. 17. A portable system according to claim 12, wherein said plurality of sensors, said at least one variable message device, said transmitter device and said central system controller are each mounted on a transport carrier, a corresponding one of said remote station controllers for said plurality of sensors or variable message device being operatively mounted on said transport carrier. 18. A portable system according to claim 14, wherein said plurality of sensors, said at least one variable message device, said ramp metering device and said central system controller are each mounted on a transport carrier, a corresponding one of said remote station controllers for said plurality of sensors or variable message device being operatively mounted on said transport carrier. 19. A portable system according to claim 15, wherein at least one of said plurality of sensors and said at least one variable message device are mounted together on said transport carrier. 20. A portable system according to claim 15, wherein said transport carrier includes a power supply for powering said plurality of sensors or variable message device mounted thereon. 21. A portable system according to claim 20, wherein said power supply includes a solar energy collector. 22. A portable system according to claim 20, wherein said power supply includes a diesel-powered generator. 23. A portable system according to claim 6, wherein each of said plurality of remote station controllers further includes means for relaying the traffic advisory data received from said central system controller to other selected remote station controllers. 24. A portable system according to claim 8, wherein said data processing device in each of said plurality of remote station controllers further includes means for processing the traffic advisory data received from said central system controller so as to relay the traffic advisory data to other selected remote station controllers. 25. A method for monitoring and processing traffic information at or near work zones or roadway incidents so as to provide real-time traffic advisory information to passing motorists, the method comprising the steps of: continuously detecting current traffic conditions at least one of upstream of a work zone or roadway incident, said step of detecting the current traffic conditions includes providing a plurality of sensors upstream of the work zone or roadway incident to measure conditions indicative the current traffic conditions, said step of detecting current traffic conditions includes providing a plurality of speed sensors to measure speeds of vehicles upstream of the work zone or roadway incident and generating traffic condition data from said plurality of speed sensors; automatically generating real-time traffic advisory data based on said detected traffic conditions; displaying real-time traffic advisory messages to passing motorists upstream of the work zone or roadway incident based on said traffic advisory data, said step of displaying traffic advisory messages includes displaying at least one of upcoming traffic speed information, traffic time delay information and traffic advisory instruction information: and relocatably configuring locations for said continuously detecting current traffic conditions and for said displaying real-time traffic advisory messages relative to each other and to the work zone or roadway incident so as to adapt operation of said monitoring and processing of traffic information at or near the work zone or roadway incident based on current conditions and location thereof. 26. A method according to claim 25, wherein, said step of automatically generating the real-time traffic advisory data includes providing a portable central system controller, and said step of generating the real-time traffic advisory data includes processing data on the detected current traffic conditions in the central system computer. 27. A method according to claim 25, wherein said step of displaying the real-time traffic advisory data includes providing at least one variable message device relocatably positioned upstream of the work zone or roadway incident. 28. A method according to claim 26, wherein said step of displaying the real-time traffic advisory data includes providing at least one variable message device relocatably positioned upstream of the work zone or roadway incident. 29. A method according to claim 28, the method further comprising the steps of: transmitting the traffic condition data from the plurality of sensors to the central system controller; and transmitting the real-time traffic advisory data from said central system controller to said at least one variable message device, wherein said central system controller is remotely located from said plurality of sensors and said at least one variable message device. 30. A method according to claim 28, the method further comprising the steps of: providing a supplemental traffic information transmitter device relocatably positioned upstream of the work zone or roadway incident; transmitting the traffic condition data from the plurality of sensors to the central system controller; transmitting the real-time traffic advisory data from said central system controller to said at least one variable message device and said traffic advisory transmitter device, wherein said central system controller is remotely located from said plurality of sensors, said at least one variable message device and said traffic advisory data transmitter device; and transmitting real-time supplemental traffic information based on the traffic advisory data from said transmitter device to passing motorists via RF signals. 31. A method according to claim 25, the method further comprising the step of: transmitting real-time supplemental traffic information based on the real-time traffic advisory data to passing motorists via RF signals. 32. A method according to claim 29, the method further comprising the steps of: providing a plurality of remote station controllers each operatively connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of sensors and said at least one variable message device to control operation of a corresponding one of said sensors and said variable message device, wherein said step of transmitting the traffic condition data is conducted between a corresponding one of said remote station controllers connected to one of said sensors and said central system controller, and said step of transmitting the real-time traffic advisory data is conducted between said central system controller and a corresponding one of said remote station controllers connected to said variable message device. 33. A method according to claim 30, the method further comprising the step of: providing a plurality of remote station controllers each operatively connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of sensors, said at least one variable message device and said real-time traffic advisory data transmitter device to control operation of a corresponding one of said sensors, said variable message device and said transmitter device, wherein said step of transmitting the traffic condition data is conducted between a corresponding one of said remote station controllers connected to one of said sensors and said central system controller, and said step of transmitting the real-time traffic advisory data is conducted between said central system controller and corresponding ones of said remote station controllers connected to said variable message device and said transmitter device. 34. A method according to claim 26, wherein said step of displaying the real-time traffic advisory data includes providing a plurality of variable message devices relocatably positioned upstream of the work zone or roadway incident. 35. A method according to claim 34, the method further comprising the steps of: transmitting the traffic condition data from the plurality of sensors to the central system controller; and transmitting the real-time traffic advisory data from said central system controller to said plurality of variable message devices, wherein said central system controller is remotely located from said plurality of sensors and said plurality of variable message devices, and said step of generating the traffic advisory data further includes generating selected real-time traffic advisory data messages for corresponding ones of said plurality of variable message devices whereby the selected traffic advisory data messages are only displayed by said corresponding variable message devices. 36. A method according to claim 34, the method further comprising the steps of: providing a traffic advisory data transmitter device relocatably positioned upstream of the work zone or roadway incident; transmitting the traffic condition data from the plurality of sensors to the central system controller; transmitting the real-time traffic advisory data from said central system controller to said plurality of variable message devices and said traffic advisory data transmitter device; and transmitting supplemental traffic information based on the real-time traffic advisory data from said transmitter device to passing motorists via RF signals, wherein said central system controller is remotely located from said plurality of sensors, said plurality of variable message devices and said traffic advisory data transmitter, and said step of generating the real-time traffic advisory data further includes generating selected real-time traffic advisory data messages for corresponding ones of said plurality of variable message devices and said traffic advisory data transmitter whereby the selected traffic advisory data messages are at least one of only displayed and transmitted by a corresponding one of said variable message devices and said transmitter device. 37. A method according to claim 35, the method further comprising the step of: providing a plurality of remote station controllers each operatively connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of sensors and said plurality of variable message devices to control operation of a corresponding one of said sensors and said variable message devices, wherein said step of transmitting the traffic condition data is conducted between a corresponding one of said remote station controllers connected to one of said sensors and said central system controller, and said step of transmitting the selected traffic advisory data messages is conducted between said central system controller and said remote station controllers connected corresponding ones of said variable message devices. 38. A method according to claim 36, the method further comprising the step of: providing a plurality of remote station controllers each operatively connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of sensors, said plurality of variable message devices and said traffic advisory data transmitter device to control operation of a corresponding one of said sensors, said variable message devices and said transmitter device, wherein said step of transmitting the traffic condition data is conducted between a corresponding one of said remote station controllers connected to one of said sensors and said central system controller, and said step of transmitting the traffic advisory data messages is conducted between said central system controller and said remote station controllers connected to corresponding ones of said variable message devices and said transmitter device. 39. A method according to claim 37, wherein said step of generating the traffic advisory data further includes generating selected traffic advisory data messages for corresponding ones of said plurality of variable message devices, whereby the selected traffic advisory data messages are relayed to said corresponding variable message devices via remote station controllers of at least non-corresponding variable message devices. 40. A method according to claim 38, wherein said step of generating the traffic advisory data further includes generating selected real-time traffic advisory data messages for corresponding ones of said plurality of variable message devices and traffic advisory data transmitter device, whereby the selected real-time traffic advisory data messages are relayed to one of said corresponding variable message devices and transmitter device via remote station controllers of at least non-corresponding variable message devices. 41. A method according to claim 25, further comprising the step of: controlling entry of motorist traffic from ramps upstream of the work zone or roadway incident in real-time based on said detected traffic conditions, said step of controlling motorist traffic entry including providing a ramp metering device at an entry ramp upstream of the work zone or roadway incident. 42. A method according to claim 32, further comprising the step of: controlling entry of motorist traffic from ramps upstream of the work zone or roadway incident based on said detected traffic conditions, said step of controlling motorist traffic entry including providing a ramp metering device at an entry ramp upstream of the work zone or roadway incident and connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of remote station controllers. 43. A method according to claim 33, further comprising the step of: controlling entry of motorist traffic from ramps upstream of the work zone or roadway incident based on said detected traffic conditions, said step of controlling motorist traffic entry including providing a ramp metering device at an entry ramp upstream of the work zone or roadway incident and connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of remote station controllers. 44. A method according to claim 37, further comprising the step of: controlling entry of motorist traffic from ramps upstream of the work zone or roadway incident based on said detected traffic conditions, said step of controlling motorist traffic entry including providing a ramp metering device at an entry ramp upstream of the work zone or roadway incident and connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of remote station controllers. 45. A method according to claim 38, further comprising the step of: controlling entry of motorist traffic from ramps upstream of the work zone or roadway incident based on said detected traffic conditions, said step of controlling motorist traffic entry including providing a ramp metering device at an entry ramp upstream of the work zone or roadway incident and connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of remote station controllers. 46. A method for controlling operation of an automated traffic information monitoring and processing system that includes at least a plurality of sensors for detecting current traffic conditions, at least one variable message device, a plurality of remote station controllers each operatively connected to corresponding ones of the plurality of sensors and the at least one variable message device, and a central system controller operatively located within remote communication range of the plurality of remote station controllers, said method comprising the steps of: relocatably positioning said plurality of sensors upstream of the work zone or roadway incident: detecting current traffic conditions from said plurality of sensors based on speeds of vehicles in traffic upstream of the work zone or roadway incident; receiving traffic condition data from remote station controllers connected to the plurality of sensors, the sensors continuously detecting traffic conditions upstream of a work zone or roadway incident in real-time; generating real-time traffic advisory data via the central system controller based on the received traffic condition data; transmitting the real-time traffic advisory data to the plurality of remote station controllers; processing the real-time traffic advisory data in each of the plurality of remote station controllers; relocatably positioning the at least one variable message device upstream of the work zone or roadway incident; displaying real-time traffic advisory messages on the at least one variable message device, said traffic advisory messages including at least one of upcoming traffic speed information, traffic time delay information and traffic advisory instruction information; and configuring locations of said plurality of sensors and said at least one variable message device relative to each other and to the work zone or roadway incident so as to adapt operation of said automated traffic information monitoring and processing system at or near the work zone or roadway incident based on current conditions and location thereof. 47. A method according to claim 46, further comprising the step of: transmitting supplemental traffic information via RF signals to passing motorists in real-time using a supplemental traffic information transmitter device operatively connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of remote station controllers. 48. A method according to claim 46, wherein the automated traffic information monitoring and processing system further includes a plurality of variable message devices each connected to a corresponding one of said plurality of remote station controllers, said step of generating real-time traffic advisory data via the central system controller based on the received traffic condition data including generating real-time traffic advisory data packets specific to each of said plurality of remote station controllers corresponding to said plurality of variable message devices. 49. A method according to claim 48, wherein said step of processing the real-time traffic advisory data in each of the plurality of remote station controllers includes determining whether a received traffic advisory data packet corresponds to a receiving remote station controller, and processing a correctly corresponding received traffic advisory data packet so as to at least display a real-time traffic advisory message on a corresponding variable message display based on the correctly corresponding received traffic advisory data packet. 50. A method according to claim 49, wherein said step of processing the real-time traffic advisory data in each of the plurality of remote station controllers further includes re-transmitting a non-corresponding received traffic advisory data packet so as to be relayed to others of said plurality of remote station controllers. 