An integral indicator or display for a welding lens, which has a twisted nematic liquid crystal cell light shutter, includes plural independently operable twisted nematic liquid crystal cell indicator portions integral with the light shutter twisted nematic liquid crystal cell, indicia associated with respective indicator portions to indicate an operating characteristic of the welding lens, circuitry for operating the lens and the indicator portions, and one or more switches for stepping the circuit through respective settings of operating characteristics, such as shade darkness, sensitivity and delay time. The indicator is dark when the light shutter is dark, and the light shutter may include in optical series with the twisted nematic liquid crystal cell, a birefringent liquid crystal cell light shutter which is faster acting than the twisted nematic liquid crystal cell and can be driven to various shades at respective speeds depending on applied electric field. A method of protecting the eyes of a welder includes selecting an operating characteristic of a welding lens and using a display portion of the welding lens to display an operating characteristics of the welding lens.
Claims I claim: 1. A light transmission controlling device, comprising a liquid crystal shutter selectively operable to affect optical polarization and thereby to control transmission of light, said shutter comprising a plurality of shutter elements in optical series, and an indicator integral with said shutter for indicating an operational characteristic of said shutter, said indicator being separately operable from said shutter. 2. The device of claim 1, said indicator being on one of said shutter elements. 3. The device of claim 1, said shutter comprising a birefringent liquid crystal cell and a twisted nematic liquid crystal cell in optical series. 4. The device of claim 1, further comprising an input polarizer for polarizing light incident on said shutter, and said indicator including means for causing selective transmission or blocking of some of such polarized light to provide a viewable output indicating such operational characteristic. 5. The device of claim 4, said shutter comprising a twisted nematic liquid crystal cell, and said indicator comprising a separately energizable portion of said twisted nematic liquid crystal cell for providing a viewable indicator output. 6. The device of claim 5, said separately energizable portion comprising a reflective liquid crystal display having respective segmented electrodes to present a discernible indication depending on the energization or not thereof. 7. The device of claim 5, said separately energizable portion comprising a transmissive liquid crystal display having respective segmented electrodes to present a discernible indication depending on the energization or not thereof. 8. The device of claim 5, said separately energizable portion comprising a reflective liquid crystal display and a viewable indicator that is selectively illuminated for viewing or not as a discernible indication depending on the energization or not thereof. 9. The device of claim 5, said separately energizable portion comprising a transmissive liquid crystal display and a viewable indicator that is selectively illuminated for viewing or not as a discernible indication depending on the energization or not thereof. 10. The device of claim 4, said indicator comprising a plurality of indicia for indicating respective operational characteristics. 11. The device of claim 1, said shutter comprising a relatively faster acting shutter and a relatively slower acting shutter in optical series, and further comprising a circuit for operating said shutters to block light transmission. 12. A light transmission controlling device comprising: a liquid crystal shutter selectively operable to affect optical polarization and thereby to control transmission of light, said shutter comprising a birefringent liquid crystal cell and a twisted nematic liquid crystal cell in optical series; and an indicator integral with said shutter for indicating an operational characteristic of said shutter, said indicator being on said twisted nematic liquid crystal cell. 13. The device of claim 12, said indicator being operable to indicate operational characteristic of said birefringent liquid crystal cell. 14. A light transmission controlling device, comprising: a liquid crystal shutter selectively operable to affect optical polarization and thereby to control transmission of light; means for adjusting the shade darkness characteristic of said shutter; an input polarizer for polarizing light incident on said shutter; and an indicator integral with said shutter for indicating an operational characteristic of said shutter, said indicator being separately operable from said shutter and including a display for indicating the shade characteristic of the shutter, said indicator further including means for causing selective transmission or blocking of some of such polarized light to provide a viewable output indicating such operational characteristic. 15. A light transmission controlling device, comprising: a liquid crystal shutter selectively operable to affect optical polarization and thereby to control transmission of light; an adjuster for adjusting the sensitivity of said shutter; an input polarizer for polarizing light incident on said shutter; and an indicator integral with said shutter for indicating an operational characteristic of said shutter, said indicator being separately operable from said shutter and including a display for indicating the sensitivity of the shutter, said indicator further including means for causing selective transmission or blocking of some of such polarized light to provide a viewable output indicating such operational characteristic. 16. A light transmission controlling device, comprising: a liquid crystal shutter selectively operable to affect optical polarization and thereby to control transmission of light, said shutter comprising an automatically darkening shutter, including means for operating the shutter to darken upon detection of a condition calling for a darkening; an adjuster for adjusting delay of the shutter to return to a relatively transmissive state following termination of a condition calling for a darkened state; an input polarizer for polarizing light incident on said shutter; and an indicator integral with said shutter for indicating an operational characteristic thereof, said indicator including a display for indicating a characteristic of the delay, said indicator further including means for causing selective transmission or blocking of some of such polarized light to provide a viewable output indicating such operational characteristic. 17. A light transmission controlling device, comprising: a liquid crystal shutter selectively operable to affect optical polarization and thereby to control transmission of light, said shutter comprising a relatively faster action shutter and a relatively slower acting shutter in optical series; a circuit for operating said shutters to block light transmission, said circuit comprising drivers for driving said relatively faster acting shutter with power causing rapid switching to a substantially maximum light blocking condition, and maintaining that condition until said relatively slower acting shutter has switched to a substantially maximum light blocking condition; and an indicator integral with said liquid crystal shutter for indicating an operational characteristic of said liquid crystal shutter. 18. The device of claim 17, said circuit further comprising means for reducing power for driving said relatively faster acting shutter after said relatively slower acting shutter has switched to a substantially maximum light blocking condition. 19. The device of claim 18, said relatively faster acting light shutter comprising a birefringent liquid crystal cell operable to cause light blocking over a range of darkness conditions as voltage of electric field applied thereto is varied over a range. 20. A light shutter having at least respective relatively dark and relatively clear states, comprising: a light control device controllable to switch between respective relatively clear and dark states, said light control device comprising plural light control elements in optical series; a circuit having respective operating modes for controlling operation of said light control device; and an indicator on said light control device and responsive to said circuit for indicating said operating modes, said indicator being separately operable from said light control device. 21. The shutter of claim 20, said light control device comprising a twisted nematic liquid crystal cell including a pair of substrates, liquid crystal material between the substrates and electrodes for applying electric field to the liquid crystal material, and said indicator means comprising respective selectively operable portions of said twisted nematic liquid crystal cell to provide respective indicating outputs. 22. A light shutter having at least respective relatively dark and relatively clear states, comprising: a light control device controllable to switch between respective relatively clear and dark states, said light control device comprising plural light control elements in optical series; a circuit having respective operating modes for controlling operation of said light control device, and an indicator on said light control device and responsive to said circuit for indicating said operating modes said indicator being on one of said light control elements and being separately operable from said light control elements to provide a viewable output when illuminated with light, and another of the light control elements when in the relatively dark state blocks light to or from the indicator thereby tending to preclude a viewable output therefrom. 23. A light shutter having at least respective relatively dark and relatively clear states, comprising: a light control device controllable to switch between respective relatively clear and dark states; a circuit having respective operating modes for controlling operation of said light control device, said circuit being operable to control at least two of shade, sensitivity and delay functions of the light shutter; a selector for selecting respective settings of the functions, said selector comprising respective switches; and an indicator on said light control device responsive to said circuit for indicating said operating modes, said indicator being separately operable from said light control device. 24. The shutter of claim 23, said switches comprising flexible switches. 25. The shutter of claim 24, said switches comprising membrane switches. 26. A light shutter having at least respective relatively dark and relatively clear states, comprising; a light control device controllable to switch between respective relatively clear and dark states, said light control device comprising a relatively faster acting shutter and a relatively slower acting shutter in optical series; a circuit having respective operating modes for controlling operation of said light control device, said circuit comprising drivers for driving said relatively faster acting shutter with power causing rapid switching to a substantially maximum light blocking condition, and maintaining that condition until said relatively slower acting shutter has switched to a substantially maximum light blocking condition; and an indicator on said light control device and responsive to said circuit for indicating said operating modes. 27. The shutter of claim 26, said circuit further comprising means for reducing power for driving said relatively faster acting shutter after said relatively slower acting shutter has switched to a substantially maximum light blocking condition, and said relatively faster acting light shutter comprising a birefringent liquid crystal cell operable to cause light blocking over a range of darkness conditions as voltage of electric field applied thereto is varied over a range. 28. An automatic welding lens system, comprising: an input polarizer, a first light shutter operable selectively to affect polarization of incident polarized light, a first analyzer for transmitting or blocking light from the first light shutter depending on the polarization thereof, a second light shutter operable selectively to affect polarization of incident polarized light from the first analyzer, a second analyzer for transmitting or blocking light from the second light shutter depending on the polarization thereof, and an indicator integral with one of said light shutters for indicating an operational characteristic of said light shutters, said indicator being separately operable from said light shutters. 29. The system of claim 28, wherein one of said light shutters is operable to switch from one condition affecting or not affecting polarization faster than the other of said light shutters, and further comprising a circuit for energizing said shutters to switch them to light blocking mode, said circuit including means for changing operational parameters thereof, and said indicator being operable to indicate at least one of said operational parameters. 30. An automatic welding lens system, comprising; an input polarizer, a first light shutter operable selectively to affect polarization of incident polarized light, a first analyzer for transmitting or blocking light from the first light shutter depending on the polarization of said first light shutter, a second light shutter operable selectively to affect polarization of incident polarized light from the first analyzer, a second analyzer for transmitting or blocking light from the second light shutter depending on the polarization of said second light shutter; one of said light shutters being operable to switch from one condition affecting or not affecting polarization faster than the other of said light shutters; a circuit for energizing said shutters to switch them to light blocking mode, said circuit including switches for changing operational parameters thereof, said operational parameters including at least two of shade, sensitivity, and delay functions of the system; and an indicator integral with one of said light shutters for indicating at least one of said operational parameters. 31. A liquid crystal optical device, comprising: a light shutter for selectively controlling light transmission to a viewing area; said light shutter including a pair of substrates, liquid crystal material between said respective substrates, said liquid crystal material being functional selectively to affect optical polarization characteristic of polarized light, electrodes associated with said respective substrates for selectively applying an electric field to liquid crystal material therebetween to change the characteristics of light transmission through a viewing portion of said light shutter; at least one of said electrodes including an electrode portion that is separately operable from another portion thereof for selective operation to selectively reveal and conceal from view indicia representative of a characteristic of said light shutter. 32. The device of claim 31, further comprising a detector for detecting light, and a circuit responsive to said detector for supplying voltage to said electrodes to apply an electric field to liquid crystal material. 33. The device of claim 32, said circuit including a battery. 34. The device of claim 33, said circuit including a solar cell. 35. The device of claim 32, said circuit including a solar cell. 36. The device of claim 31, said light shutter comprising a plurality of liquid crystal cells in optical series, said electrode portion comprising an electrode portion of one of said liquid crystal cells, and further comprising an input polarizer for polarizing light incident on a first of said liquid crystal cells, a second polarizer between said liquid crystal cells and cooperative with said input polarizer and said first liquid crystal cell to transmit light or to block light transmission depending on the operative condition of said first liquid crystal cell, a second of said liquid crystal cells being positioned to receive light transmitted through said second polarizer, and a further polarizer for transmitting or blocking light depending on the operative condition of said second liquid crystal cell. 37. The device of claim 36, further comprising a further polarizer between said second polarizer and said second liquid crystal cell. 38. The device of claim 36, further comprising a wave plate between at least one of said polarizers and at least one of said liquid crystal cells for compensating for residual birefringence. 39. The device of claim 36, said first liquid crystal cell comprising a variable birefringence liquid crystal cell, a wave plate between said first polarizer and said variable birefringence liquid crystal cell for compensating for residual birefringence. 40. A welding lens assembly, comprising the liquid crystal optical device of claim 31, and further comprising a housing for holding therein the respective portions of the device. 41. A welding helmet, comprising a face shield portion and a lens assembly as set forth in claim 40. 42. The welding helmet of claim 41, further comprising a mount for mounting the welding helmet on the head of a person to place the shutter before the eyes of the person. 43. The device of claim 40, said light shutter and said indicator comprising a liquid crystal cell, and wherein operation of said light shutter and indicator is coordinated whereby when the shutter is in a light blocking mode the indicator also is in a light blocking mode. 44. The device of claim 40, further comprising a hot mirror optically upstream of the light shutter. 45. A liquid crystal optical device, comprising: a light shutter for selectively controlling light transmission to a viewing area; said light shutter including a pair of substrates, liquid crystal material between said respective substrates, said liquid crystal material being functional selectively to affect optical polarization characteristic of polarized light, electrodes associated with said respective substrates for selectively applying an electric field to liquid crystal material therebetween to change the characteristics of light transmission through a viewing portion of said light shutter; at least one switch to select the operable mode of the shutter; a detector for detecting light; a circuit responsive to said detector for supplying voltage to said electrodes to apply an electric field to said liquid crystal material, said circuit including circuit portions responsive to operation of said switch to cycle through respective operational modes of the shutter; and at least one of said electrodes including an electrode portion that is separately operable from another portion thereof for selective operation to display for viewing indicia representative of a characteristic of said light shutter. 46. A liquid crystal optical device, comprising: a light shutter for selectively controlling light transmission to a viewing area; said light shutter including a pair of substrates, liquid crystal material between said respective substrates, said liquid crystal material being functional selectively to affect optical polarization characteristic of polarized light, electrodes associated with said respective substrates for selectively applying an electric field to liquid crystal material therebetween to change the characteristics of light transmission through a viewing portion of said light shutter; a detector for detecting light; a circuit responsive to said detector for supplying voltage to said electrodes to apply an electric field to said liquid crystal material, said circuit including an adjuster for adjusting the sensitivity to light characteristics of the light shutter in light blocking mode; and at least one of said electrodes including an electrode portion that is separately operable from another portion thereof for selective operation to display for viewing indicia representative of a characteristic of said light shutter, said electrode portion being operable to display indicia representing such sensitivity characteristic, and said circuit being operable to supply voltage to a respective part of said electrode portion to cause the display of indicia representing such sensitivity characteristic. 47. A liquid crystal optical device, comprising, a light shutter for selectively controlling light transmission to a viewing area, said light shutter including a pair of substrates, liquid crystal material between said respective substrates, said liquid crystal material being functional selectively to affect optical polarization characteristic of polarized light, electrodes associated with said respective substrates for selectively applying an electric field to liquid crystal material therebetween to change the characteristics of light transmission through a viewing portion of said light shutter, at least one of said electrodes including an electrode portion that is separately operable from another portion thereof for selective operation to display for viewing indicia representative of a characteristic of said light shutter; an indicator for indicating an operative characteristic of said light shutter, said indicator including said electrode portion and said indicia, and said indicia comprising indicia mounted with respect to at least one of said substrates and viewable in response to light the transmission of which is controlled by liquid crystal material in proximity to said electrode portion. 48. The device of claim 47, said light shutter and said indicator comprising a liquid crystal cell, and wherein operation of said light shutter and indicator is coordinated whereby when the shutter is in a light blocking mode the indicator also is in a light blocking mode. 49. The device of claim 47, said light shutter including a primary viewing portion through which transmitted light may be seen through the light shutter, and wherein said electrode portion includes plural electrode portions respectively operable to provide light transmission through respective indicia to indicate the respective operative characteristic of said light shutter. 50. The device of claim 47, said light shutter including a primary viewing portion through which transmitted light may be seen through the light shutter, said indicator including a light reflecting portion, and said electrode portion including plural electrode portions respectively operable to provide light for reflection with respect to the indicia to cause illumination of respective indicia to indicate the respective operative characteristic of said light shutter. 51. The device of claim 31, further comprising a further light shutter in optical series with said light shutter, said further light shutter comprising a birefringent liquid crystal cell and said light shutter comprising a twisted nematic liquid crystal cell, and further comprising a circuit for applying voltage to said liquid crystal cells to drive said liquid crystal cells to light blocking mode, said birefringent liquid crystal cell being operable to achieve a light blocking mode faster than said twisted nematic liquid crystal cell. 52. A liquid crystal optical device, comprising: a light shutter for selectively controlling light transmission to a viewing area; said light shutter including a pair of substrates, liquid crystal material between said respective substrates, said liquid crystal material being functional selectively to affect optical polarization characteristic of polarized light, electrodes associated with said respective substrates for selectively applying an electric field to liquid crystal material therebetween to change the characteristics of light transmission through a viewing portion of said light shutter; at least one of said electrodes including an electrode portion that is separately operable from another portion thereof for selective operation to display for viewing indicia representative of a characteristic of said light shutter; a further light shutter in optical series with said light shutter, said further light shutter comprising a birefringent liquid crystal cell and said light shutter comprising a twisted nematic liquid crystal; and a circuit for applying voltage to said liquid crystal cells to drive said liquid crystal cells to light blocking mode, said birefringent liquid crystal cell being operable to achieve a light blocking mode faster than said twisted nematic liquid crystal cell; said circuit including a circuit portion initially providing energization to said birefringent liquid crystal cell to drive said birefringent liquid crystal cell to a first dark mode, simultaneously to drive said twisted nematic liquid crystal cell to dark mode and, after said twisted nematic liquid crystal cell has at least commenced being driven to dark mode, to reduce energization of said birefringent liquid crystal cell to hold a dark mode and to cooperate with said twisted nematic liquid crystal cell to achieve a dark mode for said light shutter. 53. A method of protecting the eyes of a welder using an automatic darkening welding lens assembly, comprising selecting an operating characteristic of the welding lens assembly, using a display portion of the welding lens assembly displaying such operating characteristic, placing a viewing portion of the welding lens assembly before the eyes of the welder to provide a light shuttering operation for eye protection, and darkening the display portion of the welding lens assembly when the viewing portion is darkened to protect the eyes of the welder. 54. The method of claim 53, said placing comprising placing an optical series of liquid crystal cells between the eyes of the welder and a welding site. 55. The method of claim 54, said placing comprising placing a twisted nematic liquid crystal cell and a birefringent liquid crystal cell between the eyes of the welder and the welding site. 56. The method of claim 55, said displaying comprising displaying simultaneously plural operating conditions of the welding lens assembly. 57. The method of claim 54, said selecting comprising selecting operation of the liquid crystal cells by pressing membrane switches to cycle through respective operational modes of a drive circuit for the welding lens assembly. 58. A light shutter for a welding helmet, said light shutter comprising: a light control device selectively operable between relatively clear and relatively dark states, a control circuit having respective operating modes for controlling operation of said light control device between said relatively clear and relatively dark states, and an indicator on said light control device for indicating an operational characteristic of said light control device, said indicator being separately operable and separately viewable from said light control device. 59. The light shutter of claim 58 wherein said indicator is integral with said light control device. 60. The light shutter of claim 59 wherein said indicator and said light control device are arranged in an overlapping configuration so that operation of said light control device into a relatively dark state obscures said indicator. 