A nasal inhalation device for nebulizing liquid, including medication, used in treatment of upper respiratory and other conditions amenable to intra-nasal administration of medication. Comprises an internal, electrically powered air compressor unit, a nebulizing device, a conduit for connecting the air compressor to nebulizing device and tubing for delivering nebulized fluid to an individual's nasal passages. The compressor unit produces a pressurized air flow which passes through the connecting conduit to the nebulizing means. In the nebulizing device the pressurized air flow interacts with liquid and medication to reduce it to a fine spray. The tubing means carries the spray into individual's nasal passages to effect inhalation therapy for nasal and upper respiratory conditions and for a variety of other conditions whose treating medications have an intra-nasal route of administration.
Claims I claim: 1. A portable human nasal inhalation therapy device, comprising: a housing sized to be worn by a human user; an internal electrically powered compressor received by the housing and having an input of ambient air for producing a pressurized air output, the compressor being sized to be supported by the user while the compressor is in use; an internal conduit having inlet and outlet ends, the inlet end being connected to and receiving the output of the compressor; a nebulizing device at least partially housed within the housing when the nebulizing device is in use, the nebulizing device having an inlet removably connected to the outlet end of said conduit, the nebulizing device being sized to be supported by the user while the nebulizing device is in use, the nebulizing device including a removable reservoir for holding a liquid or medication used in inhalation therapy, the nebulizing device being configured to reduce the medication in the reservoir to a fine spray by the interaction with the pressurized air flow from the compressor to treat nasal, upper respiratory, and other conditions; and external tubing for delivering the spray from an outlet of the nebulizing device to the user's nasal passages, the tubing being bifurcated and including two openings, each sized to fit within one of the user's nostrils, further wherein an outer diameter of the external tubing proximate each opening is larger than a diameter of the external tubing at a location spaced apart from the openings and being shaped to remain in place in the user's nostril and provide the user with therapeutic treatment of nasal, upper respiratory, and other conditions treatable by intra-nasal administration of medication. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising the liquid, wherein said liquid is selected from the group consisting of substantially water and substantially saline. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising the medication, wherein the medication is selected from the group consisting of anti-histamines, antibiotics, steroidal and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents, sympathomimetic amines, mast cell stabilizers, moisturizing agents, mucolytic agents, anti-cholinergic agents, decongestants, anesthetics, analgesics, and anti-viral agents. 4. The device of claim 1, further including a removable clip for carrying the device on the user or as a personal item. 5. The device of claim 1 further including a soft carrying case. 6. The device of claim 5 wherein the carrying case has built-in access to a switch, regulator control means, an air intake and the nebulizing device. 7. The device of claim 5 wherein the carrying case is adaptable for carrying by shoulder and fanny method. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein the external tubing includes self-retaining nasal tubing, where the nasal tubing is bifurcated and includes two openings, each sized to fit within one of the user's nostrils, further wherein an outer diameter of the external tubing proximate each opening is larger than a diameter of the external tubing at a location spaced apart from the openings so as to remain in place in the user's nostril. 9. The device of claim 1, further comprising an electrical source for said compressor selected from the group consisting of: a. rechargeable battery, b. A. C. adaptor, c. 12 volt adaptor, d. solar adaptor, and e. standard plug. 10. The device of claim 1 further including an adjustable regulator to control air flow to the nebulizer. 11. The device of claim 1 wherein the nebulizer is removable. 12. The device of claim 1 further including compartments for medication or fluid, and tubing. 13. The device of claim 1 further, including an alerting system for monitoring energy, power and treatment status, comprising alerting means selected from the group consisting of audible means, visual means, and vibratory means. 14. The device of claim 1 further including a pre-compressor filter. 15. The device of claim 14 wherein said filter is located in an easily accessible compartment in communication with the compressor's air intake. 16. A method for treating various nasal and upper respiratory conditions comprising the steps of: placing a liquid or medication into a nebulizing device; connecting one end of a tubing means to an output end of said nebulizing device; inserting another end of said tubing means into an individual's nasal passages; electrically activating compressor means to supply air under pressure to the nebulizing device to deliver a fine spray of liquid or liquid medication to the nasal passages of the individual over a period of several minutes; supporting said nebulizer and said compressor with the individual's body while delivering the fine spray of liquid and liquid medication; and removing at least a portion of the nebulizer from a housing supporting the nebulizer to refill the nebulizer with a liquid or medication. 17. The treatment method of claim 16 wherein particle size in the spray of liquid and liquid medication is substantially from about 1 micron to substantially about 5 microns in diameter. 18. The treatment method of claim 16, further including regulating air flow from the compressor means to the nebulizing device. 19. The treatment method of claim 18, further comprising regulating the air flow to be between about 2 liters per minute and about 15 liters per minute. 20. A portable human nasal inhalation therapy device, comprising: a housing sized to be worn by a human user; an electrically powered compressor located at least partially within the housing, the compressor having an air intake to receive ambient air and an air outlet to deliver compressed air, the compressor being sized to be readily supported by the user while the compressor is in use; a conduit having first and second opposite ends, the first end being connected to the air outlet of the compressor to receive the compressed air; an atomizer having an inlet and an outlet, the inlet being connected to the second end of the conduit, the atomizer further having a removable reservoir to receive liquid having medication, the atomizer being configured to atomize the liquid by combining the liquid with the compressed air from the compressor to form a fine spray, the atomizer being sized to be supported by the user while the atomizer is in use; a tube extending at least partially outside the housing and having a first end coupled to the outlet of the atomizer and a second end opposite the first end, the second end being configured to fit within or near to a human nostril to deliver the spray to a human nasal passage; and a portable power supply coupled to the compressor to power the compressor while the compressor is supported by the user. 21. The device of claim 20 wherein the portable power supply includes a rechargeable battery. 22. The device of claim 20 wherein the portable power supply includes a recharging device. 23. The device of claim 20, further comprising a clip removably attached to the housing and configured to be worn by the user to support the compressor and atomizer when the compressor and atomizer are in use. 24. The device of claim 20 wherein the second end of the tubing includes tubing stays configured to engage an inner surface of the nasal passage and restrict motion of the tubing away from the nasal passage. 