A solar concentrator for producing usable power as heat and/or electricity uses a self-steering heliostat 1502 to concentrate solar radiation 1509 onto an absorbing surface such as, or including, a solar cell array 1511 capable of absorbing power from the radiation, meanwhile removing heat (such as from long-wave infra-red radiation or resistive losses) from the surface with fluid heat transfer means 1503, 1504, then making effective use of that low-grade heat. Thus the solar cell array is kept relatively cool and a larger proportion of the solar energy incident on the reflector unit is used. The invention uses electricity 1506 from the solar cells to move a transporting fluid through a heat exchanger 1504. Excess electricity may be available for local storage or use 1510, or feeding 1512 to the power distribution grid. Applications include warming swimming pools 1501, heating hot-water supplies using excess electricity, or warming, lighting and ventilating open spaces.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar concentrator for generating electricity and heat and having at least one concentrator unit, said at least one concentrator unit having: an absorbing surface for converting incident solar radiation into energy having a long axis and a short axis; concentration means including a plurality of planar reflective surfaces having a long axis and a short axis, and support means for supporting said absorbing surface and said planar reflective surfaces with their long axes aligned in a horizontal direction, and mounting means allowing the absorbing means and planar reflective surfaces to move in unison; said support means supporting said planar reflective surfaces so that they approximate a curved surface; wherein said absorbing surface is supported at or near a focus of said curved surface whereby said plurality of reflective surfaces reflect solar radiation towards said absorbing surface, said plurality of reflective surfaces being so dimensioned and supported on said support means that solar radiation reflected thereby is reflected towards the whole absorbing surface. 2. A solar concentrator as claimed in claim 1, wherein said absorbing surface has at least one passageway for the passage therethrough of a coolant. 3. A solar concentrator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the curved surface is a parabolic curve or a circular section. 4. A solar concentrator as claimed in claim 3, wherein the absorbing surface includes means capable of converting at least some of the incident radiation into a flow of electricity by means of a photovoltaic process. 5. A solar concentrator as claimed in claim 4, wherein the energy conversion means included in the absorbing surface includes a layer of solar cells covered by a one or more transparent or translucent passages, each passage being in effective thermal contact with the layer of solar cells and each passage being capable of carrying said fluid; so that heat may be removed from the absorbing surface. 6. A solar concentrator as claimed in claim 5, having at least one trough concentrator unit is capable of tracking the motion of the sun, so that an optimum concentration of radiation is reflected on to the absorbing surface. 7. A solar concentrator as claimed in claim 6, wherein power for use in causing the solar concentrator to track the sun and for transporting the cooling fluid is derived from the absorbing surface. 8. A solar concentrator as claimed in claim 7, further comprising a heated swimming pool, wherein the heat removed from the absorbing surface is transferred to said heated swimming pool. 9. A solar concentrator as claimed in claim 7, further comprising a reservoir of hot water, wherein the heat removed from the absorbing surface is transferred to said reservoir of hot water. 10. A solar concentrator as claimed in claim 9, wherein electrical heating means is provided within the reservoir of hot water, capable of further heating the reservoir of hot water by means of electricity including the electricity produced within the solar concentrator. 11. A solar concentrator as claimed in claim 5, further comprising a reservoir capable of holding a heated substance, wherein the heat removed from the absorbing surface is transferred to said reservoir. 12. A solar concentrator as claimed in claim 5, further comprising a drying chamber, wherein the heat removed from the absorbing surface is transferred to said drying chamber. 13. A solar concentrator as claimed in claim 5, further comprising a heat engine capable of converting heat energy into kinetic energy, wherein the heat removed from the absorbing surface is transferred to said heat engine. 14. A solar concentrator as claimed in claim 13, wherein the heat engine is mechanically coupled to a dynamoelectric machine capable of generating an electric current. 15. A solar concentrator as claimed in claim 13, further comprising a second heat engine operated in reverse in order to remove the heat from air within a space. 16. A solar concentrator as claimed in claim 3, wherein the energy conversion means included in the absorbing surface includes a layer of solar cells, and in which the electrical output of the layer of solar cells is increased over that to be expected from said solar cells in direct exposure to incident solar radiation, in proportion to the number of planar reflecting surfaces in use. 17. A solar concentrator as claimed in claim 16, having at least one chamber is connected to fluid transfer means capable of causing effective circulation of a cooling fluid along one or more passages to a heat utilisation means and back again, so that during use the cooling fluid is capable of transporting heat from the absorbing surface to the heat utilisation means thereby providing a useful energy output in addition to the electricity obtained by the photovoltaic process. 