For facilitating work and improving durability of a grounding conductor without a need for preparation of a separate grounding conductor for grounding a solar cell array, a solar cell array is provided comprising a plurality of solar cell modules each comprising a solar cell element and an electroconductive outer portion, the plurality of solar cell modules being electrically connected by an electric wire, wherein the electric wire has a plurality of cores, at least one of the cores being connected to an electric connection portion for leading a power of the solar cell elements out and at least one of the cores being connected to a grounding portion.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell array comprising a plurality of solar cell modules each comprising a solar cell element and an electroconductive outer portion, the plurality of solar cell modules being electrically connected by an electric wire, wherein the electric wire has a plurality of cores, at least one of the cores being connected to an electric connection portion for leading the power of the solar cell elements out and at least one of the cores being electrically connected to and in conduction with a grounding portion. 2. The solar cell array according to claim 1, wherein the solar cell modules are building material-integrated solar cell modules. 3. A photovoltaic power generation apparatus having the solar cell array as set forth in claim 1 connected to an inverter for controlling the output of the solar cell array or to a connection box by the electric wire. 4. A photovoltaic power generation apparatus having the solar cell array as set forth in claim 1 linked through an inverter to a power generation system. 5. The solar cell array according to claim 1, wherein the electric wire is a cable. 6. The solar cell array according to claim 1, wherein the grounding portion is provided in the electroconductive outer portion. 7. The solar cell array according to claim 1, wherein the electroconductive outer portion is a back surface material disposed on a non-light receiving surface side of the solar cell modules. 8. The solar cell array according to claim 1, wherein the grounding portion is provided on a support member of the solar cell array. 9. The solar cell array according to claim 1, wherein the grounding portion is provided on at least one of a steel belt and an electroconductive underlayment laid below the solar cell array. 10. The solar cell array according to claim 1, wherein the connection is made through connectors. 11. The solar cell array according to claim 1, wherein the light-receiving surface side of each of the solar cell elements is coated with a resin. 12. The solar cell array according to claim 1, wherein a weather-resistant transparent film is provided as an outermost surface coating material on the light-receiving surface side of each of the solar cell modules. 13. The solar cell array according to claim 1, wherein the solar cell elements each comprise a non-crystalline silicon based semiconductor formed on a stainless steel substrate. 14. The solar cell array according to claim 1, wherein the solar cell modules have flexibility. 15. A method of constructing a photovoltaic power generation apparatus by connecting a plurality of solar cell modules, each comprising a solar cell element and an electroconductive outer portion, through an electric wire having a plurality of cores to compose a solar cell array, and by further connecting the solar cell array to a connection box or an inverter by the electric wire, the method comprising the step of connecting at least one of the cores to an electric connection portion for leading the power of the solar cell elements out and the step of electrically connecting at least one of the cores to a grounding portion so as to be in conduction with said grounding portion. 16. A solar cell module comprising a solar cell elements an electroconductive outer portion, an electric wire, and a member having arranged therein an electric connection portion for leading the power of the solar cell element out and a grounding portion, wherein the electric wire has a plurality of cores, at least one of the cores being connected to the electric connection portion and at least one of the cores being electrically connected to and in conduction with the grounding portion. 17. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein the member is a junction box. 18. The solar cell module according to claim 17, wherein the junction box has a connector portion. 19. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein the member is a connector. 20. The solar cell module according to claim 19, wherein the connector has a plurality of poles and wherein the grounding portion is connected to a corresponding grounding portion of the connector prior to connecting the electric connection portion. 21. The solar cell module according to claim 19, wherein the connector has a plurality of poles having a plurality of thicknesses. 22. A solar cell array composed by connecting a plurality of the solar cell modules as set forth in claim 16 by an electric wire having a plurality of cores. 23. A solar cell array composed by connecting a plurality of the solar cell modules as set forth in claim 16 through connectors. 24. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein the solar cell module is a building material or solar cell-integrated roofing material. 25. A photovoltaic power generation apparatus having the solar cell array as set forth in claim 23 connected to an inverter for controlling an output of the array or to a connection box. 26. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein the grounding portion is a screw hole portion or through hole portion provided in the electroconductive outer portion. 27. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein the grounding portion is provided on the electroconductive outer portion by either laser welding or resistance welding. 28. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein the grounding portion is connected to the electroconductive outer portion with an electroconductive adhesive. 29. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein the grounding portion has a male screw portion or a female screw portion. 30. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein the inside of the same member is filled with a filler. 31. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein the member is electrically conductive, is electrically connected to the electroconductive outer portion, and has a grounding portion. 32. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein the light-receiving surface side of the solar cell element is coated with a resin. 33. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein a weather-resistant transparent film is provided as an outermost surface coating material on the light-receiving surface side of the solar cell module. 34. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein the solar cell element comprises a non-crystalline silicon based material formed on a stainless steel substrate. 35. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein the solar cell module has flexibility. 36. A method of producing a solar cell module comprising a solar cell element, an electroconductive outer portion, and an electric wire, comprising the steps of: providing a solar cell module comprising a solar cell element and an electroconductive outer portion; arranging a junction box on the electroconductive outer portion so that the junction box embraces an electric connection portion for leading the power of the solar cell element out and a grounding portion; connecting at least one of a plurality of cores of an electric wire to the electric connection portion; and making at least one of the plurality of cores of the electric wire electrically connected to and in conduction with the grounding portion. 37. The method according to claim 36, further comprising the step of connecting an electric wire having a plurality of cores to which a connector having a grounding electrode and a conduction electrode is connected, to the electric connection portion and to the grounding portion. 38. The method according to claim 36, further comprising the step of filling the junction box with a filler. 39. A method of constructing a solar cell array comprising the step of connecting a plurality of solar cell modules as set forth in claim 16 to each other by connecting the members thereof, thereby composing a solar cell array. 40. A method of inspecting a photovoltaic power generation apparatus comprising the step of measuring the resistance of the grounding portion between two electrodes of the solar cell array of the photovoltaic power generation apparatus as set forth in claim 3. 41. A method of inspecting a photovoltaic power generation apparatus comprising the step of measuring the resistance of the grounding portion between two electrodes of the solar cell array of the photovoltaic power generation apparatus as set forth in claim 25. 42. A solar cell module comprising a solar cell element, an electroconductive outer portion, and an electric wire with a plurality of cores having a module connector at an end portion thereof, at least one of the cores being connected to an electric connection portion for leading the power of the solar cell element out, at least one of the cores being electrically connected to and in conduction with a grounding portion, wherein the module connector has a plurality of poles each electrically connected to a corresponding one of the plurality of cores such that when the module connector is engaged with an outer connector, at least one of the plurality of poles of the module connector in conduction via a corresponding one of the plurality of cores with the grounding portion is connected to a corresponding one pole of the outer connector, and then the other of the plurality of poles of the module connector in conduction via a corresponding one of the plurality of cores with the electric connection portion is connected to a corresponding one pole of the outer connector. 43. A solar cell module comprising a solar cell element, an electroconductive outer portion, and an electric wire with a plurality of cores having a connector at an end portion thereof, at least one of the cores being connected to an electric connection portion for leading the power of the solar cell element out, at least one of the cores being electrically connected to and in conduction with a grounding portion, wherein the connector has a plurality of poles of different thicknesses. 