A changeable portable, solar powered message sign is disclosed which offers reduced power consumption and enhanced visibility to intended observers especially during the difficult hours about dawn and dusk. The system features character matrices and two independent types of pixel defining systems. The system also includes an automatic solar tracking and control system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electrically operated sign system for displaying a time variable message over a full range of ambient light levels comprising: (a) a sign panel for displaying said message, said sign panel comprising a plurality of character matrices arranged in rows and columns in the panel and wherein each of said character matrices further comprises an array of pixels arranged in rows and columns which may be selectively used to define a character; (b) wherein said sign panel includes a shuttered system for displaying said message including non-polarizing electro-optic shutters, one shutter for each pixel, said shutters operable between a high light transmitting open state and a low light transmitting closed state and a reflecting surface behind each said shutter for reflecting ambient light received through said electro-optic shutter in said open state back through said shutter; (c) wherein said sign panel further includes a shutterless system independent of said shutter system for displaying said message using artificial lighting devices, wherein said artificial lighting devices are located alongside of said electro-optic shutters and include for each pixel at least one low power artificial lighting device; (d) an electrical energizing system connected to selectively operate said electro-optic shutters of said shuttered system and said artificial lighting devices for said shutterless system; and (e) a control system for selectively causing said sign panel to display said message by using a system for displaying said message from the group consisting of said shuttered system and said shutterless system in a manner such that said message can be displayed over a full range of ambient light levels with low power consumption. 2. The sign system as in claim 1 wherein said control system further includes a control device to operate both said shuttered system for displaying said message using ambient light and said shutterless system for displaying said message using artificial lighting at the same time. 3. The sign system as in claim 2 wherein said sign system further comprises a mobile mounting system for carrying said sign panel. 4. The sign system as in claim 2 wherein said control system means further comprises a light sensor for controlling the operation of both said shuttered and shutterless systems for displaying said message. 5. The sign system as in claim 2 wherein said electrical energizing system further comprises a solar-powered energy source for supplying electrical energy to operate said sign stem. 6. The sign system as in claim 5 wherein said low power artificial lighting devices comprise a pair of light emitting diodes for each pixel. 7. The sign system as in claim 1 wherein said sign system further comprises a mobile mounting system for carrying said sign panel. 8. The sign system as in claim 1 wherein said control system further comprises a light sensor for controlling the operation of said shutterless system for displaying said message based on observed ambient light level. 9. The sign system as in claim 8 wherein said light sensor is an incrementally sensitive photocell. 10. The sign system as in claim 9 wherein said low power artificial lighting devices comprise a pair of light emitting diodes for each pixel. 11. The sign system as in claim 1 wherein said control system further comprises a light sensor for controlling the operation of said shuttered system for displaying said message using ambient light. 12. The sign system as in claim 1 wherein said control system further comprises means for controlling a level of output for said artificial lighting devices based on observed ambient light level. 13. The sign system as in claim 1 wherein said low power artificial lighting devices comprise at least one light emitting diode (LED). 14. The sign system as in claim 1 wherein said electrical energizing system further comprises a solar-powered energy source for supplying electrical energy to operate said sign system. 15. The sign system as in claim 14 wherein said solar powered energy source further comprises a solar panel and wherein said apparatus further comprises a solar panel mechanized mounting device for carrying said solar panel, said mechanized mounting device being powered to control the disposition of said solar panel with respect to an elevational angular disposition of the solar panel relative to an angle defining a solar position and the rotational angle of said solar panel with regard to said solar position control being responsive to said light sensor. 16. The sign system as in claim 15 wherein said mechanized maounting device further controls the disposition of said solar panel. 17. The sign system as in claim 15 wherein said mechanized mounting device comprises an electro-mechanical control. 18. The sign system as in claim 1 wherein said electro-optic shutter is a normally closed diachroic shutter. 19. The sign system as in claim 1 wherein each said electro-optic shutter has a transmittance in the range of 10% when closed and 70% when open. 