A solar energy collector includes a base supporting a modular unit, a flexible mounting pad, and a solar panel turret extending upward from the mounting pad. A water receptacle surrounds the mounting pad. The solar panel turret is generally hemiellipsoidal and is divided into upstanding quadrants inclined away from each other to expose their inner surfaces as well as outer surfaces to light. Both inner and outer surfaces of the turret quadrants are arrayed with solar cells to form a solar panels. The turret is of a convex configuration so that all surfaces are exposed to sunlight when the turret is pointed at the sun. The flexible mounting pad allows the solar panel turret to move through a solid angle in response to the position of the sun to follow the sun. The total surface area of the inner and outer surfaces of the turret is substantially greater than the ground surface area occupied by the device. The base includes a water tank and a water line connected it, and the water receptacle is adapted to collect precipitation for delivery to the water tank. The turret is covered with clear protective coating.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy collector including a base, a flexible mounting pad supported on said base, and a solar panel turret supported on and extending up from said mounting pad; said solar panel turret being generally hemiellipsoidal and divided into upstanding sections, said sections being inclined away from each other to expose inner surfaces as well as the outer surfaces thereof to light, said inner and outer surfaces of said turret each arrayed with solar cells to form a solar panel, said turret being of convex configuration whereby all said surfaces are exposed to sunlight when said turret is pointed at the sun; said flexible mounting pad allowing said solar panel turret to move through a solid angle in response to the sensed position of the sun to follow the sun; the surface area of said solar panels of said turret being greater than the bottom surface area of said base. 2. A solar energy collector as defined in claim 1, further characterized by: said base including a water tank and a water line connected thereto, said water receptacle adapted to collect precipitation for delivery to said water tank. 3. A solar energy collector as defined in claim 1, further characterized by said turret covered with clear protective coating. 4. A solar energy collector including a base, a water module on said base, a flexible mounting pad on said water module, a water receptacle surrounding said mounting pad, and a solar panel turret supported on and extending up from said mounting pad; said solar panel turret being generally hemiellipsoidal and divided into upstanding quadrants, said quadrants being inclined away from each other to expose inner surfaces as well as outer surfaces thereof to light, said inner and outer surfaces of said turret each arrayed with solar cells to form a solar panel, said turret being of convex configuration whereby all said surfaces are exposed to sunlight when said turret is pointed at the sun; said flexible mounting pad allowing said solar panel turret to move through a solid angle in response to the sensed position of the sun to follow the sun; the total surface area of said inner and outer surfaces of said turret being greater than the bottom surface area of said base. 5. A solar energy collector as defined in claim 4, further characterized by: said base including a water tank and a water line connected thereto, said water receptacle adapted to collect precipitation for delivery to said water tank. 6. A solar energy collector as defined in claim 4, further characterized by said turret covered with clear protective coating. 