A heated antenna system includes an antenna having a reflecting surface and a heater associated with the reflecting surface. A base is connected with the antenna. A direct current voltage supply is connected with the heater. The direct current voltage supply is configured for providing direct current power to the heater. The direct current voltage supply is coupled with the base and has a weight sufficient to ballast the base, thereby ballasting the antenna.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A heated antenna system, comprising: an antenna having a reflecting surface and a heater associated with said reflecting surface; a pedestal attached to said antenna and having two ends facing in substantially opposite directions; a base attached to a lower one of said two ends of said pedestal; and a direct current voltage supply connected with said heater, said direct current voltage supply being configured for providing direct current power to said heater, said direct current voltage supply being coupled with said base and having a weight sufficient to ballast said base, thereby ballasting said antenna. 2. The heated antenna system of claim 1, wherein said direct current voltage supply has a low voltage. 3. The heated antenna system of claim 1, wherein said direct current voltage supply comprises at least one battery, each said battery being one of a lead-acid battery and a gel battery. 4. The heated antenna system of claim 3, wherein said direct current voltage supply includes at least one box, each said box encasing at least one said battery and including at least one terminal and at least one vent. 5. The heated antenna system of claim 1, wherein said base comprises a substantially watertight container, said container containing said direct current voltage supply. 6. The heated antenna system of claim 5, further comprising at least one electrical controller electrically connected to said direct current voltage supply. 7. The heated antenna system of claim 6, wherein said container includes an outer surface, said heated antenna system further comprising at least one sensor electrically connected to said at least one electrical controller, said at least one sensor being connected to said outer surface of said container. 8. The heated antenna system of claim 1, further comprising a pedestal interconnecting said base and said antenna. 9. A heated antenna system, comprising: an antenna having a reflecting surface and a heater associated with said reflecting surface; a source of direct current voltage connected with said heater, said source of direct current voltage being configured for providing direct current power to said heater; a monitoring device electrically connected to said source of direct current voltage, said monitoring device being configured for monitoring said source of direct current voltage and transmitting a status signal indicative of a status of said source of direct current voltage; an alarm transmitter electrically connected with said monitoring device, said alarm transmitter being configured for receiving said status signal and transmitting an airborne signal, said airborne signal being dependent upon said status signal; and an alarm receiver configured for receiving said airborne signal and activating an alarm dependent upon said airborne signal. 10. The heated antenna system of claim 9, wherein said airborne signal comprises a radio frequency signal. 11. The heated antenna system of claim 9, wherein said monitoring device comprises at least one electrical controller. 12. The heated antenna system of claim 9, wherein said status of said source of direct current voltage comprises a voltage level. 13. A heated antenna system, comprising: an antenna having a reflecting surface and a heater associated with said reflecting surface; a direct current voltage supply connected with said heater, said direct current voltage supply being configured for providing direct current power to said heater; a power switch electrically interconnecting said direct current voltage supply and said heater; and an electrical control system electrically connected to said direct current voltage supply, said electrical control system being configured for charging and monitoring said direct current voltage supply and issuing a status signal indicative of a status of said direct current voltage supply, said electrical control system being electrically connected to said power switch, said electrical control system being configured to open and close said power switch such that said power switch transmits a pulse width modulated voltage to said heater, a level of said pulse width modulated voltage being dependent upon an ambient temperature. 14. The heated antenna system of claim 13, wherein said electrical control system is configured to cyclically open and close said power switch such that a percentage of time that said power switch is open varies with the ambient temperature. 15. The heated antenna system of claim 13, wherein said pulse width modulated voltage provides an effective voltage with a magnitude decreasing substantially linearly with the ambient temperature. 16. The heated antenna system of claim 13, wherein said direct current power to said heater is disabled outside of a predetermined range of ambient temperatures and has a variable level within said predetermined range of ambient temperatures, said variable level being dependent upon an ambient temperature. 17. The heated antenna system of claim 13, further comprising a conductor configured for simultaneously carrying data to said antenna and providing electrical energy, said electrical energy being for powering said electrical control system and recharging said direct current voltage supply. 18. The heated antenna system of claim 13, wherein said status of said direct current voltage supply comprises a voltage level monitored by said electrical control system, said electrical control system being configured to maintain said voltage level within a predetermined range. 19. The heated antenna system of claim 13, further comprising at least one solar collector electrically connected to said electrical control system and configured to provide electrical power thereto. 20. The heated antenna system of claim 13, wherein said electrical control system includes a DC to DC converter and a trickle charging voltage for charging said direct current voltage supply, said trickle charging voltage being dependent upon an ambient temperature. 21. The heated antenna system of claim 9, wherein said source of direct current voltage comprises a direct current voltage supply. 22. A heated antenna system, comprising: an antenna having a reflecting surface and a heater associated with said reflecting surface; a source of direct current voltage connected with said heater, said source of direct current voltage being configured for providing direct current power to said heater; an electrical control system electrically connected to said source of direct current voltage, said electrical control system being configured for monitoring said source of direct current voltage and issuing a status signal indicative of a status of said source of direct current voltage; and an alarm device configured for activating an alarm dependent upon said status signal. 