A photovoltaic module capable of being oriented by hand with respect to the sun, including an infinitely adjustable stand system for locating the module at its optimum orientation with respect to the sun and a multi-volt controller for regulating the power flow between the module and one or more powered devices.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In combination with a substantially flat photovoltaic module having photovoltaic cells on one face thereof wherein an electrically activated display device on the module indicates its power generating effectiveness for its instantaneous orientation with respect to an energizing light source, the improvement which comprises a) a stand system for locating said module at its optimum orientation with respect to said light source comprising i. a straight mounting edge on said module for disposition on a support surface, ii. at least one infinitely adjustable hinge element on that face of said module opposite the module face on which the photovoltaic cells are located, iii. a support member pivotally attached to said module by said hinge element and including an extended support arm remote from the hinge element disposed parallel to said mounting edge of the module, iv. the hinge element permitting infinite adjustment of the angle between the module face on which the photovoltaic cells are located and the support surface so that the module may be oriented substantially perpendicular to light rays from the energizing light source; and b) a multi-volt controller electrically connected between said module and a load powered by the module comprising i. at least one voltage regulator for maintaining the photovoltaic module output voltage at some predetermined level consistent with said load, and ii. a maximum power tracker for monitoring the power output of the module so as to disconnect the module from the load when its voltage output drops below a certain minimum and to reconnect the module to that load when its voltage output rises above a certain maximum which is higher than said minimum, iii. the maximum power tracker having no effect if the load can be powered by the module. 2. In combination with a substantially flat photovoltaic module having photovoltaic cells on one face thereof wherein an electrically activated display assembly on the module indicates its power generating effectiveness for its instantaneous orientation with respect to an energizing light source, a stand system for locating said module at its optimum orientation with respect to said light source comprising a) a straight mounting edge on said module for disposition on a support surface, b) at least one infinitely adjustable hinge element on that face of said module opposite the module face on which the photovoltaic cells are located, c) a support member pivotally attached to said module by said hinge element and including an extended support arm remote from the hinge element disposed parallel to said mounting edge of the module, d) the hinge element permitting infinite adjustment of the angle between the module face on which the photovoltaic cells are located and the support surface so that the module may be oriented substantially perpendicular to light rays from the energizing light source. 3. The combination according to claim 2 wherein two hinge elements are included in the stand system. 4. The combination of claim 3 wherein the two hinge elements are of the same form except that each is a mirror image of the other. 5. The combination of claim 3 wherein the support member includes two parallel side sections extending from the respective hinge elements to respective opposite ends of the support arm. 6. The combination of claim 5 wherein the parallel sides and support arm of the support member are all continuous and of the same circular cross section. 7. In combination with a substantially flat photovoltaic module having photovoltaic cells on one face thereof wherein an electrically activated display assembly on the module indicates its power generating effectiveness for its instantaneous orientation with respect to an energizing light source, a multi-volt controller electrically connected between said module and a load powered by the module comprising a) at least one voltage regulator for maintaining the photovoltaic module output voltage at some predetermined level consistent with said load, and b) a maximum power tracker for monitoring the voltage output of the module so as to disconnect the voltage regulator from the load when the module voltage output drops below a certain minimum and reconnect the voltage regulator to that load when the module voltage output rises above a certain maximum which is higher than said minimum, c) the maximum power tracker having no effect if the load can be powered by the module. 8. The combination according to claim 7 wherein two voltage regulators are provided one for maintaining the first voltage regulator output at fixed voltage to power a computer and the other for maintaining the second voltage regulator output at a selected voltage to power apparatus requiring that selected voltage. 