An inverter includes a first switch to disconnect an output of the inverter from any device connected thereto, a second switch to disconnect and connect an input of the inverter from direct current fed to the inverter, and a discharge device to discharge any residual charge on a large capacitor. The inverter further includes a voltage sensor to measure input DC voltage to the inverter, a current sensor to measure input DC current to the inverter and a data recorder to provide a current voltage trace to provide a current-voltage curve tracer to provide current-voltage properties of the solar array to which the inverter is attached. The inverter is capable of reproducibly operating at the same point on a module IV curve for a given set of temperature and irradiance conditions. By coupling a temperature sensor to the inverter, photovoltaic module temperature can be measured and combined with the data from the input DC current and voltage sensors and information on the photovoltaic module operating characteristics to compute solar plane-of-array irradiance. Also described is a method for ascertaining photovoltaic module temperature by combining irradiance data, input DC current and voltage measurements and the knowledge that the inverter is operating at a known point on an IV curve. The inverter also includes AC current and voltage sensors for computing inverter output total harmonic distortion.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for measuring parameters of a photovoltaic power system comprising the step of: operating an inverter for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) comprising the steps of: (a) measuring input DC voltage to the inverter; (b) measuring input DC current to the inverter; (c) measuring output AC voltage from the inverter; (d) measuring output AC current; and (e) determining solar insolation. 2. The method as recited in claim 1 wherein the step of operating an inverter for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) further comprises the steps of: (a) operating the inverter at a maximum power point; (b) calculating, from the input DC voltage and the input DC current, input power to the inverter; and (c) calculating, from the input power to the inverter, solar insolation, E, using the equation: ##EQU2## where E.sub.s =1000 Watts/M.sup.2, solar insolation at standard test conditions, E=Solar insolation during measurement conditions, D=empirically derived constant specific to the PV module model which is factory determined and stored in a look-up table in microcontroller memory, G=Empirically derived constant specific to the PV module model which is factory determined and stored in a look-up table in microcontroller memory, T.sub.s =Cell temperature at standard test conditions, 25.degree. C., T=Cell temperature during measurement conditions, P.sub.max =Maximum module output power during measurement conditions, and P.sub.maxs =Maximum module output power at standard test conditions. 3. The method as recited in claim 2 wherein the step of operating an inverter for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) further comprises the steps of: (a) calculating, from the output AC voltage and the output AC current, output power from the inverter; and (b) calculating, from the input power to the inverter and the output power from the inverter, operating efficiency of the inverter. 4. The method as recited in claim 1 wherein the step of operating an inverter for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) further comprises the steps of: (a) calculating, from the output AC current, harmonic distortion of an output signal of the inverter. 5. The method as recited in claim 1 wherein the step of operating an inverter for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) further comprises the steps of: (a) determining, from the input DC voltage, the input DC current, the output AC voltage and the output AC current, maximum power point of the inverter; (b) determining temperature of a solar cell; and (c) calculating, from the temperature of the solar cell, input DC voltage and the input DC current, solar insolation. 6. The method as recited in claim 1 further comprising the steps of: (a) storing a plurality of maximum power point data for a plurality of respective current-voltage curves; (b) determining temperature of the solar cell to provide temperature data; and (c) obtaining, from the determined temperature data and a selected one of the plurality of maximum power point data, solar insolation. 7. The method as recited in claim 1 further comprising the steps of: (a) storing a plurality of maximum power point data for a plurality of respective current-voltage curves; (b) determining insolation with an external sensor; and (c) obtaining, from the insolation and a selected one of the plurality of maximum power point data, corresponding cell temperature. 8. The method as recited in claim 1 further comprising the steps of: (a) measuring wind speed about the photovoltaic power system; (b) measuring ambient temperature about the photovoltaic power system; and (c) measuring module temperature of the inverter. 9. A method for measuring parameters of a photovoltaic array comprising the step of: operating an inverter, having an input and an output, for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) comprising the steps of: (a) disconnecting the output of the inverter from any device connected thereto; (b) disconnecting the input of the direct current fed to the inverter; (c) discharging any residual charge on a large capacitor; (d) connecting the input of the direct current across a large fully discharged capacitor; (e) measuring input DC voltage to the inverter; (f) measuring input DC current to the inverter; and (g) providing current voltage data indicative of the parameters of the photovoltaic array. 10. The method as recited in claim 9 wherein the step of operating an inverter for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) further comprises the steps of: (a) periodically repeating the steps of: (i) disconnecting an output of the inverter from any device connected thereto; (ii) disconnecting an input of the direct current fed to the inverter; (iii) discharging any residual charge on a large fully discharged capacitor; (iv) connecting the input of the direct current across a large fully discharged capacitor; (v) measuring input DC voltage to the inverter; (vi) measuring input DC current to the inverter; and (vii) calculating a current voltage trace to provide a current-voltage curve tracer; and (b) comparing present measurements with prior measurements to deduce solar array degradation. 11. The method as recited in claim 9 wherein the step of operating an inverter for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) further comprises the steps of: (a) periodically repeating the steps of: (i) disconnecting an output of the inverter from any device connected thereto; (ii) disconnecting an input of the direct current fed to the inverter; (iii) discharging any residual charge on a large fully discharged capacitor; (iv) connecting the input of the direct current across a large fully discharged capacitor; (v) measuring input DC voltage to the inverter; (vi) measuring input DC current to the inverter; and (vii) providing a current voltage trace to provide a current-voltage curve tracer; and (b) comparing present measurements with known measurements to ensure proper insolation measurements. 12. The method as recited in claim 9 wherein the step of operating an inverter for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) further comprises the steps of: (a) periodically repeating the steps of: (i) disconnecting an output of the inverter from any device connected thereto; (ii) disconnecting an input of the direct current fed to the inverter; (iii) discharging any residual charge on a large fully discharged capacitor; (iv) connecting the input of the direct current across a large fully discharged capacitor; (v) measuring input DC voltage to the inverter; (vi) measuring input DC current to the inverter; and (vii) providing a current voltage trace to provide a current-voltage curve tracer; and (b) comparing current measurements with known measurements and calibrating a maximum power point tracker using current measurements. 13. An inverter for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) comprising: (a) means for disconnecting an output of the inverter from any device connected thereto; (b) means for disconnecting an input of the direct current fed to the inverter; (c) means for discharging any residual charge on a large capacitor; (d) means for connecting the input of the direct current across the large fully discharged capacitor; (e) means for measuring input DC voltage to the inverter; (f) means for measuring input DC current to the inverter; and (g) means for providing a current voltage trace to provide a current-voltage curve tracer. 14. The inverter as recited in claim 13 further comprising: (a) means for comparing present measurements with prior measurements to discover solar array degradation. 15. The inverter as recited in claim 13 further comprising: (a) means for comparing present measurements with known measurements to ensure proper insolation measurements. 16. The inverter as recited in claim 13 further comprising: (a) means for comparing present measurements with known measurements and calibrating a maximum power point tracker using up to date measurements. 17. An inverter for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) comprising: (a) means for measuring input DC voltage to the inverter; (b) means for measuring input DC current to the inverter; (c) means for calculating, from the input DC voltage and the input DC current, input power to the inverter; and (d) means for calculating, from the input power to the inverter, solar insolation, E, using the equation: ##EQU3## where E.sub.s =1000 Watts/M.sup.2, solar insolation at standard test conditions, E=Solar insolation during measurement conditions, D=Empirically derived constant specific to the PV module model which is factory determined and stored in a look-up table in microcontroller memory, G=Empirically derived constant specific to the PV module model which is factory determined and stored in a look-up table in microcontroller memory, T.sub.s =Cell temperature at standard test conditions, 25.degree. C., T=Cell temperature during measurement conditions, P.sub.max =Maximum module output power during measurement conditions, and P.sub.max s =Maximum module output power at standard test conditions. 18. The inverter as recited in claim 17 further comprising: (a) means for calculating, from the output AC voltage and the output AC current, output power from the inverter; and (b) means for calculating, from the input power to the inverter and the output power from the inverter, operating efficiency of the inverter. 19. The inverter as recited in claim 17 further comprising: (a) means for calculating, from the output AC voltage and the output AC current, harmonic distortion of an output signal of the inverter. 20. The inverter as recited in claim 17 further comprising: (a) means for determining, from the input DC voltage, the input DC current, the output AC voltage and the output AC current, a maximum power point of the inverter; (b) means for determining, from the input DC voltage and the input DC current, solar insolation; and (c) means for calculating, from the maximum power point and the solar insolation, temperature of a solar cell. 21. An inverter comprising: (a) a first switch to disconnect an output of the inverter from any device connected thereto; (b) a second switch to disconnect and connect an input of the inverter from direct current fed to the inverter; (c) a discharge device to discharge any residual charge on a large capacitor; (e) a voltage sensor to measure input DC voltage to the inverter; (f) a current sensor to measure input DC current to the inverter; and (g) a data recorder to provide a current voltage trace to provide a current-voltage curve tracer. 22. The method as recited in claim 1 wherein the step of operating an inverter for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) further comprises the steps of: (a) calculating, from measured AC voltage, the voltage harmonic distortion. 23. The method as recited in claim 1 wherein the step of operating an inverter for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) further comprises the steps of: (a) operating the inverter at a maximum power point; (b) calculating, from the input DC voltage and the input DC current, input power to the inverter; (c) determining solar insolation, E; and (c) calculating, from the input power to the inverter and the solar insolation, E, the cell temperature, using the equation: ##EQU4## where E.sub.s =1000 Watts/M.sup.2, solar insolation at standard test conditions, E=Solar insolation during measurement conditions, D=Empirically derived constant specific to the PV module model which is factory determined and stored in a look-up table in microcontroller memory, G=Empirically derived constant specific to the PV module model which is factory determined and stored in a look-up table in microcontroller memory, T.sub.s =Cell temperature at standard test conditions, 25.degree. C., T=Cell temperature during measurement conditions, P.sub.max =Maximum module output power during measurement conditions, and P.sub.max s =Maximum module output power at standard test conditions. 24. A method for measuring parameters of a photovoltaic power system comprising the step of: operating an inverter for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) comprising the steps of: (a) measuring input DC voltage to the inverter; (b) measuring input DC current to the inverter; (c) measuring output AC voltage from the inverter; (d) measuring output AC current from the inverter; (e) determining, from the input DC voltage, the input DC current, output AC voltage and the output AC current, input power and output power from the inverter; and (f) determining, from the input power to the inverter and the output power from the inverter, operating efficiency of the inverter. 25. The method as recited in claim 24 wherein the step of operating an inverter for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) further comprises the steps of: (a) calculating, from the output AC current, harmonic distortion of an output signal of the inverter. 26. The method as recited in claim 24 wherein the step of operating an inverter for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) further comprises the steps of: (a) calculating, from the measured AC voltage, harmonic distortion of the AC voltage. 