A method for manufacturing a solar cell module including a photovoltaic cell between a surface covering material and a back-surface covering material is disclosed that includes the steps of sequentially laminating a member elastically deformable in the direction of the thickness and a member having a flexural rigidity on the surface covering material and/or the back-surface covering material, and providing an external pressure to the member having the flexural rigidity to cover the photovoltaic cell with the surface covering material and the back-surface covering material. According to the above-described manufacturing method, by providing the member elastically deformable in the direction of the thickness, it is possible to prevent deformation and breakage of the photovoltaic cell and rupture of the covering materials. Furthermore, by utilizing a property such that hardness changes in accordance with an amount of deformation, possesed by the member which is deformed in the direction of the thickness, foaming of a foamed member can be homogenized. In addition, since the pressure is provided via the member having the flexural rigidity, the surfaces of the covering materials of the solar cell module are not deformed more than the amount of deformation of the member which is elastically deformed in the direction of the thickness. As a result, large undulation does not occur in the solar cell module.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for manufacturing a solar cell module providing a photovoltaic cell between a surface covering material and a back-surface covering material, said method comprising the steps of: sequentially laminating a member elastically deformable in the direction of the thickness and a member having a flexural rigidity, on at least one of the surface covering material or the back-surface covering material; and providing an external pressure to the member having the flexural rigidity to cover the photovoltaic cell with the surface covering material and the back-surface covering material. 2. A method according to claim 1, wherein a reinforcing plate or a back-surface film is disposed at the backmost surface of the back-surface covering material, wherein an unfoamed member including a resin and a foamed member is disposed between the reinforcing plate or the back-surface film and the photovoltaic cell, and wherein the unfoamed member is foamed by softening the resin by being simultaneously heated in said pressure providing process. 3. A method according to claim 1, wherein means for providing the pressure is vacuum pressurization. 4. A method according to claim 1, wherein a relationship of A.gtoreq.B holds, where A is a compressive hardness of the member elastically deformable in the direction of the thickness provided outside the surface covering material, and B is a compressive hardness of the member elastically deformable in the direction of the thickness provided outside the back-surface covering material. 5. A method according to claim 1, wherein a woven fabric or a nonwoven fabric is provided within at least one of the back-surface covering material or the surface-covering material. 6. A method according to claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic cell includes a noncrystalline semiconductor. 7. A method for manufacturing a solar cell module comprising the steps of: laminating a member elastically deformable in the direction of the thickness, a back-surface covering material, a photovoltaic cell, a surface covering material, a member elastically deformable in the direction of the thickness, and a member having a flexural rigidity on a plate of a vacuum laminator, in this sequence to form a solar cell structure; mounting a flexible lid member on the structure; evacuating a space between the plate and the lid member to form a vacuum; and heating the structure. 8. A method according to claim 7, wherein a reinforcing plate or a back-surface film is provided at the backmost surface of the back-surface covering material, wherein an unfoamed member including a resin and a foamed member is provided between the reinforcing plate or the back-surface film and the photovoltaic cell, and wherein the unfoamed member is foamed by softening the resin by being simultaneously heated in a pressure providing process. 9. A method according to claim 7, wherein a relationship of A.gtoreq.B holds, where A is a compressive hardness of the member elastically deformable in the direction of the thickness provided outside the surface covering material, and B is a compressive hardness of the member elastically deformable in the direction of the thickness provided outside the back-surface covering material. 10. A method according to claim 7, wherein a woven fabric or a nonwoven fabric is provided within at least one of the back-surface covering material or the surface-covering material. 11. A method according to claim 7, wherein the photovoltaic cell includes a noncrystalline semiconductor. 