Audio apparatus comprises a base unit including circuitry for generating electrical signals representing sounds and at least one earphone adapted to receive the electrical signals and to reproduce sounds represented by the signals, in which the apparatus is provided externally with a terminal arranged so that it can be positioned in use in contact with or in close proximity to the surface of the user's body. The circuitry is arranged to supply to the terminal signals which are transmitted through the user's body, the or each earphone is provided with a terminal arranged so that it can be positioned in use in contact with or in close proximity to the surface of the user's body so as to receive signals transmitted from the terminal through the user's body, and the or each earphone includes receiving circuitry arranged to receive the signals. The earphones may be embodied in a pair of spectacles, and may be adjustable between a first position behind the ear and a second position in or more adjacent the ear.
Claims I claim: 1. A method for producing sound, comprising the steps of: providing a base unit having a signal output portion adapted to be positioned in use in contact with or in close proximity to the surface of a user's body, and a reception unit for mounting adjacent the user's ear(s), locating the signal output portion in contact with or in close proximity to the surface of the user's body, applying a radio-frequency signal, modulated with an audio signal, to the signal output portion of the base unit, transmitting the radio-frequency signal from the signal output portion into the user's body, locating the reception unit in contact with or in close proximity to the user's head, receiving the radio-frequency signal from the base unit at the reception unit after transmission substantially solely through the user's body, demodulating the received signal with the reception unit to extract the audio signal therefrom, and generating sound adjacent the user's ear(s) from the audio signal. 2. An apparatus for producing sound, said apparatus comprising: a base unit including: a signal output portion adapted to be positioned in contact with or in close proximity to the surface of a user's body; means for modulating a radio-frequency signal with an audio signal; and means for transmitting the radio-frequency signal substantially solely through the user's body via the signal output portion to a reception unit; and the reception unit including: receiving means to be placed in contact with or in close proximity to the user's head for receiving the radio-frequency signal transmitted through the user's body, means connected to the receiving means for demodulating the received signal to extract the audio signal therefrom, and an electrical-to-audio transducer connected to the demodulating means for generating sound from the audio signal. 3. The apparatus for producing sound according to claim 2, in which the signal output portion is provided on a housing of the base unit. 4. The apparatus for producing sound according to claim 2, in which the reception unit comprises an earphone. 5. The apparatus for producing sound according to claim 2, wherein the reception unit includes left and right earphones, and in which the circuitry in the base unit is arranged to transmit left and right stereo signals suitably encoded for reception by the left and right earphones. 6. The apparatus for producing sound according to claim 5, in which each earphone includes a separate power storage device to power the earphone. 7. The apparatus for producing sound according to claim 6, in which the power storage device comprises a battery or a capacitor. 8. The apparatus for producing sound according to claim 6, in which the power storage device comprises a solar cell. 9. Apparatus for producing sound according to claim 8, in which the base unit includes means for recharging the power storage device. 10. Apparatus for producing sound according to claim 9, in which the base unit has means for stowing the or each earphone when not in use, and in which the stowing means includes electrical connectors for connecting the power storage device to the recharging means. 11. The apparatus for producing sound according to claim 7, in which the base unit includes means for recharging the power storage device. 12. The apparatus for producing sound according to claim 11, in which the base unit has means for stowing each earphone when not in use and in which the stowing means includes electrical connectors for connecting the power storage device to the recharging means. 13. The apparatus for producing sound according to claim 12, in which each earphone has a casing comprising electrically conductive material which acts as an earphone terminal. 14. The apparatus for producing sound according to claim 2, in which the base unit is provided with a clip for releasable attachment to the user's clothing, and the signal output portion is formed by the clip. 15. The apparatus for producing sound according to claim 2, in which the base unit is adapted to be attached to a personal stereo apparatus or other apparatus as a source of signals, the base unit including circuitry adapted to receive signals from circuitry of the signal source apparatus. 16. The apparatus for producing sound according to claim 2, in which the base unit is adapted for installation in a vehicle, and means are provided to connect the base unit to the vehicle whereby a part thereof is in contact with or is proximate the user's body and forms the signal output portion. 17. The apparatus for producing sound according to claim 2, in which the base unit is a mobile telephone. 18. Apparatus for producing sound according to claim 2, in which the reception unit includes a switch to turn off reception unit circuitry or place the circuitry in a quiescent state when the reception unit is not in use. 19. Apparatus for producing sound according to claim 2, in which the base unit includes a tape player, and/or a CD player, and/or a radio receiver. 20. Apparatus for producing sound according to claim 2, in which the reception unit includes means for transmitting signals substantially solely through the user's body to the base unit. 21. Apparatus for producing sound according to claim 20, in which the reception unit is provided with a microphone to transmit audio signals substantially solely through the user's body to the base unit. 22. Apparatus for producing sound according to claim 20, in which the reception unit is adapted to transmit control signals substantially solely through the user's body to the base unit. 23. An apparatus for producing sound, said apparatus comprising: a base unit including: a signal output portion adapted to be positioned in contact with or in close proximity to the surface of a user's body; means for applying a radio-frequency signal, modulated with an audio signal, to the signal output portion for transmission substantially solely through the user's body to a reception unit via the signal output portion; and the reception unit comprising at least one earphone, said earphone including: a casing; a terminal fixed to the casing so that when the earphone is worn the terminal is in contact with or in close proximity to the user's skin; receiving circuitry adapted to receive the radio-frequency signals from the base unit via the terminal; means connected to the receiving means for demodulating the received signal to extract the audio signal therefrom; a transducer connected to the demodulating means for generating sound from the audio signal; and a battery to power said earphone. 24. An apparatus for producing sound according to claim 23, wherein said reception unit includes a second earphone, separate and unconnected to the first earphone, for insertion into a second ear of the user's body. 25. An apparatus for producing sound according to claim 23, wherein said signal output portion comprises an antenna in a driver's seat of a vehicle. 26. An apparatus for producing sound according to claim 23, wherein said signal output portion comprises an antenna mounted in a clip of said base unit. 27. An apparatus for producing sound according to claim 23, wherein said base unit includes an adaptor for modifying a personal stereo device, said personal stereo device comprising said means for modulating a radio-frequency signal with an audio signal of said base unit, and said signal output portion comprising a conductive inwardly Lacing surface of a belt supporting said adapter and a pouch containing said personal stereo device. 