A communication network includes multiple mini-hub terminals for transmitting and receiving information from multiple remote terminals. Some of the multiple mini-hub terminals, and some of the multiple remote terminals are capable of wireless communication respectively with each other through satellite communication means. A co-located terminal is hard wire connected with at least some of the mini-hub terminals. At least some of the terminals includes a flat antenna comprising a ground plane and a substrate forming at least one in flat array antenna mounted relative to the ground plane. The flat array antenna has multiple spaced dipoles formed on the substrate to constitute the array, and a transmission line formed on the substrate connecting the spaced dipoles. The transmission line is for connection with a link to a terminal with which communication is to be affected by signals through the antenna. A mobile antenna has beam steering lenses for forcing the signal. Also provided are sensors located on power transmission lines, the sensor being capable of measuring travelling waves on the lines, and communicating via an array antennal through a satellite at KU, KA-band or L-band frequencies, characteristics of the travelling wave thereby to facilitate fault location on the transmission lines.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A communications system, comprising: (a) a hub terminal; (b) multiple remote terminals; (c) means for communication between the hub and remote terminals, including at least one satellite repeater, wherein the hub terminal communicates with the remote terminal through satellite repeater; (d) means for polling the remote terminals to initiate responses from the terminals in a particular polling sequence; (e) means for transmission of notifications, independent of the polling sequence; means for monitoring a signal-to-noise ratio of a signal transmitted from the hub terminal to the remote terminal; and means for limiting a change in the signal-to-noise ratio by activating additional multiplexing at the transmission means. 2. The communication system of claim 1, further comprising a power source, the power source being selected from a group comprising a solar array panel and induction coil interaction with power supply lines. 3. The communication system of claim 1, further comprising means, coupled to the hub terminal, for decoding signals from the multiple remote terminals substantially simultaneously. 4. The communication system of claim 1, further comprising a power source, the power source being selected from a group comprising a solar array panel and induction coil interaction with power supply lines. 5. A communications system, comprising: (a) a hub terminal; (b) multiple remote terminals; (c) means for communication between the hub and remote terminals, including at least one satellite repeater, wherein the hub terminal communicates with the remote terminal through satellite repeater; (d) means for polling the remote terminals to initiate responses from the terminals in a particular polling sequence; (e) means for transmission of notifications, independent of the polling sequence; and means for activating additional multiplexing within the transmission means through block addressing control of periodic transmissions from the hub terminal to the remote terminal. 6. The communication system of claim 5, further comprising means, coupled to the hub terminal, for decoding signals from the multiple remote terminals substantially simultaneously. 