A solar collector tracking system that has a solar collection device having multiple lens assemblies mounted on its front surface. An exoskeleton structure is secured to the rear surface of the solar collection device and it is pivotally secured about a horizontal axis to the front end of an azimuth platform assembly. A hydraulic elevation actuator is pivotally mounted in the azimuth platform assembly about a horizontal axis and the front end of its piston rod is pivotally connected to the rear surface of the solar collection device and this allows it to be pivoted approximately 90 degrees between a vertical operating position and a horizontal storage position. The azimuth platform assembly is journaled on the top end of a tower extending up from the ground. A tubular post is rigidly secured to the top end of the post. A drive head extends horizontally from the tubular post and it has a pivot pin that extends upwardly therefrom. A primary and a secondary azimuth hydraulic actuator have the front ends of their respective piston rods coupled to the pivot pin. The opposite ends of the azimuth hydraulic actuators are pivotally secured to the interior of the azimuth platform assembly. A hydraulic power unit is connected to the respective hydraulic actuators. An electronic controller monitors signals from an azimuth encoder sensor and an elevation encoder sensor and it directs the respective hydraulic actuators to move their respective piston rods inwardly and outwardly so that the solar collection device can be rotated to track the rays of the sun.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar collector tracking system comprising: an elongated vertically oriented tower having a vertically oriented Z-axis, a top end and a bottom end; a tower cap rigidly secured to said top end of said tower; a horizontally oriented azimuth platform assembly formed by a front structural beam, a rear structural beam, a left side structural beam and a right side structural beam; said respective structural beams define a major frame having an open central chamber for housing structural members used to rotate said azimuth platform assembly about said vertical Z-axis; an elongated drive head having a top surface, a bottom surface, an inner end and an outer end; a tubular post is rigidly secured to said bottom surface of said drive head adjacent said inner end; said tubular post being rigidly connected to said tower cap; a rigid pivot pin having a vertical X-axis extends upwardly from said top surface of said drive head adjacent said outer end; a horizontally oriented primary azimuth hydraulic actuator having a front end, a rear end, and a primary piston rod having a front end; a connecting link is rigidly secured to said front end of said primary piston rod and said connecting link is journaled on said pivot pin that is located adjacent said outer end of said drive head; said rear end of said primary azimuth hydraulic actuator being pivotally secured to the interior of said major frame about a vertically oriented S-axis; a horizontally oriented secondary azimuth hydraulic actuator having a front end, a rear end, and a secondary piston rod having a front end; a bifurcated coupling is rigidly secured to said front end of said secondary piston rod and said bifurcated coupling is pivotally secured to a vertically oriented pin passing through said connecting link, said pin having a vertical y-axis that is laterally spaced from said X-axis of said pivotal pin; said rear end of said secondary azimuth hydraulic actuator being pivotally secured to the interior of said major frame about a vertically oriented T-axis; means journaling said azimuth platform assembly on said top end of said tower; at least one solar collection device having a front surface and a rear surface; means pivotally securing said solar collection device to said front end of said azimuth platform assembly so that said solar collection device can be pivoted about a horizontal axis from a vertical operating position to a horizontal storage position; said means comprising a hydraulic activator having a front end, a rear end and a piston rod; a bracket is mounted on the front end of said piston rod and said bracket is pivotally secured to said rear surface of said collection device; said front end of said elevation actuator is pivotally mounted in said azimuth platform assembly. 2. A solar collector tracking system as recited in claim 1 further comprising an elongated encoder support arm having a predetermined length, a front end and a rear end; said rear end is rigidly secured to the top end of said pivot pin extending upwardly from said top surface of said drive head; an encoder is mounted in said front end of said support arm and it is axially aligned with said Z-axis of said tower. 3. A solar collector tracking system as recited in claim 2 wherein said encoder has a shaft extending upwardly from the front end of said encoder support arm and further comprising an elongated drag link member having a front end and a rear end; said rear end being secured to said azimuth platform assembly and said front end supporting said encoder shaft. 4. A solar collector tracking system as recited in claim 2 further comprising a hydraulic power unit having a supply manifold and means connecting said primary azimuth actuator, said secondary azimuth actuator and said elevation actuator to said supply manifold of hydraulic power unit. 5. A solar collector tracking system as recited in claim 4 further comprising an accumulator in said hydraulic power unit connected to said supply manifold. 6. A solar collector tracking system as recited in claim 4 further comprising an electronic controller connected to said hydraulic power unit to determine which actuator to extend and which actuator to retract; said electronic controller being capable of monitoring said encoder so that it knows precisely the angle of said azimuth platform assembly. 7. A solar collector tracking system comprising: an elongated vertically oriented tower having a vertically oriented Z-axis, a top end and a bottom end; a horizontally oriented azimuth platform assembly having a front end and having an open central chamber for housing hydraulic actuators used to rotate said azimuth platform assembly about said vertical Z-axis; an elongated drive head having a top surface, a bottom surface, an inner end and an outer end; a tubular post is rigidly secured to said bottom surface of said drive head adjacent said inner end; said tubular post being rigidly connected to said top end of said vertically oriented tower; a rigid pivot pin having a vertical X-axis extends upwardly from said top surface of said drive head adjacent said outer end; a horizontally oriented primary azimuth hydraulic actuator having a front end, a rear end, and a primary piston rod having a front end; a connecting link is rigidly secured to said front end of said primary piston rod and said connecting link is journaled on said pivot pin that is located adjacent said outer end of said drive head; said rear end of said primary azimuth hydraulic actuator being pivotally secured in said open central chamber of said azimuth platform assembly about a vertically oriented S-axis; a horizontally oriented secondary azimuth hydraulic actuator having a front end, a rear end, and a secondary piston rod having a front end; a coupling is rigidly secured to said front end of said secondary piston rod and said bifurcated coupling is pivotally secured to a vertically oriented pin passing through said connecting link, said pin having a vertical Y-axis that is laterally spaced from said X-axis of said pivotal pin; said rear end of said secondary azimuth hydraulic actuator being pivotally secured in said open central chamber of said azimuth platform assembly about a vertically oriented T-axis; means journaling said azimuth platform assembly to said top end of said tower; at least one solar collection device having a front surface and a rear surface; means pivotally securing said solar collection device to said front end of said azimuth platform assembly so that said solar collection device can be pivoted about a horizontal axis from a vertical operating position to a horizontal storage position; said means comprising a hydraulic activator having a front end, a rear end and a piston rod; the front end of said piston rod is pivotally connected to said rear surface of said solar collection device; said front end of said elevation actuator is pivotally connected to said azimuth platform assembly. 8. A solar collector tracking system as recited in claim 7 further comprising an elongated encoder support arm having a predetermined length, a front end and a rear end; said rear end is rigidly secured to the top end of said pivot pin extending upwardly from said top surface of said drive head; an encoder is connected to said front end of said support arm and it is axially aligned with said Z-axis of said tower. 9. A solar collector tracking system as recited in claim 8 wherein said encoder has a flexible shaft extending downwardly to said front end of said encoder support arm and further comprising said encoder being secured to a top plate of said azimuth platform assembly. 10. A solar collector tracking system as recited in claim 7 further comprising a hydraulic power unit having a supply manifold and means connecting said primary azimuth actuator, said secondary azimuth actuator and said elevation actuator to the supply manifold of said hydraulic power unit. 11. A solar collector tracking system as recited in claim 10 further comprising an accumulator in said hydraulic power unit connected to said supply manifold. 12. A solar collector tracking system as recited in claim 10 further comprising an electronic controller connected to said hydraulic power unit to determine which actuator to extend and which actuator to retract; said electronic controller being capable of monitoring said encoder so that it knows precisely the angle of said azimuth platform assembly. 13. A solar collector tracking system as recited in claim 7 wherein said tubular post and said drive head are formed as an integral member. 