Electrochromic device and method. In one disclosed embodiment, an electrochromic coating is applied to a light transmissive substrate, and a first control voltage is generated in accordance with the amount of light impinging upon the substrate. That control voltage is applied to the electrochromic coating to decrease the transmittance of the substrate as the light increases. Ambient light conditions are monitored to provide a second control voltage which is applied to the electrochromic coating to decrease the transmittance of the substrate when the ambient light falls below a predetermined level, e.g. at night. In other disclosed embodiments, the electrochromic coating is applied to the lenses of a pair of glasses and to a lamp shade, with photovoltaic cells for controlling the transmittance of the coating in accordance with the amount of impinging light.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electrochromic device, comprising a light transmissive substrate, an electrochromic coating on the substrate for varying the transmittance of the substrate in accordance with an applied voltage, a photovoltaic cell for applying a first control voltage to the electrochromic coating in response to light impinging upon the cell so that the transmittance of the substrate decreases as the light becomes brighter, and means responsive to ambient light conditions for applying a second control voltage to the electrochromic coating to reduce the transmittance of the substrate when the ambient light falls below a predetermined level. 2. The electrochromic device of claim 1 wherein the means for applying the second control voltage comprises a photocell for monitoring the ambient light, a power source, and means responsive to the photocell for connecting the power source to the coating. 3. An electrochromic device, comprising a light bulb, a lamp shade having a light transmissive panel disposed in proximity to the light bulb, an electrochromic coating on the panel for controlling the transmittance of the panel in accordance with a control voltage applied to the coating, and a photovoltaic cell responsive to light from the bulb for applying a control voltage to the coating to decrease the transmittance of the panel when the bulb is turned on. 4. A method of controlling light transmittance, comprising the steps of: applying an electrochromic coating to a light transmissive substrate, providing a first control voltage corresponding to the amount of light impinging upon the substrate, applying the first control voltage to the electrochromic coating to decrease the transmittance of the substrate as the light increases, monitoring ambient light conditions, and applying a second control voltage to the electrochromic coating to decrease the transmittance of the substrate when the ambient light falls below a predetermined level. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein the ambient light conditions are monitored with a photocell, and the second control voltage is applied to the electrochromic coating from a power source in response to a signal from the photocell. 6. An electrochromic device, comprising a light bulb, a lamp shade having a light transmissive panel disposed in proximity to the light bulb, an electrochromic coating on the panel for controlling the transmittance of the panel in accordance with a control voltage applied to the coating, and means responsive to light from the bulb for applying a control voltage to the coating to decrease the transmittance of the panel when the bulb is turned on. 