A control apparatus, for measuring pressure in relation to a rotary screw compressor with capacity control means and a prime mover, including a pressure sensor to monitor the prime mover manifold pressure, and a series of relays which when tripped by the pressure sensor will engage a pressure mechanism to engage the capacity control means on the compressor. The pressure mechanism may be a hydraulic or a pneumatic pressure mechanism and the apparatus may further include a second pressure sensor to monitor the inlet gas pressure to the compressor and a third pressure sensor to monitor discharge pressure of the gas compressor.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A control apparatus for measuring pressure in relation to a rotary screw compressor with capacity control means and a prime mover comprising: a pressure sensor to monitor the prime mover manifold pressure; and a series of relays which when tripled by the pressure sensor will engage a pressure mechanism to engage the capacity control means on the compressor, wherein the pressure mechanism is selected from the group consisting of a hydraulic and a pneumatic pressure mechanism; and wherein the pressure sensor has at least two signals each capable of providing a signal to a control means to engage a pressure mechanism to move the capacity control means on the compressor and wherein the pressure mechanism is selected from the group consisting of a hydraulic and a pneumatic pressure mechanism. 2. A control apparatus for measuring pressure in relation to a rotary screw compressor with capacity control means and a prime mover comprising: a pressure sensor to monitor the prime mover manifold pressure; and a series of relays which when tripped by the pressure sensor will engage a pressure mechanism to engage the capacity control means on the compressor, wherein the pressure mechanism is selected from the group consisting of a hydraulic and a pneumatic pressure mechanism; and as the series of relays, two sets of contact points normally in the open position and capable of closing magnetically when a signal is received from a sensor; a solenoid valve to move the capacity control means; a timer for shutting off the supply of electrical power to the control apparatus; and a power supply. 3. The control apparatus of claim 2, wherein the power supply is selected from the group comprising: a standard automotive battery, a deep cycle battery, solar power, or the commercial electrical grid. 4. A control apparatus for measuring pressure in relation to a rotary screw compressor with capacity control means and a prime mover comprising: a pressure sensor to monitor the prime mover manifold pressure; and a series of relays which when tripped by the pressure sensor will engage a pressure mechanism to engage the capacity control means on the compressor, wherein the pressure mechanism is selected from the group consisting of a hydraulic and a pneumatic pressure mechanism; and a second pressure sensor to monitor the inlet gas pressure to the compressor; a two pole double throw switch connected to each of said sensors; as the series of relays, two sets of contact points normally in the open position and capable of closing magnetically when a signal is received from a sensor connected via the two pole double throw switch; a solenoid valve to move the capacity control means; a timer for shutting off the supply of electrical power to the control apparatus; and a power supply. 5. The control apparatus of claim 4, wherein the power supply is selected from the group comprising: a standard automotive battery, a deep cycle battery, solar power, or the commercial electrical grid. 6. A control apparatus for measuring pressure in relation to a rotary screw compressor with capacity control means and a prime mover comprising: a first pressure sensor to monitor the prime mover manifold pressure; and a series of relays which when tripped by the pressure sensor will engage a pressure mechanism to engage the capacity control means on the compressor, wherein the pressure mechanism is selected from the group consisting of a hydraulic and a pneumatic pressure mechanism; a second pressure sensor to monitor the inlet gas pressure to the compressor; and a third pressure sensor to monitor discharge pressure of the gas compressor. 7. A control apparatus for measuring pressure in relation to a rotary screw compressor with capacity control means and a prime mover comprising: a first pressure sensor to monitor the prime mover manifold pressure; and a series of relays which when tripped by the pressure sensor will engage a pressure mechanism to engage the capacity control means on the compressor, wherein the pressure mechanism is selected from the group consisting of a hydraulic and a pneumatic pressure mechanism; wherein said capacity control means is selected from the group consisting of: a moveable slide valve run by a hydraulic actuator controlled by a solenoid valve; a poppet valve, and a herring bone unloader; and wherein said prime mover is selected from the group comprising: a natural gas engine, a steam engine, a diesel engine, an electric motor, a gas turbine, a windmill or other power source. 8. The control apparatus of claim 7, further comprising a second pressure sensor to monitor the inlet gas pressure to the compressor. 9. The control apparatus of claim 7, further comprising a third pressure sensor to monitor discharge pressure of the gas compressor. 