Energy supplying system in which effective use of waste heat from a solar power generator and an engine power generator. Electric power generated by an SLCS (sunlight cogeneration system) 1 and an EGCS (engine cogeneration system) 2 is supplied to a power consuming apparatus while its relevant waste or exhausted heat is transferred to a heat consuming apparatus 3. The power generated by the SLCS 1 varies depending on the local climate and is monitored with a power meter 6 or a power monitor apparatus 7. When the power from the SLCS 1 is declined, it is compensated by increasing the power output of the EGCS 2. Since the total power generated by the SLCS 1 and the EGCS 2 is maintained constant and the total waste heat released from the SLCS1 and the EGCS 2 is relatively stable, the heat consuming apparatus 3 as well as an power consuming apparatus 5 are steadily energized.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An energy supplying system comprising: a solar power generator including generator cells and means for converging the sunlight on the generator cells; first cooling means for cooling the generator cells to recover a first exhausted heat therefrom; a fuel power generator driven by an engine supplied with a fuel; second cooling means for cooling the engine to recover a second exhausted heat therefrom; means for transferring the first and the second exhausted heat thus recovered to an absorption type air conditioner in which the cooling water is forced to run through a regenerator for heating up and regenerating an absorbent solution; power monitor means for monitoring a total sum of power generated by the solar power generator and the fuel power generator; and a controller for controlling the power generated by the fuel power generator so as to maintain the total sum power equal to a predetermined target value so that a variation in the power output of the solar power generator is substantially offset. 2. An energy supplying system according to claim 1, wherein the first cooling means using a cooling water for cooling the generator cells, further comprising a light converging and heating means for converging the sunlight and for heating the exhausted water supplied from the first cooling means with the converged sunlight; the second cooling means using a cooling water for cooling the engine; and the means transferring the exhausted heat recovered being a conduit for conveying the cooling water discharged from the light converging and heating means and the second cooling means to the heat consuming apparatus. 3. An energy supplying system according to claim 2, wherein the cooling water discharged from the second cooling means is further heated with exhaust gas from the engine before being transferred to the conduit. 4. An energy supplying system according to claim 1, wherein the power generated by at least one of the solar power generator and the fuel power generator is used as an electric power for the operation of the waste heat consuming apparatus. 5. An energy supplying system according to claim 1, further comprising a compressor for declining the pressure in the regenerator to lower the operating temperature of the regenerator. 6. An energy supplying system comprising: a solar power generator including generator cells and means for converging the sunlight on the generator cells; first cooling means for cooling the generator cells to recover a first exhausted heat therefrom; a fuel power generator driven by an engine supplied iwth a fuel; second cooling means for cooling the engine to recover a second exhausted heat therefrom; means for transferring the first and the second exhausted heat thus recovered to a waste heat consuming appartus; solar power monitor means for monitoring a varation in the power output of the solar power generator; a controller for controlling the fuel power generator to var its power output so that the varation in the power output of the solar power generator is substantially offset; fuel power generator monitoring means for monitoring the power output of the fuel power generator and wherein the controller is arranged so that the operation of the fuel power generator is controlled to maintain its power output equal to a predetermined target value and includes a target value setting means for modifying the target value by an amount which is substantially equal to the variation in the power output of the solar power generator. 7. An energy supplying system according to claim 6, further comprising a compressor for declining the pressure in the regenerator to lower the operating temperature of the regenerator. 