A method of applying at least one of a stimulus and a warning signal to an animal includes selecting a maximum desired distance between the animal and a transmitter, transmitting a radio frequency signal from the transmitter at a first point in time, and receiving the radio frequency signal with a receiver attached to the animal. An ultrasonic frequency signal is transmitted from the transmitter at a second point in time. A first time difference between the second point in time and the first point in time varies inversely with the selected maximum desired distance. The ultrasonic frequency signal is received with the receiver at a third point in time. A second time difference between the third point in time and the first point in time is calculated. It is determined whether the animal is beyond the maximum desired distance from the transmitter by comparing the second time difference with at least one threshold time difference. A stimulus and/or a warning signal is selectively applied to the animal dependent upon the determining step.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of applying at least one of a stimulus and a warning signal to an animal, said method comprising the steps of: selecting a distance value between the animal and a transmitter; transmitting a radio frequency signal from said transmitter at a first point in time; receiving, at a time substantially equal to said first point in time, said radio frequency signal with a receiver attached to the animal; transmitting an ultrasonic frequency signal from said transmitter at a second point in time, a first time difference between said second point in time and said first point in time varying inversely with said selected distance value; receiving said ultrasonic frequency signal with said receiver at a third point in time; calculating a second time difference between said third point in time and said first point in time; determining whether the animal is beyond the distance value from said transmitter by comparing said second time difference with at least one threshold time difference; and selectively applying said at least one of a stimulus and a warning signal to the animal dependent upon said determining step. 2. The method of claim 1, comprising the further step of establishing said first time difference by subtracting an expected propagation time from said threshold time difference, wherein said expected propagation time is defined as a time required for said ultrasonic frequency signal to travel said distance value. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein said threshold time difference is constant and is independent of said selected distance value. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein said at least one threshold time difference comprises at least a first threshold time difference and a second threshold time difference, said selectively applying step including applying the warning signal to the animal if said second time difference exceeds said first threshold time difference, and applying the stimulus to the animal if said second time difference exceeds said second threshold time difference. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein each of said radio frequency signal and said ultrasonic frequency signal are substantially omnidirectional. 6. The method of claim 5, comprising the further steps of: attaching said transmitter to an upper end of a substantially vertical elongate element; and mounting a lower end of said elongate element into a ground surface. 7. The method of claim 6, comprising the further step of providing said transmitter with a substantially horizontally facing disperser. 8. The method of claim 6, wherein said transmitting steps include reflecting at least one of said radio frequency signal and said ultrasonic frequency signal off of the ground surface toward said receiver. 9. The method of claim 8, comprising the further steps of: providing said transmitter with a downward facing disperser; and providing said receiver with: a housing; and at least one disperser disposed in at least one of A side and a bottom of said housing. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein said radio frequency signal includes an identification code corresponding to said transmitter. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein a frequency of said ultrasonic frequency signal is ramped from a first frequency value at a beginning of said ultrasonic frequency signal to a second frequency value at an end of said ultrasonic frequency signal, said step of receiving said ultrasonic frequency signal including recognizing said ramping of said frequency of said ultrasonic frequency signal to thereby identify said ultrasonic frequency signal. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein each said transmitting step is cyclically repeated. 13. The method of claim 12, comprising the further steps of: comparing frequencies of successively sent ultrasonic frequency signals in order to determine a direction of movement of the animal; and modifying an intensity of at least one of said stimulus and said warning signal dependent upon said direction of movement of the animal. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein two consecutive said second time differences must exceed said threshold time difference before one of said stimulus and said warning signal is applied to the animal. 15. The method of claim 1, comprising the further step of providing said receiver with a solar battery including a solar cell. 16. The method of claim 1, wherein said selected distance value comprises a maximum desired distance. 17. A method of applying at least one of a stimulus and a warning signal to an animal, said method comprising the steps of: transmitting a radio frequency signal from a transmitter at a first point in time; receiving, at a time substantially equal to said first point in time, said radio frequency signal with a receiver attached to the animal; transmitting one of an ultrasonic frequency signal and a sonic frequency signal from said transmitter at a second point in time; receiving said one of an ultrasonic frequency signal and a sonic frequency signal with said receiver at a third point in time; calculating a first time difference between said third point in time and said first point in time; comparing said first time difference with a threshold time difference; and selectively applying said at least one of a stimulus and a warning signal to the animal dependent upon said comparing step. 18. A method of modifying behavior of an animal, said method comprising the steps of: transmitting one of a radio frequency signal and an ultrasonic frequency signal from a transmitter; receiving, at a first point in time, said one of a radio frequency signal and an ultrasonic frequency signal with a receiver attached to the animal; transmitting an other of said radio frequency signal and said ultrasonic frequency signal from said transmitter; receiving said other of said radio frequency signal and said ultrasonic frequency signal with said receiver at a second point in time; calculating with said receiver a time difference between said second point in time and said first point in time; dependent upon said time difference, one of: emitting a warning signal; applying a stimulus to the animal; and taking no action towards the animal. 19. An apparatus for modifying the behavior of an animal, said apparatus comprising: a transmitter configured for transmitting a radio frequency signal and an ultrasonic frequency signal; and a receiver configured for being attached to the animal and receiving said radio frequency signal and said ultrasonic frequency signal from said transmitter, said receiver including means for calculating a time difference between receipt of said radio frequency signal and receipt of said ultrasonic frequency signal to thereby determine a distance between said transmitter and said receiver. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein said receiver includes means for selectively applying at least one of a stimulus and a warning signal to the animal dependent upon said determined distance between said transmitter and said receiver. 