An antimicrobial device which is adaptably affixable to a large variety of commercially available catheters. Preferably, the device employs a pair of metal ion emitting electrodes which are at least partially disposed within an insertion site of the catheter and which are pulsed with alternating potentials to electrolytically elute ions into surrounding tissue to build an antiseptic zone about the insertion site. The device comprises an insertion sleeve and associated jacket which is slidably affixable to the indwelling catheter and a self-contained battery power source and electronics unit. The unit supplies power for the electrolytic action and for electronics which time the period and width of potential signals for the electrolysis. Through alternate elution and deposition of ions back and forth between the electrodes, long term indwelling catheter efficacy is assured. Period activation also increases length of battery life. The electronic unit also has easily seen indicators which signal state of battery power. While this device is usable in most catheter procedures, its use is particularly applicable for long term indwelling catheter applications.
Claims What is claimed and desired to be secured by Letters Patent is: 1. An antimicrobial device which is affixed to an indwelling catheter, said device comprising: a sleeve and jacket assembly comprising an elongated sleeve part with a jacket part securely affixed thereto; said sleeve part comprising a pair of spatially separated electrodes disposed in a predetermined pattern such that, when said sleeve part is at least partially disposed within an electrically conductive medium, ions eluted by electrolysis from one of said electrodes and attracted to the other of said electrodes creates an effective antimicrobial zone of influence within said medium about said electrodes; said jacket part and said sleeve parts of said jacket and sleeve assembly cooperatively comprising a pathway through which the indwelling catheter is slidably disposed; said jacket part further comprising extensions of each of said electrodes and a first electrical connector for communicating electrical power signals with a second electrical connector; and a locking cap assembly comprising a primary power source and a control circuit for applying power in a predetermined sequence and polarity to said electrodes; said locking cap assembly further comprising a fitting, which releasibly but securely affixes said locking cap assembly to said sleeve and jacket assembly and further compressively affixes said sleeve and jacket assembly to the indwelling catheter disposed in said pathway thereby obviating displacement of the indwelling catheter relative to the sleeve and jacket assembly, and the second electrical connector which completes an electrical circuit to said electrodes through said first connector when the locking cap assembly is affixed to said sleeve and jacket assembly. 2. An antimicrobial device according to claim 1 wherein said locking cap assembly comprises a monitor for determining status of said power source. 3. An antimicrobial device according to claim 2 wherein said locking cap assembly comprises video displays for reporting measured electrical status of said device. 4. An antimicrobial device according to claim 2 wherein said locking cap assembly comprises an audio generator for audibly reporting measured electrical status of said device. 5. An antimicrobial device according to claim 1 wherein said locking cap assembly comprises an auxiliary power source for augmenting effective life of said primary power source. 6. An antimicrobial device according to claim 5 wherein said auxiliary power source is a solar cell. 7. An antimicrobial device according to claim 1 wherein said electrodes comprise silver metal. 8. An antimicrobial device according to claim 1 wherein said locking cap assembly further comprises a control circuit for alternating effective polarity of power applied to said electrodes. 9. An antimicrobial device according to claim 1 wherein said control circuits comprise counters and related electronics by which said control circuit is set into a sleep mode and awakened from said sleep mode in a predetermined cycle. 10. An antimicrobial device according to claim 1 wherein said sleeve part further comprises at least one antimicrobial is substance selected from a set of antimicrobial substances comprising chlorhexidine and silver sulfadiazine. 11. An antimicrobial device according to claim 1 wherein said sleeve part further comprises at least one antibiotic substance selected from a set of antibiotic substances comprising minocycline and rifampin. 12. An antimicrobial device according to claim 1 wherein the catheter is a central venous catheter. 13. An antimicrobial device according to claim 1 wherein the catheter is a thermodilution catheter. 14. An antimicrobial device according to claim 1 wherein said locking cap assembly comprises electronic circuits for monitoring battery voltage and current flow through said pair of electrodes and sensible indicators for signaling monitored status. 15. An antimicrobial device according to claim 1 wherein the control circuits comprise low drain integrated circuits which operate intermittently to prolong life of the primary power source. 16. An antimicrobial device for use with an indwelling catheter, said device comprising: a jacket and sleeve subassembly comprising: a sleeve portion comprising a sleeve which is adapted to be slidably disposed about an indwelling catheter which is configured to be displaced through an opening into a predetermined indwelling site within a body cavity, said sleeve portion comprising a pattern of a pair of electrically conductive wires disposed throughout said sleeve such that ions electrolytically displaced from one of the wires toward the other wire forms a guard against transport of biological materials along any portion of said sleeve which is to be disposed within said opening; a jacket portion comprising a jacket for engaging a segment of the catheter for slidable displacement of the catheter within the jacket and sleeve subassembly such that at least a portion of the sleeve is to be disposed within the opening, and which comprises a pair of electrical connections for connecting with a pair of corresponding electrical connections associated with a power source by which ions are electrolytically displaced from the wires; a cap subassembly comprising: a power source and associated electronics for controlling rate and direction of electrolytic displacement of ions from said wires; a mechanical connection by which said cap subassembly is releasibly affixed to said jacket and sleeve subassembly; electronic monitoring circuitry for determining and indicating operational efficacy of said device, said circuitry comprising measuring and determining status of at least voltage of power source and current flow in said wires; and the pair of electrical connections wherethrough said associated electronics communicates with said wires. 17. A method for using an antimicrobial device comprising the following steps: providing a sleeve and jacket assembly comprising a sleeve part and a jacket part; said sleeve part comprising a pair of spatially separated electrodes disposed in a predetermined pattern such that, when said sleeve part is at least partially disposed within an electrically conductive medium, ions eluted by electrolysis from one of said electrodes and attracted to the other of said electrodes creates an effective antimicrobial zone of influence within said medium about said electrodes; said jacket and sleeve assembly cooperatively comprising a pathway through which a catheter is slidably disposed; said jacket part further comprising extensions of each of said electrodes which communicate with a first electrical connector; providing a locking cap assembly comprising a power source and a control circuit for applying power in a predetermined sequence and polarity to said electrodes; said locking cap assembly further comprising a fitting, which releasibly but securely affixes said locking cap assembly to said sleeve and jacket assembly and further compressively affixes said sleeve and jacket assembly to an associated indwelling catheter disposed in said pathway, and a second electrical connector which completes an electrical circuit to said electrodes through said first connector when the locking cap assembly is affixed to said sleeve and jacket assembly; providing an insertable catheter; displacing a predetermined length of the catheter through an opening into a desired indwelling site within a body cavity; slidably affixing said sleeve and jacket assembly about the indwelling catheter and inserting at least a portion of said sleeve through said opening; securely affixing said locking cap assembly to said jacket and sleeve assembly and therethrough to said indwelling catheter to thereby securely affix the indwelling catheter to the sleeve and jacket at the opening; and applying power to said electrodes from said power source to provide an effective antimicrobial zone of influence thereby. 18. A method according to claim 17 comprising the further step of removing said installed antimicrobial device from the opening and from said indwelling catheter and replacing a freshened antimicrobial device comprising at least a fresh jacket and sleeve assembly about said indwelling catheter and into the opening. 19. A method according to claim 17 comprising the further step of removing a previously installed power source and installing a next installed power source. 20. A method according to claim 17 comprising the further step of emitting a detectable signal upon detection, by said control circuits, of an operational anomaly of said device. 21. A method for using an antimicrobial device according to claim 17 comprising the additional steps of: providing suture wings affixed to said jacket and sleeve assembly; and suturing said suture wings in place to secure the catheter relative to the opening. 