A circuit driving an electroluminescent lamp at a frequency at or in the vicinity of the lower threshold of human hearing, thus reducing objectionable noise otherwise generated by such lamps when operated at high frequencies. In an electroluminescent lamp assembly including such driving circuit is described, the electroluminescent lamp is driven at low frequency, but nonetheless provides a high level of illumination output.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electroluminescent lamp operating at a frequency at or below the lower threshold of human hearing, thereby reducing audible acoustic energy otherwise generated by electroluminescent lamp in operation at high frequency, said electroluminescent lamp assembly comprising: an electroluminescent lamp; an integrated circuit driver, arranged for coupling with a power source and with said electroluminescent lamp, and producing an AC output signal for powering said electroluminescent lamp; and an inductor/resistor/capacitor circuit operatively coupled to the integrated circuit driver to operate said electroluminescent lamp in a low noise operational regime in which said AC output signal has a peak to peak AC output voltage of at least about 170 volts and a frequency below 150 Hertz. 2. The electroluminescent lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein the inductor/resistor/capacitor circuit is arranged to produce a peak to peak AC output voltage of from about 170 to about 220 volts. 3. The electroluminescent lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein said AC-driven integrated circuit driver comprises an IMP528 integrated circuit. 4. The electroluminescent lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein said AC-driven integrated circuit driver comprises an IMP803 integrated circuit. 5. The electroluminescent lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein said AC-driven integrated circuit driver comprises an HV-803 integrated circuit. 6. The electroluminescent lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein said inductor/resistor/capacitor circuit comprises a switching oscillator frequency setting resistor. 7. The electroluminescent lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein said inductor/resistor/capacitor circuit is arranged to produce a peak to peak AC output voltage in the range of from about 170 to about 220 volts and a frequency below about 100 Hertz. 8. The electroluminescent lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein said inductor/resistor/capacitor circuit is arranged to produce a peak to peak AC output voltage in the range of from about 170 to about 220 volts and a frequency below about 90 Hertz. 9. The electroluminescent lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein said AC output signal has a peak to peak AC outlet voltage in the range of from about 170 to about 220 volts and a frequency between about 60 and about 100 Hertz. 10. The electroluminescent lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein said AC output signal has a frequency in the range between about 70 and about 90 Hertz. 11. The electroluminescent lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein said AC output signal has a frequency of approximately 60-70 Hertz. 12. The electroluminescent lamp assembly of claim 1, further comprising an associated power source, wherein said power source is selected from the group consisting of AC power supplies, DC power supplies, photovoltaic power supplies, fuel cell power supplies, electrochemical power supplies, and combinations thereof. 13. The electroluminescent lamp assembly of claim 1, further comprising an associated power source comprising a battery power supply. 14. The electroluminescent lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein said integrated circuit driver comprises an integrated circuit chip inverter arranged to drive the electroluminescent lamp at a frequency below 100 Hertz. 15. The electroluminescent lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein said AC output signal has a frequency in the range of from about 60-75 Hertz. 16. The electroluminescent lamp assembly of claim 1, wherein said inductor/resistor/capacitor circuit comprises a flyback inductor providing voltage boosting by inductive flyback. 17. A method of operating an electroluminescent lamp at a frequency at or below the lower threshold of human hearing to reduce audible noise output therefrom, said method comprising: providing an integrated circuit driver assembly including: an integrated circuit driver, arranged for coupling with a power source and with said electroluminescent lamp, and producing an AC output signal for powering said electroluminescent lamp; and an inductor/resistor/capacitor circuit operatively coupled to the integrated circuit driver; and operating the integrated circuit driver assembly in a low noise operational regime in which said AC output signal has a peak to peak AC output voltage of at least about 170 volts and an AC output frequency below 150 Hertz. 18. A method of operating an electroluminescent lamp at a frequency at or below the lower threshold of human hearing for low noise production during illumination operation thereof, said method comprising utilizing an integrated circuit driver that is coupled with a power source and with said electroluminescent lamp, and has an inductor/resistor/capacitor circuit operatively coupled thereto, for generating an AC output signal for powering the electroluminescent lamp, said AC signal having a peak to peak AC output voltage in the range of from about 170 to about 220 volts and an AC output frequency below 150 Hertz. 