An improved process for fabricating photovoltaic charging circuits including the steps of: 1. fabricating a circuit board by conventional techniques with photovoltaic piece mounting pads, islands, and traces suitable for interconnecting photovoltaic pieces in series with a LED and the cells of the rechargeable battery; 2. fabricating a suitable solder screen; 3. using the screen to apply solder dots to the piece mounting pads and the LED mounting pads; 4. using a pick and place machine to automatically place the pieces, conductive side up, onto the piece mounting pads and the LED onto the LED mounting pads; 5. heating the assembly to cause soldering of the rears of the pieces to the piece mounting pads and the LED to the LED mounting pads; and 6. electrically connecting the conductive sides to the islands.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of automatically applying photovoltaic cells to printed circuit boards for use with rechargeable batteries comprising the steps of: a. providing a pick and place machine, a plurality of photovoltaic cell pieces, and a LED; each of said pieces including a conductive side and a rear; b. providing a relatively rigid printed circuit board having a coating which imparts rigidity to the board and fabricating the board with a plurality of piece mounting pads, a plurality of spaced apart islands initially electrically isolated from one another, and which islands are connected to yet separated from said piece mounting pads, at least two LED mounting pads and a plurality of traces; said printed circuit board being designed for interconnecting a plurality of pieces in series with a LED and a connector for connecting to a rechargeable battery; c. fabricating a solder screen designed to apply solder dots to said piece mounting pads and said LED mounting pads; d. using said screen having holes to apply solder dots to said piece mounting pads and said LED mounting pads, said holes being arranged to permit a molten solder to be screened onto the respective piece mounting pads and LED mounting pads and where the solder provides the primary mounting force in absence of an adhesive for holding each piece on the pieces mounting pads and LED on the LED mounting pads; e. using said pick and place machine to automatically place said plurality of pieces, conductive side up, onto said piece mounting pads and said LED on said LED mounting pads; f. heating said assembled printed circuit board, pieces, and LED to cause soldering of said rears of said pieces to said piece mounting pads and said LED to said LED mounting pads and which serve to rigidly hold the cell pieces and LED on the piece mounting pads and LED mounting pads; and g. electrically connecting said conductive sides to said islands. 2. A method of automatically applying photovoltaic cells to printed circuit board for use with rechargeable batteries comprising the steps of: a. providing a plurality of photovoltaic cell pieces and a LED; each of said pieces including a conductive side and a rear; b. providing a relatively rigid printed circuit board having a coating which imparts rigidity to the board and fabricating the board with a plurality of piece mounting pads, a plurality of spaced apart islands initially electrically isolated from one another, and which islands are connected to yet separated from said piece mounting pads, at least two LED mounting pads and a plurality of traces; said printed circuit board being designed for interconnecting a plurality of pieces in series with a LED and a connector for connecting to a rechargeable battery; c. automatically applying solder dots to said piece mounting pad and said LED mounting pads and which serve, in absence of an adhesive, to rigidly hold the cell pieces and LED on the piece mounting pads and LED pads; d. robotically placing said plurality of pieces, conductive side up, onto said piece mounting pads and said LED on said LED mounting pads; e. heating said assembled printed circuit board, pieces, and LED to cause soldering of said rears of said pieces to said piece mounting pads and said LED to said LED mounting pads and where the solder provides the primary mounting force in absence of an adhesive for holding each piece and the LED on the piece mounting pads and LED on the LED mounting pads; and f. electrically connecting said conductive sides to said islands. 3. A method of automatically applying photovoltaic cells to printed circuit boards comprising the steps of: a. providing a pick and place machine, and a plurality of photovoltaic cell pieces; each of said pieces including a conductive side and a rear side; b. providing a relatively rigid printed circuit board having a coating which imparts rigidity to the board and fabricating the board with a plurality of piece mounting pads, a plurality of spaced apart islands initially electrically isolated from one another, and which islands are connected to yet separated from said piece mounting pads, and a plurality of traces; said printed circuit board being designed for interconnecting a plurality of pieces in series; c. fabricating a solder screen having holes designed to solder dots to said piece mounting pads; d. using said screen to apply solder dots to said piece mounting pads and which serve to rigidly hold the cell pieces on the piece mounting pads and where the solder provides the primary mounting force, in absence of an adhesive, for holding each the cell pieces on the pieces mounting pads; e. using said pick and place machine to automatically place said plurality of pieces, conductive side up, onto said piece mounting pads; f. heating said assembled printed circuit board, and pieces to cause soldering of said rear side of said pieces to said piece mounting pads and which serve to rigidly hold the cell pieces on the piece mounting pads; and g. electrically connecting said conductive sides to said islands. 4. A method of automatically applying photovoltaic cells to printed circuit boards comprising the steps of: a. providing a plurality of photovoltaic cell pieces; each of said pieces including a conductive side; b. providing a relatively rigid printed circuit board having a coating which imparts rigidity to the board and fabricating the board with a plurality of piece mounting pads, a plurality of spaced apart islands initially electrically isolated from one another, and which islands are connected to yet separated from said piece mounting pads, and a plurality of traces; said printed circuit board being designed for interconnecting a plurality of pieces in series; c. automatically applying solder dots to said piece mounting pad which serve to rigidly hold the cell pieces on the piece mounting pads; d. robotically placing said plurality of pieces, conductive side up, onto said piece mounting pads; e. heating said assembled printed circuit board, pieces to cause soldering of said pieces mounting pads and which serve to rigidly hold the cell pieces on the piece mounting pads and where the solder provides the primary mounting force, in absence of an adhesive, for holding each the cell pieces on the pieces mounting pads; and f. electrically connecting said conductive sides to said islands. 5. A method of fabricating a solar and electrical rechargeable battery comprising the steps of: a. providing a pick and place machine, a plurality of photovoltaic cell pieces, a rechargeable battery cell, a LED, a charging contact and a battery case, each of said pieces including a conductive side and a rear, said case having an inside and an outside and a slot adapted to receive said charging contact; said charging contact designed to charge said battery cell of a battery with electrical power when said battery is inserted in its charging cradle and to charge said battery cell by solar power, if possible, when said battery is not inserted in its charging cradle; b. creating a solar charging circuit by the steps of: i. providing a relatively rigid printed circuit board having a coating which imparts rigidity to the board and fabricating the board with a plurality of piece mounting pads, a plurality of spaced apart islands initially electrically isolated from one another, and which islands are connected to yet separated from said piece mounting pads, at least two LED mounting pads and a plurality of traces; said printed circuit board being designed for interconnecting a plurality of pieces in series with a LED and said rechargeable battery cell; ii. fabricating a solder screen having holes designed to apply solder dots to said piece mounting pads and said LED mounting pads; iii. using said screen to apply solder dots to said piece mounting pads and said LED mounting pads, said holes being arranged to permit a molten solder to be screened onto the respective piece mounting pads and LED mounting pads; iv. using said pick and place machine to automatically place said plurality of pieces, conductive side up, onto said piece mounting pads and said LED on said LED mounting pads; v. heating said assembled printed circuit board, pieces, and LED to cause soldering of said rears of said pieces to said piece mounting pads and said LED to said LED mounting pads and which serve to rigidly hold the cell pieces and LED on the piece mounting pads and LED mounting pads and where the solder provides the primary mounting force, in absence of an adhesive, for holding each piece and the LED on the pieces mounting pads and LED on the LED mounting pads; and vi. electrically connecting said conductive sides to said islands; c. attaching said charging circuit contact associated with a charging circuit to said case, said case being adapted to receive said charging circuit on its outside; d. electrically connecting said battery cell and said charging contact to said charging circuit; e. inserting said charging contact into said slot; and f. fastening said battery cell inside said case. 6. A method as claimed in claim 5 further comprising the step of applying a clear protective coating to said charging circuit. 7. A method as claimed in claim 5 further comprising the step of fastening a hard, clear plastic top piece to said charging circuit. 8. A method of automatically applying photovoltaic cells to printed circuit boards for use with rechargeable batteries comprising the steps of: a. providing a roboticly operated pick and place machine, a plurality of photovoltaic cell pieces; each of said pieces including a conductive side and a rear; b. providing a relatively rigid printed circuit board having a coating which imparts rigidity to the board and fabricating the board with a plurality of piece mounting pads, a plurality of spaced apart islands initially electrically isolated from one another, and which islands are connected to yet separated from one another and connected to said piece mounting pads, and a plurality of traces; said printed circuit board having a printed circuit designed for electrically interconnecting a plurality of pieces in circuit arrangement with a connector for connecting to a rechargeable battery; c. fabricating a solder screen having holes designed to apply solder dots to said piece mounting pads and said LED mounting pads; d. using said screen having holes to apply solder dots to said piece mounting pads, said holes being arranged to permit a molten solder to be screened onto the respective piece mounting pads; e. using said pick and place machine to automatically place said plurality of pieces, conductive side up, onto said piece mounting pads; f. heating said assembled printed circuit board and cell pieces to cause soldering of said rears of said pieces to said piece mounting pads and which serve to rigidly hold the cell pieces on the piece mounting pads and where the solder provides the primary mounting force, in absence of an adhesive, for holding each piece and the LED on the piece mounting pads and LED on the LED mounting pads; and g. electrically connecting said conductive sides to said islands. 