In a solar-powered, radio-controlled timepiece an incorrect display can occur before the operating voltage definitively falls below the switch-off level if each pulse for the electromechanical transducer is no longer sufficient for advancing the display. A step monitor senses such an insufficient pulse and triggers a reset command in order to switch on the radio signal receiver for automatically correcting the hands position to the absolute time which is decoded from the current time telegram.
Claims What is claimed: 1. A solar-powered, radio controlled timepiece comprising: a time display; an electromechanical transducer for stepwise driving the time display in response to a drive pulse; a solar energy storage element for supplying power to generate the drive pulse; a receiver for receiving radio signals representing correct time and operably connected to the transducer for correcting the time display; and a step monitor for triggering a partial restart of the timepiece. including a command for a restart of a time display correcting function in response to the absence of a drive pulse of sufficient power to properly advance the time display when the storage element is in an inadequately charged state, and for deactivating the timepiece if the inadequately charged state remains following the triggering of the restart command. 2. The timepiece according to claim 1 further comprising a processor connected between the energy storage element and the transducer, the a radio signal receiver connected to the processor, the step monitor connected to the processor for supplying thereto a reset command for resetting the operating of the time display and the radio signal receiver in response to an end edge of a drive pulse occurring prior to an expiration of a monitoring window started by the step monitor is response to a start of the drive pulse. 3. The timepiece according to claim 2 wherein the step monitor is operable to generate a monitoring window of a gate length (t) delayed by a time margin (v) in response to the start of a drive pulse having a regular pulse duration (T) when the storage element is sufficiently charged, wherein (v+t) is less than (T). 4. The timepiece according to claim 1 wherein the step monitor is operable to generate a monitoring window of a gate length (t) delayed by a time margin (v) in response to the start of a drive pulse having a regular pulse duration (T) when the storage element is sufficiently charged, wherein (v+t) is less than (T). 5. A method of operating a solar-powered, radio-controlled timepiece comprising a time display, an electromechanical step transducer for driving the time display in response to a drive pulse, and a receiver for receiving radio signals representing correct time for correcting the time display a solar energy storage element for supplying power to generate the drive pulse, the method comprising the steps of: A) sensing an absence of a drive pulse of sufficient power to properly advance the time display; B) triggering a partial restart of the timepiece including a command for a restart of the in response to the sensing of the absence of a drive pulse of sufficient power in step A; and C) deactivating the timepiece if the inadequately charged state remains following the triggering step. 6. The method according to claim 5 wherein the timepiece further comprises a processor connected between the energy storage element and the transducer, the receiver connected to the processor, wherein step B further comprises the steps of generating a monitoring window in response to a start of a drive pulse, and supplying to the processor a reset command for resetting the operating of the time display and the radio signal receiver in response to an end edge of the drive pulse occurring prior to an expiration of the monitoring window. 7. The method according to claim 6 wherein the monitoring window has a gate length (t) delayed by a time margin (v), the drive pulse having a regular pulse duration (T) when the storage element is properly charged, wherein (v+t) is less than (T). 