A system for simulating the lighting cycle of the sun obtains a set of inflection points on a solar lighting cycle and also obtains the annual minimum sunlight value for a location at a predetermined latitude; reconstructs the daily and yearly solar cycle based about the set of inflection point and the minimum yearly value; determines the lighting period based upon the daily and yearly cycles; activates a lighting device for the determined lighting period; transmits a series of electrical pulses to the soil and receives a return signal from the soil, the return signal indicative of the conductivity of the soil; determines whether the conductivity indicates whether the soil has an adequate moisture level; and activates an LED to indicate the soil does not have an adequate moisture level.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for simulating the lighting cycle of the sun comprising the steps of: obtaining a set of four inflection points on a solar lighting cycle and obtaining the minimum daily number of minutes of sunlight per year for a location at a predetermined latitude; infrequently reconstructing the daily and yearly solar cycle based about said set of inflection points and said minimum number of minutes; automatically determining the lighting period based upon said daily and yearly cycles; activating a lighting device for the determined lighting period; transmitting a series of electrical pulses to the soil and receiving a return signal from the soil, the return signal indicative of the conductivity of the soil; determining whether the received conductivity indicates whether the soil has an adequate moisture level; and activating an LED to indicate the soil does not have an adequate moisture level. 2. An electronic system for simulating the lighting cycle of the sun for plants in soil comprising: means for obtaining a set of four inflection points on a solar lighting cycle and obtaining the minimum daily number of minutes of sunlight per year for a location at a predetermined latitude; means for infrequently reconstructing the daily and yearly solar cycle based about said set of inflection points and said minimum number of minutes; means for automatically determining the lighting period based upon said daily and yearly cycles; means for activating a lighting device for the determined lighting period; means for transmitting a series of electrical pulses to the soil and receiving a return signal from the soil, the return signal indicative of the conductivity of the soil; means for determining whether the conductivity indicates whether the soil has an adequate moisture level; and means for activating an LED to indicate the soil does not have an adequate moisture level. 3. The system of claim 2 containing the further means for activating a soil heater for a predetermined length of time. 4. The system of claim 2 containing further means for applying a physical stimulus to the soil. 5. The system of claim 2 wherein said means for obtaining a set of inflection points, reconstructing the daily and yearly solar cycles, and determining the lighting periods are performed by a microprocessor. 6. The system of claim 2 wherein said means for reconstructing the yearly solar cycle determines five piecewise linear seasonal sections. 7. The system of claim 2 wherein said reconstructing begins on the winter solstice. 8. The system of claim 2 further comprising means for dispensing fertilizer to said plants. 9. The system of claim 2 further comprising means for determining the pH of the soil. 10. The system of claim 2 further comprising means for determining the moisture level of the soil and means for maintaining the moisture level at a predetermined level. 11. A network comprising: a multitude of remote units, said units interconnected and communicatively coupled to each other, said remote units comprising means for obtaining a set of inflection points on a solar lighting cycle and obtaining the minimum daily number of minutes of sunlight per year for a location at a predetermined latitude; means for reconstructing the daily and yearly solar cycle based about said set of inflection point and said minimum number of minutes; means for determining the lighting period based upon said daily and yearly cycles; a lighting device; a controller for sensing environmental conditions; a control panel coupled to said control panel for accepting commands from a user and displaying information to a user; and means for activating said lighting device for the determined lighting period; central controller means coupled to said remote units for monitoring the performance of said remote units; means for transmitting a series of electrical pulses to the soil and receiving a return signal from the soil, the return signal indicative of the conductivity of the soil; means for determining whether the conductivity indicates whether the soil has an adequate moisture level; and means for activating an LED to indicate the soil does not have an adequate moisture level. 12. The network of claim 11 wherein said remote units comprise further means for activating a soil heater for a predetermined length of time. 13. The network of claim 11 wherein said remote units further comprise means for applying a physical stimulus to the soil. 14. The network of claim 11 wherein said remote units further comprise means for obtaining a set of inflection points, reconstructing the daily and yearly solar cycles, and determining the lighting periods are performed by a microprocessor. 15. The network of claim 11 wherein said remote units further comprise means for reconstructing the yearly solar cycle determines five seasonal settings. 16. The network of claim 11 wherein said reconstructing by said remote units begins on the winter solstice. 17. The network of claim 11 wherein said remote units further comprise means for dispensing fertilizer to said plants. 18. The network of claim 11 wherein said remote units further comprise means for determining the pH of the soil. 19. The network of claim 11 wherein said remote units further comprise means for determining the moisture level of the soil and means for maintaining the moisture level at a predetermined level. 20. An electronic system for simulating the lighting cycle of the sun comprising: means for obtaining a set of four inflection points on a solar lighting cycle and obtaining the minimum daily number of minutes of sunlight per year for a location at a predetermined latitude; means for infrequently reconstructing the daily and yearly solar cycle based about said set of inflection points and said minimum number of minutes; means for automatically determining the lighting period based upon said daily and yearly cycles; a lighting device; a controller for sensing environmental conditions; a control panel coupled to said control panel for accepting commands from a user and displaying information to a user; means for activating said lighting device for the determined lighting period; means for transmitting a series of electrical pulses to the soil and receiving a return signal from the soil, the return signal indicative of the conductivity of the soil; means for determining whether the conductivity indicates whether the soil has an adequate moisture level; and means for activating an LED to indicate the soil does not have an adequate moisture level. 