A solar-cell module having a photovoltaic device, a reinforcing sheet for reinforcing the photovoltaic device and a covering material which seals the photovoltaic device on the reinforcing sheet is bent at a region between the border of the photovoltaic device and the outer edge of the reinforcing sheet, where the reinforcing sheet is covered with the covering material at the part extending from the border of the photovoltaic device up to the bent portion closest thereto, or the covering material is, at the margin thereof, made to have a thickness cross-sectionally smaller as it extends farther from the border of the photovoltaic device, provided that the reinforcing sheet is not covered at the outward margin thereof with the covering material. The covering material which covers the photovoltaic device of the solar-cell module is peel-resistant.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell module comprising: a photovoltaic device; a reinforcing sheet for reinforcing the photovoltaic device the reinforcing sheet having a bent portion in a region extending from a border of the photovoltaic device on a photovoltaic device mounting area to a margin of the reinforcing sheet; a covering material for sealing the photovoltaic device on the reinforcing sheet, wherein the covering material covers the photovoltaic device and extends from the border of the photovoltaic device toward the margin of the reinforcing sheet in such a way as to extend over the bent portion and not over the margin of the reinforcing sheet and wherein a thickness of the covering material becomes cross-sectionally smaller in a direction toward the margin of the reinforcing sheet at a portion of the covering material near the margin of the reinforcing sheet; and a resin film provided on an outermost surface of the solar cell module in such a way as to cover the covering material except the portion of the covering material near the margin of the reinforcing sheet in which the thickness of the covering material becomes cross-sectionally smaller in a direction toward the margin of the reinforcing sheet. 2. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the covering material is located in such a way that a margin of the covering material is covered with a fixing member for fixing the solar cell module or with a margin of an adjoiningly installed solar cell module. 3. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the margin of the reinforcing sheet is folded by bending the reinforcing sheet to form a folded portion. 4. The solar cell module according to claim 3, wherein the folded portion of the reinforcing sheet covers the margin of the covering material. 5. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the covering material comprises a transparent resin selected from the group consisting of polyolefin resin, urethane resin and silicone resin, the transparent resin sealing the photovoltaic device and bonding it to the reinforcing sheet. 6. The solar cell module according to claim 5, wherein the transparent resin comprises a thermoplastic resin. 7. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the thickness of the covering material at a region outside the border of the photovoltaic device is smaller than the thickness of the covering material at a region where the photovoltaic device is disposed. 8. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the reinforcing sheet is made of metal. 9. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic device is flexible. 10. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the solar cell module is formed integrally with a construction material. 11. An electricity generation system comprising the solar cell module according to claim 1 and electric power conversion equipment connected to the solar cell module. 12. A solar cell module comprising: a photovoltaic device; a reinforcing sheet for reinforcing the photovoltaic device, the reinforcing sheet having a region extending from a border of the photovoltaic device on a photovoltaic device mounting area to a margin of the reinforcing sheet; a covering material for sealing the photovoltaic device on the reinforcing sheet, wherein the covering material covers the photovoltaic device and extends from the border of the photovoltaic device toward the margin of the reinforcing sheet in such a way that the margin of the reinforcing sheet is not covered with the covering material and wherein a thickness of the covering material becomes cross-sectionally smaller in a direction toward the margin of the reinforcing sheet at a portion of the covering material near the margin of the reinforcing sheet; and a resin film provided on an outermost surface of the solar cell module in such a way as to cover the covering material except the portion of the covering material near the margin of the reinforcing sheet in which the thickness of the covering material becomes cross-sectionally smaller in a direction toward the margin of the reinforcing sheet. 13. The solar cell module according to claim 12, wherein the covering material is located in such a way that a margin of the covering material is covered with a fixing member for fixing the solar cell module or with a margin of an adjoiningly installed solar cell module. 14. The solar cell module according to claim 12, wherein the margin of the reinforcing sheet is folded by bending the reinforcing sheet to form a folded portion. 15. The solar cell module according to claim 14, wherein the folded portion of the reinforcing sheet covers the margin of the covering material. 16. The solar cell module according to claim 12, wherein the covering material comprises a transparent resin selected from the group consisting of polyolefin resin, urethane resin and silicone resin, the transparent resin sealing the photovoltaic device and bonding it to the reinforcing sheet. 17. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein the transparent resin comprises a thermoplastic resin. 18. The solar cell module according to claim 12, wherein the thickness of the covering material at a region outside the border of the photovoltaic device is smaller than the thickness of the covering material at a region where the photovoltaic device is disposed. 19. The solar cell module according to claim 13, wherein the reinforcing sheet is made of metal. 20. The solar cell module according to claim 12, wherein the photovoltaic device is flexible. 21. The solar cell module according to claim 12, wherein the solar cell module is formed integrally with a construction material. 22. An electricity generation system comprising the solar cell module according to claim 12 and electric power conversion equipment connected to the solar cell module. 23. A method of installing solar cell modules comprising the steps of: fixing a solar cell module to a stand or a roofing board by means of a fixing member, wherein the solar cell module comprises a photovoltaic device; a reinforcing sheet for reinforcing the photovoltaic device, the reinforcing sheet having a bent portion in a region extending from a border of the photovoltaic device on a photovoltaic device mounting area to a margin of the reinforcing sheet; a covering material for sealing the photovoltaic device on the reinforcing sheet, wherein the covering material covers the photovoltaic device and extends from the border of the photovoltaic device toward the margin of the reinforcing sheet in such a way as to extend over the bent portion and not over the margin of the reinforcing sheet and wherein a thickness of the covering material becomes cross-sectionally smaller in a direction toward the margin of the reinforcing sheet at a portion of the covering material near the margin of the reinforcing sheet; and a resin film provided on an outermost surface of the solar cell module in such a way as to cover the covering material except the portion of the covering material near the margin of the reinforcing sheet in which the thickness of the covering material becomes cross-sectionally smaller in a direction toward the margin of the reinforcing sheet; and joining adjacent solar cell modules to each other utilizing the bent portion of the reinforcing sheet of each solar cell module. 24. The method of installing solar cell modules according to claim 23, wherein the solar cell module is fixed in such a way that a margin of the covering material is covered with a margin of an adjacent solar cell module or with the fixing member. 25. The method of installing solar cell modules according to claim 23, wherein the solar cell module is formed integrally with a construction material. 26. A method of installing solar cell modules comprising the steps of: fixing a solar cell module to a stand or a roofing board by means of a fixing member, wherein the solar cell module comprises a photovoltaic device; a reinforcing sheet for reinforcing the photovoltaic device, the reinforcing sheet having a region extending from a border of the photovoltaic device on a photovoltaic device mounting area to a margin of the reinforcing sheet; a covering material for sealing the photovoltaic device on the reinforcing sheet, wherein the covering material covers the photovoltaic device and extends from the border of the photovoltaic device toward the margin of the reinforcing sheet in such a way that the margin of the reinforcing sheet is not covered with the covering material and wherein a thickness of the covering material becomes cross-sectionally smaller in a direction toward the margin of the reinforcing sheet at a portion of the covering material near the margin of the reinforcing sheet; and a resin film provided on an outermost surface of the solar cell module in such a way as to cover the covering material except the portion of the covering material near the margin of the reinforcing sheet in which the thickness of the covering material becomes cross-sectionally smaller in a direction toward the margin of the reinforcing sheet; and joining adjacent solar cell modules to each other. 27. The method of installing solar cell modules according to claim 26, wherein the solar cell module is fixed in such a way that a margin of the covering material is covered with a margin of an adjacent solar cell module or with the fixing member. 28. The method of installing solar cell modules according to claim 26, wherein the solar cell module is formed integrally with a construction material. 29. A solar cell module comprising: a substrate; a photovoltaic device provided on one surface of the substrate; a covering material covering the one surface of the substrate and the photovoltaic device to an extent that the covering material does not cover an end portion of the one surface of the substrate, wherein the covering material has a portion where a thickness of the covering material becomes cross-sectionally smaller in a direction toward the end portion of the one surface of the substrate; and a resin film covering the photovoltaic device and the covering material to an extent that the resin film does not cover the portion of the covering material where a thickness of the covering material becomes cross-sectionally smaller. 30. The solar cell module according to claim 29, wherein a bent portion is provided in a direction perpendicular to the one surface of the substrate where the substrate, the covering material and the resin film are provided. 