A plurality of solar cell groups having a plurality of solar cells connected to each other electrically in serial. A plurality of diodes are connected to each of the solar cell groups electrically in parallel. The plurality of diodes are sealed between transmissive front surface members and transmissive rear surface members together with the plurality of solar cell groups.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell module comprising: a plurality of solar cell groups connected to each other electrically in serial, wherein each solar cell group comprises: a plurality of solar cells electrically connected to each other; a pair of open ends in each solar cell group is arranged on the same side of the module, and said Plurality of solar cell groups are arranged so that each said pair of open ends of each solar cell group is positioned on the same side of the module, and a plurality of means for preventing reverse voltage from being applied connected to each solar cell group electrically in parallel in a straight line on an outer periphery of the side where the open ends are arranged, wherein said plurality of means for preventing reverse voltage from being applied are sealed between a transmissive front surface member and a transmissive rear surface member together with said plurality of solar cell groups. 2. The solar cell Module according to claim 1, wherein each solar cell group comprises said plurality of solar cells arranged in even-number lines, and said plurality of solar cell groups are arranged in a horizontal direction. 3. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said means for preventing reverse voltage from being applied is a diode. 4. The solar cell module according to claim 3, wherein a thickness of said diode is approximately the same as or less than that of a solar cell of said plurality of solar cell groups. 5. The solar cell module according to claim 3, wherein said diode comprises a bare chip diode and conductive members mounted on both front and rear surfaces of the bare chip diode and, further at least one of said conductive members has a first plane portion serving as a mounting surface, a support portion diving from the first plane portion, and a second plane portion bending from the support portion to be in parallel to said first plane portion. 6. The solar cell module according to claim 3, wherein said diode comprises a bare chip diode and conductive members mounted on both front and rear surfaces of the bare chip diode and, further said conductive member has a mounting portion serving as a mounting surface, and a base portion being superior in releasing heat and being formed in one piece with the mounting portion in an outer periphery of said bare chip diode. 7. A solar cell module comprising; a transmissive front surface member, a rear surface member, a plurality of solar cells electrically connected and sealed between the transmissive front surface member and the rear surface member, and a terminal box for outputting electric power generated in said plurality of solar cells, wherein said terminal box is mounted in an outer periphery of said plurality of solar cells on a rear side of said rear surface member wherein said plurality of solar cells are divided into a plurality of solar cell groups, and said terminal box has means for preventing reverse voltage from being applied which is connected to each solar cell group electrically in parallel and is arranged in a straight line. 8. The solar cell module according to claim 7, wherein said plurality of solar cells are arranged in a matrix shape, said plurality of solar cell groups are divided by solar cells arranged in even-number lines, and said terminal box is mounted in an outer periphery of a vertical direction of said solar cells arranged in a matrix shape. 9. The solar cell module according to claim 7, wherein said rear surface member is transmissive. 10. The solar cell module according to claim 9, wherein said plurality of solar cells can generate electricity by letting in light from both front and rear surfaces. 