A small and light cylindrical thermophotovoltaic generator uses gaseous fuels, a counter flow heat exchanger, regenerator and low bandgap photovoltaic cells. In the fuel injection system, with preheated air from a recuperator, fuel combustion begins immediately when the fuel and air first meet. A hot and compact burn results from complete and rapid fuel and air mixing. A venturi necks down the air flow, and a chemically etched jet shim disk creates over 150 small fuel jet streams. The emitter geometric configuration provides good hot gas energy transfer to the IR emitter. Four alternate emitter configurations accomplish the good heat transfer. One emitter is a composite SiC with integrally formed internal fins which extend into the combustion chamber. The photovoltaic converter assembly has good spectral control, good high rate but lightweight heat removal and high current-carrying capability, while maintaining low parasitic IR absorption. A modular photovoltaic converter circuit is complete with series connected low bandgap filtered cells, a heat spreader and high current-carrying mirror-shielded interconnects. An efficient but lightweight and short heat exchanger regenerator is fairly easy to fabricate by inserting an array of angled vanes through slits in a simple cylinder. One regenerator is formed with integrally extruded or machined fins on a high temperature SiC composite.
Claims We claim: 1. A portable thermophotovoltaic generator comprising a fuel tube, a fuel inlet mounted at a base of the fuel tube, a fuel injector mounted at a top of the fuel tube, a venturi adjacent the fuel injector, a combustion air tube surrounding the fuel tube for directing combustion air to the venturi, a combustion chamber beyond the fuel injector and venturi, and an infrared emitter surrounding the combustion chamber, an exhaust gas conduit surrounding the IR emitter and extending down along the combustion air tube, a finned heat exchanger connected to the exhaust conduit and having fins extending from a tube into the exhaust conduit and into the combustion air tube for preheating the combustion air, a shield surrounding the emitter and a photovoltaic converter assembly surrounding the shield, cooling fins connected to the photovoltaic converter assembly and extending outward therefrom, a cooling air tube surrounding the cooling fins for confining cooling air, an insulator surrounding the exhaust gas conduit, the insulator supporting the shield, and an insulated combustion chamber cover on the shield. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the heat exchanger comprises a recuperator, having a recuperator tube with slots arranged helically and having fins extending through the slots from outside the recuperator tube to inside the recuperator tube. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the recuperator fins are trapezoidal. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the recuperator fins have shoulders which abut an outside of the tube. 5. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the recuperator fins are rectangular. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the fuel injector comprises a fuel distributor mounted in an end of the fuel tube and having an upward opening plenum, a jet disk mounted on top of the plenum and a cap mounted on top of the jet disk, the jet disk having multiple radial channels opening outwardly for releasing fuel outwardly in radial jets. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the jet disk comprises a thin disk having etched radial channels. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the jet disk is about 3 mils thick, and wherein the channels extend through the disk and are about 10 mils wide and about 1/10" in length. 9. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the fuel distributor has axial holes which lead from a lower end of the fuel distributor to the plenum, and wherein the fuel distributor has a lower portion which is fit into an upper end of the fuel tube. 10. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the plenum is annular and has a center post for mounting the disk and cap. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the IR emitter extends upward to a position below the combustion chamber cover, and wherein the combustion gases flow upward and over the top of the IR emitter and down along an outside of the IR emitter. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the IR emitter comprises a first IR emitter, and further comprising a second IR emitter positioned outside of the exhaust gas conduit parallel to the first IR emitter for flowing the exhaust gases downward between the first and second IR emitters. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, outer emitter comprises a high temperature composite material with emitter fins extending inward towards the combustion chamber. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the emitter fins have larger sizes near a bottom of the emitter and smaller fins near a top of the emitter where combustion gas temperatures are hotter. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the IR emitter has holes extending through the emitter, and wherein the exhaust gases pass through the holes in the IR emitter into the exhaust gas conduit outside the IR emitter. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the IR emitter comprises a first IR emitter, and further comprising a second IR emitter positioned outside of the exhaust gas channel parallel to the first IR emitter for flowing the exhaust gases downward between the first and second IR emitters. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic converter assembly comprises a plurality of circuit boards arranged side by side outside the shield, parallel to the emitter, and a plurality of thermophotovoltaic cells mounted on the circuit boards, and a plurality of mirrors mounted on the edges of the circuit board along the edges of the thermophotovoltaic converter cells. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, further comprising connectors mounted along the cells between the circuit boards and the mirrors, wherein the mirrors protect the connectors, edges of the cells, and edges of the circuit boards from direct heating by the emitter. 19. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a cooling air fan positioned above the cooling fins for blowing cooling air through the cooling air tube across the cooling fins and outward through a cooling air opening near a base. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, further comprising an exhaust gas opening from the exhaust conduit near the cooling air opening for mixing the cooling air with the exhaust gases and blowing the exhaust gases outward with the cooling air. 21. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the heat exchanger comprises a high temperature composite material having fins integrally formed therewith. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the high temperature material is a silicon carbide. 23. A recuperator apparatus comprising a finned heat exchanger having a recuperator tube with spaced slots formed in the tube and having fins extending through the slots from outside the tube to inside the tube for transferring heat from fluids moving on one side of the tube to fluids moving on an opposite side of the tube. 24. The apparatus of claim 23, wherein the slots are arranged helically on the regenerator tube for swirling the fluids on opposite sides of the tube. 25. The apparatus of claim 23, wherein the recuperator fins are trapezoidal. 26. The apparatus of claim 23, wherein the recuperator fins have shoulders which abut the tube. 27. The apparatus of claim 23, wherein the recuperator fins are rectangular. 28. A recuperator apparatus comprising a high temperature SiC composite material having a tube and integrally formed fins on an internal side of the tube for extending into a combustion air conduit, and external fins on an outer side of the tube for extending into a hot exhaust air conduit. 29. A fuel injector apparatus comprising a fuel tube, a fuel cup mounted on an end of the fuel tube and having an outward opening annular plenum, a jet shim disk mounted on the cup and a cap mounted on the jet shim disk, the jet shim disk having multiple radial channels communicating with the plenum and opening outwardly for releasing fuel outwardly in radial jets. 30. The apparatus of claim 29, wherein the shim disk comprises a thin disk having etched radial channels. 31. The apparatus of claim 30, wherein the shim disk is about 3 mils thick, wherein the channels extend through the disk and are about 10 mils wide and about 0.1" long, and wherein the plenum has a rim that is about 0.06" thick and the fuel flows over the rim of the plenum and out through the channels. 32. The apparatus of claim 29, wherein the fuel cup has axial holes which lead from an end of the fuel cup to the plenum, and wherein the fuel cup has a portion which is fit into the end of the fuel tube. 33. An infrared (IR) emitter apparatus comprising a first cylindrical IR emitter for surrounding a combustion chamber, wherein combustion gases flow over the first IR emitter, an exhaust gas conduit along an outside of the first IR emitter, and a second IR emitter positioned outside of the exhaust gas conduit parallel to the first IR emitter for flowing exhaust gas between the first and second IR emitters. 34. The apparatus of claim 33, wherein the first IR emitter has holes extending through the emitter, and wherein the exhaust gases pass through the holes in the IR emitter into the exhaust gas conduit outside the first IR emitter. 35. The apparatus of claim 33, wherein the first IR emitter terminates short of a combustion chamber end so that combustion gases flow over an inside of the first IR emitter, around its end and back along an outside of the first emitter. 36. The apparatus of claim 35, wherein the second emitter comprises a high temperature composite material with emitter fins extending inward towards the combustion chamber. 37. A photovoltaic converter assembly apparatus comprising a plurality of circuit boards arranged side by side and a plurality of thermophotovoltaic cells mounted on the circuit boards, and a plurality of mirrors mounted on the edges of the circuit boards along the edges of the thermophotovoltaic cells, and connectors mounted along the cells between the circuit boards and the mirrors, wherein the mirrors protect the connectors, edges of the cells, and edges of the circuit boards from direct heating by the emitter. 38. The apparatus of claim 37, wherein the circuit boards comprise metal backing strips with front insulating coatings and are joined together edge to edge, wherein the connectors comprise conducting metal pads mounted on the insulating coatings, and wherein the cells are low bandgap cells with multilayer dielectric filters on faces thereof soldered to the pads and interconnected by the connectors. 39. The apparatus of claim 38, wherein the mirrors are formed from a polished metal sheet which is trenched for bridging connections and has an anodized isolating oxide on an inner side and a gold mirror coating on its face. 40. A method of making a heat exchanger comprising providing a tube with spaced slots in the tube, inserting fins partially through the slots and preventing further movement of the fins through the slots. 41. A method of making protective mirrors comprising providing a polished metal sheet, forming trenches in a first surface of the sheet for receiving connectors and connections, slitting the sheet to partially separate mirrors, forming an insulating coating on the first surface and in the trenches, coating a second opposite surface with a gold mirror, removing frames from the sheet and separating the mirrors. 42. A method of making a fuel injector comprising providing a fuel cup with an annular plenum, providing axial openings in the cup to the plenum, etching fine radial channels in a circumferential edge of a disk, placing the disk on the fuel cup, communicating the channels with the plenum, and overlying the disk and channels with a cap and connecting the cap to the fuel cup. 43. A method of making a photovoltaic array comprising providing boards with metal backing strips with thin insulating coatings on front sides of the strips, providing conducting metal pads on the insulating coatings, providing low bandgap cells with multilayer dielectric filters, soldering the cells to the pads, interconnecting the pads by conductor leads at edges, serially connecting the conductor leads, connecting gold coated edge mirrors over the leads, and laterally interconnecting the boards in an array. 