An improved method of detecting and removing a shunt from a photoelectric semiconductor device comprises the steps of characterizing the device by generated data or performance graph; forward biasing the device; producing electromagnetic radiation from the device; receiving the radiation; associating a contrast in radiation to the defect; and mechanically removing the defect, whereby the defect is removed in the absence of a step of applying a chemical to the defect to assist in removing the defect.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of detecting and removing an electrical defect from a semiconductor device, comprising the steps of: producing electromagnetic radiation from said device; receiving said radiation; detecting a contrast in radiation; associating said contrast to said defect; and mechanically removing said defect, whereby said defect is removed in the absence of a step of applying a chemical to said defect that assists in removing said defect. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of characterizing said device by performance data prior to the step of producing electromagnetic radiation. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of forward biasing said device prior to the step of producing electromagnetic radiation. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of filtering said radiation prior to the step of receiving said radiation. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of sequentially receiving radiation from a plurality of semiconductor layers in said device. 6. A method of detecting and removing an electrical defect from a photoelectric semiconductor device, comprising the steps of: characterizing said device by initial actual performance data; forward biasing said device; producing electromagnetic radiation from said device; receiving said radiation; associating a contrast in radiation to said defect; and mechanically removing said defect in the absence of a step of applying a chemical to said defect that assists in removing said defect; and re-characterizing said device by subsequent actual performance data. 7. The method of claim 6, further comprising the step of comparing said initial and subsequent actual performance data to standard performance data. 8. The method of claim 6, wherein said actual performance data comprises a current versus voltage graph. 9. The method of claim 6, further comprising the step of isolating said radiation to a single semiconductor layer in said device prior to the step of receiving said radiation. 10. The method of claim 6, wherein the step of receiving radiation comprises the step of receiving radiation from substantially only one of a plurality of semiconductor layers in said device. 11. The method of claim 6, further comprising the step of detecting a contrast in radiation within an examination area of said device. 12. The method of claim 6, further comprising the step of determining whether an examination area of said device includes a difference in intensity between a first area and a second area. 13. The method of claim 6, wherein the step of mechanically removing comprises the step of subjecting said defect to one of the steps of scraping, grinding, microblasting, lasing and cutting. 14. A method of detecting and removing a shunt from a photovoltaic cell, comprising the steps of: characterizing performance of said device by an actual performance graph of current versus voltage; applying a voltage to said device to forward bias said device; producing electromagnetic radiation from said device; receiving said electromagnetic radiation; determining whether said electromagnetic radiation includes a difference in intensity between a first area and a second area; associating one of said first area and second area to said shunt; removing said shunt in the absence of a chemical that can assist in removing said shunt; and re-characterizing said device by a subsequent actual performance graph of current versus voltage. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein said photovoltaic cell can be used in a solar panel of a spacecraft. 16. The method of claim 14, further comprising the step of comparing said initial and subsequent actual performance graphs to a plurality of standard performance graphs of current versus voltage. 17. The method of claim 14, further comprising the step of providing a camera to receive said electromagnetic radiation. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein said photovolatic cell comprises a plurality of semiconductor layers. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising the step of isolating said electromagnetic radiation by wavelength to substantially only a single semiconductor layer of said photovoltaic cell. 20. The method of claim 14, further comprising the step of examining said electromagnetic radiation within an examination area of said photovoltaic cell. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein said examination area comprises said first and second areas. 22. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of associating comprises the step of assigning one of a lighter area and a darker area in said first and second areas to said shunt. 23. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of removing comprises the step of subjecting said shunt to a mechanical removal process. 24. A system for detecting and removing a shunt from a semiconductor device, comprising: a power supply that can supply a voltage to said device; a detector that can detect emitted electromagnetic radiation from said device upon said voltage being supplied to said device; a monitor that can monitor a contrast in emitted electromagnetic radiation from an examination area of said device such that said contrast can be used to identify said shunt; and a mechanical removal means for mechanically removing said shunt upon said shunt being identified, whereby said shunt is removed in the absence of a chemical being applied to said shunt and that assists in removing said shunt. 25. The system of claim 24, further comprising a base that can support said device while said emitted electromagnetic radiation is being monitored by said monitor and said shunt is being removed by said removal means. 26. The system of claim 25, wherein said base is moveable in two orthogonal directions. 27. The system of claim 24, wherein light detector comprises a camera and filters. 28. The system of claim 24, wherein said removal means is selected from the group consisting of a blade, a microblaster, a laser, and a grinder, and said removal means is moveable in a z-axis. 29. The system of claim 24, further comprising test equipment for determining actual performance data of said device. 30. A system for detecting and removing a shunt from a photovoltaic cell that can be used on a spacecraft, comprising: a base for supporting said cell; a power supply that can supply a voltage to forward bias said cell; a camera that can detect visible and infrared light from said cell upon said cell being forward biased; a video monitor that can monitor contrasting areas of light emitted from an examination area of said cell such that said contrasting areas can be used to identify said shunt; a mechanical removal means for mechanically removing said shunt; and a central processing unit that is capable of determining said contrasting areas of light, controlling the operation of said mechanical means, and controlling a position of said base. 31. The system of claim 30, wherein said support is moveable in two orthogonal directions. 32. The system of claim 30, wherein said contrasting areas of light comprise a first area described by a first brightness and a second area described by a second brightness. 33. The system of claim 32, wherein said central processing unit is further capable of distinguishing whether the first brightness is brighter or dimmer than the second brightness. 34. The system of claim 30, wherein said mechanical removal means is one of a blade, drill, laser, and grinder. 35. The system of claim 30, further comprising test equipment for determining actual performance data of said cell. 