The window anti-icing/deicing apparatus and method spreads deicing agents onto the outside surface of the windshield and windows of a mobile vehicle and aircraft. The device includes deicing agents, a storage container, power supply, motor, pump, nozzles, and switching system circuitry. The device quickly provides a clear, defrosted window surface on each window prior to the time the vehicle is in motion. The system includes a container connected to a pump or a solenoid for directing the deicing agent to a suction side of the pump through an outlet in to the container. The deicing agent is supplied to a propeller and then via a distributor distributed onto targeted surfaces. Nozzles are provided for expressing the deicing agents onto surfaces. A power supply is connected to the system to operate the pump and the propeller for activating the deicing system. The system may be provided anywhere on a vehicle or an aircraft, such as trunks, roof racks, engine compartments or the like. The system may be integrated into roof racks for vehicles. Deicing agents are supplied to windows, locks, doors, undercarriages, tires and pavement surfaces. The system is also operable with a solenoid connected to the container. A computer, either provided onboard or remotely, controls the system. Sensors sense conditions around vehicles and relay information to the computers that process and trigger the system to start/stop the deicing process. The system has inbuilt switching to turn the system on or off and to reset the system and to sense if windows are open.
Claims We claim: 1. Window anti-icer/deicer apparatus comprising a container, a deicing agent in the container, an inlet in the container for receiving the deicing agent, a propeller, an outlet connecting the container and the propeller for receiving and supplying the deicing agent from the propeller, at least one supply line connected to the propeller for receiving deicing agent, a distributor connected to the supply line for receiving and distributing the deicing agent onto targeted surfaces to be treated, a motor connected to the propeller, and a power supply for operating the motor and the propeller, further comprising sensors connected to the deicer for relaying temperature and humidity information to the computer for triggering distribution of the deicing agent when required. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the sensors are provided on surfaces to be deiced. 3. Window anti-icer/deicer apparatus comprising a container, a deicing agent in the container, an inlet in the container for receiving the deicing agent, a propeller, an outlet connecting the container and the propeller, a supply manifold connected to the propeller for receiving and supplying the deicing agent from the propeller, at least one supply line connected to the supply manifold for receiving deicing agent, a distributor connected to the supply line for receiving and distributing the deicing agent onto targeted surfaces to be treated, a motor connected to the propeller and the supply manifold and a power supply for operating the motor and the propeller, further comprising an exit manifold connected to the distributor for receiving the deicing agent, plural ejector nozzles connected to the exit manifold for ejecting deicing agent onto targeted surfaces, and plural pipes supplying the deicing agent from the exit manifold to the exit nozzles, wherein the pipes and nozzles are mounted along vehicle window edges for spraying the deicing agent onto a vehicle's doors, locks, and windows, from above, below and points in between windows, wherein the deicer is mounted on a vehicle roof rack. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, further comprising a mounting device for mounting the container on vehicles. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the power supply is selected from a group consisting of a vehicle power source, a power take off, auxiliary drive shaft, auxiliary gear drive, and belt drive. 6. The apparatus of claim 3, further comprising a cover for removably sealing the inlet. 7. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the container is of weatherproof, leakproof, corrosion resistant, and durable material. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the material is plastic. 9. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the power supply is selected from a group consisting of battery, external power source, and solar power. 10. The apparatus of claim 3, further comprising switching circuitry having a switch connected to the motor for activating the motor when switched on or deactivating and-reseting the motor when switched off. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the circuitry comprises connections to the motor, the power supply and the switch. 12. The apparatus of claim 3, Wherein the pipes and nozzles are mounted on vehicle roof gutters. 13. The apparatus of claim 3, further comprising perforated tubing along targeted surfaces connected to the distributor for distributing the deicing agent on targeted surfaces. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, therein the targeted surfaces include windows, mirrors, vehicle undersides to anti-ice/deice pavement surfaces, tires, and wheel wells. 15. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the container is removable. 16. The apparatus of claim 3, further comprising a level sensor connected to the container for sensing a level of fluid, and an audio and/or visual indicator connected to the sensor to provide warning of low levels of deicing agent in the container. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the sensor is selected from the group consisting of pressure transducers, electrical conductive wires and floatation sensors. 18. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the indicator is a display that is readily observable by users. 19. The apparatus of claim 3, further comprising controls for activating the motor and the propeller. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the controls are located on vehicle dashboards. 21. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the controls are remotely or manually operable. 22. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the controls comprise a computer for storing and processing information from the deicer. 23. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the deicer is located on a vehicle frame or an engine compartment, or in a trunk. 24. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the deicer is integral with the roof rack. 25. The apparatus of claim 24, wherein the roof rack comprises pipes for distributing the deicing agent. 26. The apparatus of claim 25, further comprising nozzles connected to the pipes along all sides of the rack for receiving and distributing the deicing agent on targeted surfaces. 27. The apparatus of claim 24, wherein the roof rack is removably mounted on a vehicle. 28. The apparatus of claim 3, further comprising a window sensor for sensing open/closed positions of the windows. 29. A vehicle window deicer comprising a pressurized container, a deicing agent in the container, an electrical solenoid connected to the container, a control valve on the solenoid for controlling a flow from the pressurized container, plural ejector nozzles connected to the container for receiving and distributing the deicing agent from the container, computer connected to the deicer, sensors connected to the deicer for relaying temperature and humidity information to the computer and for triggering distribution of the deicing agent in response to sensed conditions. 30. The deicer of claim 29, wherein the valve is mechanically activatable. 31. The deicer of claim 30, wherein the valve is a gear type valve. 32. The deicer of claim 29, wherein the valve is manually operable. 33. The deicer of claim 32, wherein the valve is a ball valve with handle. 34. The deicer of claim 33, wherein the valve is electrically operable. 35. The deicer of claim 34, wherein the valve is a solenoid. 36. The deicer of claim 29, wherein the valve is hydraulically operable. 37. The deicer of claim 36, wherein the valve is an hydraulic actuated valve. 38. A window deicing method comprising providing a deicing system having a deicing agent in a container, connecting the container to a pump, directing the deicing agent to a suction side of the pump through an outlet in the container, creating a vacuum with the pump thereby overcoming gravitational resistance and frictional flow resistance, supplying the deicing agent to a distributor, distributing the deicing agent onto targeted surfaces, connecting a power supply to the pump for supplying power and activating the deicing system, the controlling further comprising providing a computing system, providing sensors in the deicing system for sensing ambient icing conditions, relaying sensed information to the computing system, processing the relayed information in the computing system, signalling the deicing system, activating the deicing in response to the sensed conditions. 39. The method of claim 38, wherein the activating is provided for a predetermined intervals and duration. 40. The method of claim 38, further comprising controlling the pump wherein through a motor connected to the pump, the controlling comprises providing a motor relay, connecting a switch to the relay, switching the system on for deicing targeted surfaces and switching the system off for deactivating and resetting the system. 41. The method of claim 38, wherein the controlling is by manual or remote means. 