A system for warning regarding the presence of manually attached grounding contacts (21) on high voltage conductors (3), comprises a) a naked additional conductor (1) close to the high voltage conductor (3), however spaced therefrom, and with an ability to be clamped resiliently to contact with the high voltage conductor (3) when the grounding contact (21) is attached; and b) a warning device (20) having connection means (4, 5) to the high voltage conductor (3) and to the additional conductor (1). The warning device has, in a part (24) arranged near the high voltage conductor (3), equipment for sensing whether the additional conductor (1) has been brought to contact with the high voltage conductor or not, and for transmitting a signal regarding this condition to another part (26) of the warning device which is remote from the high voltage conductor, preferably at ground potential. From this part (26) the signal can be transmitted to an operation central.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for monitoring and warning regarding the presence of manually operated grounding contacts on high voltage conductors, characterized by an additional conductor (1) arranged close to and along at least part of a high voltage conductor (3) of interest, and adapted to be brought to physical/electrical engagement with said high voltage conductor (3) when a manually operated grounding contact is attached, said additional conductor (1) otherwise being fastened in an isolated manner relative to said high voltage conductor; a two-part, or elongate and externally isolated warning device (20; 20a, 20b) having a high voltage conductor proximal and a high voltage conductor distal warning part (20a, 20b) or end, said warning device being connected to both said high voltage conductor (3) and said additional conductor (1) in its conductor proximal warning part (20a) or end, and said warning device being adapted for optical or wireless transmission to said distal warning part (20b) or end, of a signal indicating possible physical/electrical engagement; and signal transmission equipment (32) for transmitting said signal or a processed form thereof, from said distal warning part (20b) or end to a monitoring central (35). 2. Conductor means for detecting, in co-operation with a warning device (20; 20a, 20b), an attached manually-operated grounding contact on an existing high voltage conductor (3), characterized in that said conductor means includes an additional conductor (1) arranged close to at least part of said high voltage conductor (3), said additional conductor (1) being fastened in an isolated manner relative to said high voltage conductor, and being adapted to be brought to physical/electrical engagement with said high voltage conductor (3) when a manually-operated grounding contact is attached thereto. 3. Conductor means in accordance with claim 2, characterized in that said additional conductor is a wire (1) parallel to said high voltage conductor (3) and suspended by means of springing (2) in at least one of its ends. 4. Conductor means in accordance with claim 3, characterized in that said additional conductor (1) has a length adapted to a work area of interest, where manually-operated grounding contacts are used. 5. Conductor means in accordance with claim 2, characterized by a number of isolating clips (19) mounted on said high voltage conductor (3) in order to maintain a distance between and isolate between said high voltage conductor and said additional conductor, said additional conductor (1) passing through an opening (22) in each clip (19). 6. Conductor means in accordance with claim 2, characterized in that said additional conductor (1) also includes a multi-use optical fibre core (43), for instance for signalling, for detecting field strength around the high voltage conductor (3) and/or for detecting downward bend and/or compression of the additional conductor (1), by optical end detection. 7. Conductor means in accordance with claim 2, wherein said high voltage conductor is a rail (3) having at least one special attachment detail (29) for receiving a manually-operated grounding contact, characterized in that said additional conductor includes a spring-suspended flap (28) fastened in an isolating manner to said attachment detail (29), so that a flap section can be clamped to physical/electrical engagement with said detail (29) when a manually-operated grounding contact is attached, said flap (28) being fixedly supported in a bolt (27) enabling electrical connection for a connection means (4) of a warning device (20), or for an extension part of said additional conductor (1). 8. Conductor means in accordance with claim 2, characterized in that it includes at least one wire section (1) along at least one elongate part (3) of a high voltage conductor, and at least one spring-suspended flap (28) arranged at at least one attachment detail (29) on the same high voltage conductor. 9. Conductor means in accordance with claim 2, including wire sections (1) in mutual extension along a high voltage conductor (3) which is also sectioned by disconnecting switches or pantographs, characterized in that said disconnection switches/pantographs are equipped with isolatingly arranged flap/counter contact devices (33, 34) for corresponding contact closing/opening for the additional conductor sections (1), as for the associated high voltage conductor sections (3). 10. A warning device, adapted to be mounted to a high voltage conductor (3) for warning regarding possible presence of a manually-operated grounding contact, characterized in that said warning device (20; 20a, 20b) is in two parts, or is elongate and externally Isolated, and has a high voltage conductor proximal end or warning part and a high voltage conductor distal end or warning part (20a, 20b); has means (5, 4) for connection to said high voltage conductor (3) as well as to an additional conductor (1) arranged close to said high voltage conductor (3), at said high voltage conductor proximal end or warning part (20a); and has means (6-10, 15) for generating, and optical or wireless transmission of, a signal indicating engagement between said high voltage conductor (3) and said additional conductor (1), from said high voltage conductor proximal to said distal end or warning part (20b), said distal end or warning part (20b) including a signal transmission unit (32) for communication with a monitoring central (35). 11. Warning device in accordance with claim 10, characterized in that it has a tubular main body (18) with external disk structures (11) to increase creepage distances. 12. Warning device in accordance with claim 11, characterized in that said main body (18) consists of a number of similar modules (45, 46) that can be mutually joined to provide a desired length, said length being adapted in accordance with the normal voltage level of said high voltage conductor (3), and according to outdoor or indoor location. 13. Warning device in accordance with claim 11, characterized in that said main body (18) internally has at least one elongate room extending from the conductor proximal end to the distal end thereof. 14. Warning device in accordance with claim 13, characterized in that said at least one elongate room is filled by an inert and electrically isolating gas, having a gas pressure adjusted in accordance with the normal voltage level of said high voltage conductor (3). 15. Warning device in accordance with claim 14, characterized in that the gas is transparent to light to be transmitted internally in said main body (18). 16. Warning device in accordance with claim 13, characterized in that said at least one room has an under-pressure (vacuum), with a pressure adjusted in accordance with the normal voltage level of said high voltage conductor (3). 17. Warning device in accordance with claim 10, characterized in that said connection means comprise a first connection means (5) for connection to said high voltage conductor (3); a second connection means (4) for connection to said additional conductor (1); and that said means (6-10, 15) include a signal generator (10) operative to deliver said optical or wireless signal indicating if an electrical circuit including a voltage source (6) and both of said connection means (4, 5) in series, is closed or not. 18. Warning device in accordance with claim 17, characterized in that said voltage source is a DC battery (6). 19. Warning device in accordance with claim 18, characterized in that said battery (6) is rechargeable and connected to a recharging generator (7, 8) run by power received wirelessly and internally through said warning device (20) from the distal end thereof. 20. Warning device in accordance with claim 19, characterized in that said recharging generator includes a solar cell device (8) for receiving light from a strong lamp (14) arranged internally in the distal end of said warning device. 21. Warning device in accordance with claim 20, characterized by a special tube (12) arranged internally in said warning device (20) and between said lamp (14) and said solar cell device (8), for transmission, screening off and concentrating said light. 22. Warning device in accordance with claim 19, characterized in that said recharging generator Includes a windmill (38) that is driven by an air or gas stream provided by a fan (37) arranged internally in the distal end of said warning device. 23. Warning device in accordance with claim 19, characterized in that said recharging generator includes solar cell means (47) arranged on the outside of said conductor proximal end, preferably for outdoor use. 24. Warning device in accordance with claim 10, characterized in that said means include a signal receiver (15) for receiving said signal, said receiver (15) being connected to said signal transmission unit (32). 25. Warning device in accordance with claim 24, characterized in that said signal receiver is a photo cell (15;41), said signal being a light signal. 26. Warning device in accordance with claim 25, characterized in that an optical fibre (40) is arranged between said photo cell (41) and a light transmitter (39) in the conductor proximal end of said warning device, for transmission of said signal from said light transmitter (39) to said photo cell (41). 27. Warning device in accordance with claim 25, characterized in that an open space is arranged between said photo cell (15) and a light transmitter (10) in the conductor proximal end of the warning device, for transmitting said signal from said light transmitter (10) to said photo cell (15). 28. Warning device in accordance with claim 27, characterized in that said light transmitter is a light bulb (10) included in an electrical circuit (1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 10) that is open or closed in dependence of whether said engagement occurs. 29. Warning device in accordance with claim 24, characterized in that said distal end further includes a power supply unit (14) for transferring power to the signal generating and transmission means (6-10) in the conductor proximal end. 30. Warning device in accordance with claim 29, characterized in that said power supply unit is a strong halogen lamp (14). 31. Warning device in accordance with claim 29, characterized in that the power supply unit is a fan (37). 32. Warning device in accordance with claim 29, characterized in that the power supply unit (14) in the distal end of said warning device is connectable to an external power supply network. 33. Warning device in accordance with claim 11, characterized in that said distal end is equipped with external base or attachment means (42). 34. Warning device in accordance with claim 11, characterized in that it is equipped internally in its distal end with a heating element (17) and a thermostat (13) to avoid condensation. 35. Warning device in accordance with claim 10, characterized in that said signal transmission unit (32) is operative to convert the signal to be forwarded from the distal end or warning part (20b), to a form adapted for external communication. 36. Warning device in accordance with claim 10, characterized in that the high voltage conductor proximal warning part (20a) has a receiver (8) for power transferred in a wireless manner, preferably from said distal warning part (20b), in the form of electromagnetic waves, sound or wind, for recharging an operation battery (6) in the proximal warning part (20a). 37. Warning device in accordance with claim 10, characterized in that the distal warning part (20b) is equipped with a transmitter (14) transmitting energy to said high voltage conductor proximal warning part (20a) in the form of electromagnetic waves, sound or wind. 38. Warning device in accordance with claim 10, characterized in that said additional conductor connection means (4) is branched off to a number of attachment points (29) for manually-operated contacts on said high voltage conductor (3); and that said signal generating and transmission means (6, 10, 15) are operative to generate and transmit signals identifying the grounding state of respective attachment points (29). 39. A method for monitoring and warning regarding the presence of manually-operated grounding contacts on high voltage conductors, characterized in that an additional conductor (1) having a limited length, is arranged close to at least part of a high voltage conductor (3) of interest, and is fastened in an isolated manner relative to said high voltage conductor; in a high voltage conductor proximal warning part (20b) or proximal end of a two-part or elongate and externally isolated warning device (20; 20a, 20b), there is provided a connection (4, 5) to said high voltage conductor (3) and to said additional conductor (1); when said manually-operated grounding contact is attached to said high voltage conductor (3), said additional conductor (1) is clamped to engagement with said high voltage conductor (3), whereby a signal is generated and transmitted optically or wirelessly in said warning device (20) from said high voltage conductor proximal warning part (20a) or proximal end, to a warning part (20b) or end distal from said high voltage conductor (3); and a signal transmission equipment (32) arranged in said distal warning part (20b) or distal end of said warning device (20), sends said signal further to a monitoring central (35), possibly in a converted form. 