A traffic monitoring device is comprised of a housing for mounting on an existing stop sign. A red lamp attached under the housing is for being positioned in front of the sign above the word "Stop." When approaching traffic or pedestrians are detected by motion detectors on the housing, the lamp is flashed several times to positively alert drivers to the presence of the sign, and to convey the importance of stopping. Detected traffic movements are stored in memory, and intermittently transmitted to a remote monitoring station with a telephone transceiver. A tamper alert is activated by a tamper switch positioned against a cover on the housing, and deactivated by a keyed control switch. A panic switch and speakerphone for being attached to a supporting post of the stop sign is available to drivers and pedestrians for communicating with an emergency response center. In a second embodiment, the sign is comprised of a housing in the shape of a stop sign enclosing the electronics. In a third embodiment, the sign is comprised of a housing in the shape of a school crossing sign enclosing the electronics.
Claims I claim: 1. A traffic monitoring device, comprising: a motion detector for attaching to a traffic sign; and a lamp connected to said motion detector, said lamp for being visible from a front of said traffic sign, said lamp being arranged to flash in response to detection of motion by said motion detector for positively alerting drivers to said sign. 2. The traffic monitoring device of claim 1, wherein said lamp is comprised of a red lamp for meaning stop. 3. The traffic monitoring device of claim 1, further including a battery connected to said motion detector and said lamp, a charger connected to said battery, and a solar cell powering said charger, so that said traffic monitoring device is operable anywhere without being connected to a power line. 4. The traffic monitoring device of claim 1, further including memory for storing traffic information detected by said motion detector, and a telephone transceiver connected to said memory for transmitting said traffic information to a remote location. 5. A traffic monitoring device, comprising: a vehicle motion detector for attaching to a stop sign positioned adjacent a road, said vehicle motion detector having a predetermined field of view for being generally directed along said road for detecting oncoming vehicles; a pedestrian motion detector for attaching to said stop sign, said pedestrian motion detector having a predetermined field of view for being generally directed at a sidewalk adjacent said road for detecting oncoming pedestrians; and a red lamp connected to said vehicle motion detector and said pedestrian motion detector, said red lamp for being visible from a front of said stop sign, said red lamp being arranged for flashing in response to detection of said oncoming vehicle by said vehicle motion detector, said red lamp being arranged for flashing in response to detection of said oncoming pedestrians by said pedestrian motion detector, said red lamp flashing for positively alerting drivers to stop. 6. The traffic monitoring device of claim 5, wherein said vehicle motion detector has at least about a 60 foot range for providing enough distance for said oncoming vehicles to stop. 7. The traffic monitoring device of claim 5, wherein said field of view of said pedestrian motion detector is about 90 degrees for detecting said oncoming pedestrians at a side and said front of said stop sign. 8. The traffic monitoring device of claim 5, further including a battery connected to said vehicle motion detector, said pedestrian motion detector, and said red lamp, a charger connected to said battery, and a solar cell powering said charger, so that said traffic monitoring device is operable anywhere without being connected to a power line. 9. The traffic monitoring device of claim 5, further including memory for storing traffic information detected by said vehicular motion detector and said pedestrian motion detector, and a telephone transceiver connected to said memory for transmitting said traffic information to a remote location. 10. A traffic monitoring device, comprising: a housing having a front bracket for positioning in front of a stop sign positioned adjacent a road, and a rear bracket for positioning behind said stop sign; a vehicle motion detector attached to a front of said housing, said vehicle motion detector having a predetermined field of view for being generally directed along said road for detecting oncoming vehicles; a pedestrian motion detector attached to a side of said housing, said pedestrian motion detector having a predetermined field of view for being generally directed at a sidewalk adjacent said road for detecting oncoming pedestrians; a red lamp attached to said front bracket and positioned in front of said stop sign, said lamp being arranged for flashing in response to detection of said oncoming vehicles by said vehicle motion detector, said lamp being arranged for flashing in response to detection of said oncoming pedestrians by said pedestrian motion detector, said lamp flashing for positively alerting drivers to stop; a controller connected to said vehicular motion detector, said pedestrian motion detector, and said red lamp; memory connected to said controller, said memory for storing traffic information detected by said vehicular motion detector and said pedestrian motion detector; a telephone transceiver connected to said controller for transmitting said traffic information to a remote location; a tamper alert switch positioned against a cover on said housing and connected to said controller for detecting tampering, said tamper alert switch activating an alarm a predetermined period after said cover is opened; a keyed control switch connected to said controller, said keyed control switch preventing said alarm from activating when said key control switch is operated before an expiration of said predetermined period; a speakerphone connected to said controller, said speakerphone for positioning along a support post of said stop sign; a panic switch activating said speakerphone for enabling communication with an emergency response center; a battery supplying power to said controller; a charger connected to said battery; and a solar cell powering said charger, so that said traffic monitoring device is operable anywhere without being connected to a power line. 11. The traffic monitoring device of claim 10, wherein said vehicle motion detector has at least about a 60 foot range for providing enough distance for said oncoming vehicles to stop. 12. The traffic monitoring device of claim 10, wherein said field of view of said pedestrian motion detector is about 90 degrees for detecting said oncoming pedestrians at a side and said front of said stop sign. 13. A traffic monitoring device, comprising: a traffic sign shaped housing; a traffic insignia on a front of said housing; a front motion detector on said front of said housing for detecting oncoming vehicles; and a lamp on said front of said housing connected to said front motion detector, said lamp being arranged to flash in response to detection of said oncoming vehicles for alerting drivers. 14. The traffic monitoring device of claim 13, wherein said housing is in the shape of a stop sign, said front of said housing includes a red background, a white reflective border, and "STOP" arranged thereon. 15. The traffic monitoring device of claim 13, wherein said housing is in the shape of a school crossing sign, a front of said housing includes a yellow background, and a school crossing symbol. 16. The traffic monitoring device of claim 13, wherein said lamp is comprised of a plurality of LED's generally arranged around a perimeter of said housing. 17. The traffic monitoring device of claim 13, further including a side motion detector on a side of said housing for detecting oncoming pedestrians. 18. The traffic monitoring device of claim 13, further including a solar panel attached to said housing for providing power. 19. The traffic monitoring device of claim 13, further including a second housing attached to a bottom of said housing, said second housing including "SCHOOL XING" on a front thereof. 