A solar powered vapor compression refrigeration system is made practicable with thermal storage and novel control techniques. In one embodiment, the refrigeration system includes a photovoltaic panel, a variable speed compressor, an insulated enclosure, and a thermal reservoir. The photo voltaic (PV) panel converts sunlight into DC (direct current) electrical power. The DC electrical power drives a compressor that circulates refrigerant through a vapor compression refrigeration loop to extract heat from the insulated enclosure. The thermal reservoir is situated inside the insulated enclosure and includes a phase change material. As heat is extracted from the insulated enclosure, the phase change material is frozen, and thereafter is able to act as a heat sink to maintain the temperature of the insulated enclosure in the absence of sunlight. The conversion of solar power into stored thermal energy is optimized by a compressor control method that effectively maximizes the compressor's usage of available energy. A capacitor is provided to smooth the power voltage and to provide additional current during compressor start-up. A controller monitors the rate of change of the smoothed power voltage to determine if the compressor is operating below or above the available power maximum, and adjusts the compressor speed accordingly. In this manner, the compressor operation is adjusted to convert substantially all available solar power into stored thermal energy.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A refrigeration system which comprises: an enclosure having an interior space; phase-change material situated in said interior space; a photovoltaic panel configured to provide electrical power having a DC voltage; and a compressor electrically connected to the photovoltaic panel to receive electrical power at said DC voltage, wherein the compressor is configured to circulate refrigerant through a first heat exchanger to cool the refrigerant, through a constriction configured to sustain a pressure drop, and through a second heat exchanger to extract heat from said interior space. 2. The refrigeration system of claim 1, further comprising: a pump configured to circulate a fluid through the second heat exchanger to cool the fluid, and through a third heat exchanger to extract heat from the phase change material. 3. The refrigeration system of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of the second heat exchanger is situated adjacent to the phase change material. 4. The refrigeration system of claim 1, wherein the phase-change material mass, when solidified, is sufficient to maintain the interior space of the enclosure substantially at a phase-change temperature for more than 36 hours. 5. The refrigeration system of claim 1, wherein the phase-change material comprises water. 6. The refrigeration system of claim 1, further comprising a capacitor coupled to the compressor to smooth variations in said DC voltage. 7. The refrigeration system of claim 6, wherein the compressor is a variable speed compressor, and wherein the refrigeration system further comprises a controller configured to monitor the DC voltage and to regulate the compressor speed to run the compressor at a substantially maximum available power. 8. The refrigeration system of claim 7, wherein the controller is configured to receive a temperature signal indicative of a temperature of the interior space of the enclosure, and wherein the controller is configured to halt the compressor if the temperature falls below a lower temperature limit. 9. The refrigeration system of claim 7, further comprising an alternate energy source, wherein the controller is configured to receive a temperature signal indicative of a temperature of the interior space of the enclosure, and wherein the controller is configured to enable the alternate energy source if the temperature rises above an upper temperature limit. 10. The refrigeration system of claim 7, wherein the controller is configured to calculate a voltage rate-of-change magnitude, wherein the controller is configured to increment the compressor speed when the voltage rate-of-change magnitude is below a predetermined threshold, and wherein the controller is configured to decrement the compressor speed when the voltage rate-of-change magnitude is above a predetermined threshold. 11. The refrigeration system of claim 1, wherein the compressor has a direct electrical connection to the photovoltaic panel. 12. The refrigeration system of claim 1, wherein the compressor is a DC powered, variable speed compressor, the output of which is responsive to an amount of received solar radiation. 13. A solar powered refrigeration apparatus, comprising: a compressor; a solar powered electrical power source electrically connected to said compressor; a thermal energy storage device having communication with said compressor; and control means, associated with said power source, for accumulating electrical power derived from said power source and for conducting accumulated electrical power, and continuous electrical power derived from said power source, to said compressor. 14. The solar powered refrigeration apparatus of claim 13, wherein the thermal energy storage device comprises a phase change material. 15. A solar powered refrigeration apparatus which comprises: a compressor system; a solar powered electrical power source electrically connected to said compressor system; and a control means, associated with said solar power source, for accumulating electrical power derived from said solar power source, and for conducting accumulated electrical power and continuous power derived from said solar power source to said compressor system. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein said control means includes a capacitive power storage means. 17. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein said solar power source is directly electrically connected to said compressor system during start-up of said compressor system. 18. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein said control means further comprises means for increasing a level of power applied to said compressor during start-up of said compressor by applying both continuous power and an increased level of accumulated power to said compressor. 19. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein said control means comprises means for repeatedly adjusting, by means of motor speed adjustments, a load associated with said motor to enable said motor to use substantially all of the available power. 20. A power control system for efficiently applying power received from a solar collector array to an electric motor, wherein the system comprises: buffer circuitry connected to receive power from said solar collector array, the buffer circuitry including means for accumulating electrical power derived from said solar collector array; speed control means associated with said electric motor; and control circuitry associated with said buffer circuitry and said electric motor for repetitively monitoring the motor load and available power available from both said solar collector array and said buffer circuitry, and for adjusting said speed control means to cause said motor to utilize substantially all of the available power. 