A functionally and structurally modular, parallelogram-shaped spacecraft. The spacecraft includes a plurality of modules joined to one another along an axis of the spacecraft, wherein each module is devoted to a particular function of the spacecraft, and wherein all of the modules have the same cross-sectional size and geometry. The geometry is approximately a parallelogram in a plane normal to the axis of the spacecraft. The functions include power, processing, propulsion, and the like.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A spacecraft comprising: a plurality of modules joined to one another along an axis of the spacecraft; wherein each module is devoted to a particular function of the spacecraft, the functions including power, processing, and propulsion; wherein all of the modules have the same cross-sectional size and geometry to accommodate interchangeable stacking sequences, the geometry being approximately a parallelogram in a plane normal to the axis of the spacecraft. 2. The spacecraft of claim 1, wherein one internal angle of the parallelogram is approximately sixty degrees. 3. The spacecraft of claim 2, wherein an edge of the parallelogram is approximately 33 inches. 4. The spacecraft of claim 1, wherein each corner of the parallelogram includes a mounting surface. 5. The spacecraft of claim 4, further comprising: a plurality of longitudinal members, each coupled to one of the mounting surfaces of each module. 6. The spacecraft of claim 5, wherein one of the members is formed into a channel, thereby improving the structural stiffness of the spacecraft and providing an interconnection path between the modules. 7. The spacecraft of claim 1, further comprising: a plurality of clips, each coupled between adjacent modules thereby joining the adjacent modules. 8. The spacecraft of claim 1, further comprising: a solar array foldable into a plurality of sections, each of the sections positionable against a side of the spacecraft corresponding to a side of the parallelogram. 9. The spacecraft of claim 1, further comprising: a mission antenna foldable into a plurality of sections, each of the sections positionable against a side of the spacecraft corresponding to a side of the parallelogram. 