A solar cell module includes a substrate, a plurality of solar cells arranged in a plane on the substrate, a connection member for electrically connecting the plurality of solar cells to each other to form a power generating circuit, and a single transparent cover sheet for covering the plurality of solar cells and the connection member.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell module comprising: a substrate; a plurality of solar cells arranged in a plane on the substrate; a connection member for electrically connecting the plurality of solar cells to each other to form a power generating circuit; a single transparent cover sheet for covering the plurality of solar cells and the connection member; a protective electronic element added to the power generating circuit and provided between the substrate and the transparent cover sheet; and wherein at least one of the solar cells has a rectangular or square shape with at least one corner notch, and the protective electronic element is in the corner notch. 2. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the single transparent cover sheet has a size of 150 mm.times.200 mm to 300 mm.times.400 mm to cover 5 to 20 solar cells. 3. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the transparent cover sheet is made of a cerium-containing glass and is 50 .mu.m to 200 .mu.m in thickness. 4. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the solar cells are 50 .mu.m to 200 .mu.m in thickness. 5. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the solar cells are bonded to the transparent cover sheet. 6. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the transparent cover sheet has projections for positioning the solar cells, the projections extending toward the solar cells. 7. A solar cell module according to claim 1, further comprising a dividing member, wherein the solar cells are bonded to the transparent cover sheet via an adhesive layer and the dividing member intervenes between adjacent solar cells to divide the adhesive layer for every solar cell. 8. A solar cell module according to claim 1, further comprising a reflection member which extends from the substrate and passes between solar cells and whose tip abuts the transparent cover sheet, the tip of the reflection member being so formed to reflect light incident from the transparent cover sheet toward the solar cells. 9. A solar cell module according to claim 1, further comprising a member for absorbing thermal expansion between the solar cells. 10. A solar cell module according to claim 9, wherein the member for absorbing thermal expansion is lower than the solar cells in rigidness. 11. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the transparent cover sheet has a slit so that the transparent cover sheet is broken at the slit by mechanical or thermal stress. 12. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the protective electronic element is a bypass diode or a blocking diode. 13. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the protective electronic element has a shape corresponding to the shape of the notch. 14. A solar cell module according to claim 1, further comprising a connecting section for electrically connecting the power generating circuit to an external circuit, wherein at least one of the solar cells has a notch and the connecting section is placed in the notch. 15. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein said cover sheet includes at least one slit or cut provided therein so as to enable the cover sheet to break between solar cells when subjected to excessive stress. 16. A solar cell panel comprising a plurality of solar cell modules as set forth in claim 1. 17. A solar cell panel comprising a plurality of solar cell modules as set forth in claim 1 and a base plate for mounting the plurality of solar cell modules. 18. A solar cell module comprising: a plurality of solar cells electrically connected to each other and arranged in a plane; a single transparent cover sheet for covering the plurality of solar cells, wherein the plurality of solar cells are bonded to the transparent cover sheet; a protective electronic element added to the power generating circuit and provided under the transparent cover sheet; and wherein at least one of the solar cells has a rectangular or square shape with at least one corner notch and the protective electronic element is at least partially in the corner notch. 19. The solar cell module of claim 18, wherein said cover sheet includes at least one cut or slit defined therein so that the sheet can break or crack at the cut or slit upon exposure to excessive stress. 20. A solar cell panel comprising a plurality of solar cell modules as set forth in claim 18, the solar cell modules being arranged in a plane on a substrate. 