A vending apparatus is provided having a vending machine powered by a solar photovoltaic cell array of panels. The panels are secured in a horizontal position to a base and mounted to a top of the vending machine for converting solar energy to electrical energy for powering the vending apparatus.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A food vending apparatus comprising: a vending machine includes an internal housing configured so as to provide a storage bin for the vending products until dispensed; a solar photovoltaic cell array of panels secured in a horizontal position to a base and mounted to a top of said vending machine for converting solar energy to electrical energy for powering said vending apparatus. 2. The vending apparatus of claim 1, wherein said solar panels are mechanically connected into the array by narrow bands which extend between the solar panels, and a peripherally aligned margin which circumscribes the entire array of solar panels, said narrow bands and said margin secured to said base by an adhesive. 3. The vending apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a battery charger which receives DC power from said solar panels, said battery charger connected to a plurality of rechargeable batteries so as to maintain said batteries at full electrical capacity. 4. The vending apparatus of claim 3, further comprising an inverter which creates AC power for running said vending machine. 5. The vending apparatus of claim 3, wherein each group of solar panels further comprises a diode connected between it and said battery charger for permitting current flow from the solar panels to the battery charger and for preventing current flow in an opposite direction. 6. The vending apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an attachable change machine for converting various bill denominations into change. 7. The vending apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a utility trailer upon which said vending machine is mounted, thereby allowing said vending apparatus to be towed. 8. In an otherwise conventional vending machine of the type for dispensing and vending food, beverages and similar types of products, and having an internal housing configured so as to provide a storage bin for the vending products until dispensed, wherein the improvement comprises: a solar photovoltaic cell array of panels secured in a horizontal position to a base and mounted to a top of said vending machine for converting solar energy to electrical energy for powering said vending apparatus. 9. In an otherwise conventional vending machine of the type for dispensing and vending food, beverages and similar types of products, and having an internal housing configured so as to provide a storage bin for the vending products until dispensed, wherein the improvement comprises: a solar photovoltaic cell array of panels secured in a horizontal position to a base and mounted to a top of said vending machine for converting solar energy to electrical energy for powering said vending apparatus; in combination with a utility trailer upon which said vending machine is mounted, thereby allowing said vending apparatus to be towed. 10. In the vending apparatus of claim 9, wherein the improvement further comprises an attachable change machine for converting various bill denominations into change. 