A lighted real estate sign having at least one translucent face with indicia to convey marketing information pertaining to a parcel of real estate. An internal light illuminates the translucent face and clearly displays the indicia at night. The sign is powered by a battery, and controlled by a control circuit in response to inputs from a solar panel used to recharge the battery, a photocell used to detect appropriate light conditions to illuminate the internal light, and a timer to turn off the light. The real estate sign is attached to a mounting bracket, which, in turn, is anchored to the parcel of real estate. The sign is locked to the mounting bracket to prevent theft and to rigidly maintain the sign and position.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A lighted real estate sign, comprising: an anchor securable to a parcel of real estate; a sign assembly connected to the anchor, the sign assembly having at least one translucent face and an internal light source to illuminate the translucent face; and a lock assembly having a plurality of parts directly connected to one another for securely fixing the sign assembly to the anchor in a manner for preventing removal of the sign assembly from the anchor to hinder removal of the anchor from the real estate; the anchor comprising an auger having an extended shaft portion adapted to protrude from the ground when the auger is fully bored into the parcel of real estate, and a mounting bracket configured for attachment to the sign assembly and adapted for attachment to the extended shaft portion of the auger in a manner to allow the mounting bracket to rotate relative to the auger without moving the auger, the lock assembly being adapted to secure the sign assembly to the mounting bracket in a manner to inhibit separation of the auger from the mounting bracket and so that the real estate sign is capable of pivoting about the shaft portion of the auger when the real estate sign is locked to the mounting bracket. 2. The real estate sign of claim 1 wherein the sign assembly has a translucent surface encircling the light source, the translucent face being a portion of the surface. 3. The real estate sign of claim 2 wherein the at least one translucent face is made of a polymeric resinous material. 4. The real estate sign of claim 1 wherein the sign assembly has an internal battery operatively connected to the light source for powering the light source. 5. The real estate sign of claim 4 wherein the battery is rechargeable, the real estate sign further comprising a solar panel operatively connected to the sign assembly, the solar panel being operatively coupled to the battery in a manner to recharge the battery. 6. The real estate sign of claim 5 further comprising a photocell operatively connected to the battery. 7. The real estate sign of claim 6 further comprising a timer element and an internal control circuit, the control circuit operatively connecting the solar panel, the battery and the photocell, the control circuit being adapted for switching the internal light source on in response to an input from the photocell and for switching the internal light source off in response to an input from the timer element. 8. The real estate sign of claim 4 wherein the light source comprises a neon bulb. 9. The real estate sign of claim 8 further comprising a DC to AC inverter operatively connected to the battery and to the neon bulb for driving the neon bulb. 10. The real estate sign of claim 1 wherein the lock assembly comprises a first part securely fastened to the sign assembly, a second part securely fastened to the anchor, and a lock member for securely fixing the first part to the second part in a manner for preventing separation of the first part from the second part, the first and second parts and lock member being directly connected to one another. 11. The real estate sign of claim 10 wherein the lock member comprises a padlock. 12. A method of marketing a parcel of real estate at night to advertise the real estate as being available for sale or lease, the method comprising: providing a sign assembly having a translucent front face, a translucent back face, translucent sides extending between the front and back faces, and an internal light being encircled by the faces and sides, the internal light being adapted and positioned to transmit light energy through the faces and sides, the translucent front face having indicia to convey marketing information pertaining to the parcel of real estate, the marketing information indicating that the real estate is available for sale or lease; anchoring the sign assembly to the parcel of real estate; and energizing the internal light of the sign assembly in a manner so that light energy from the internal light is transmitted through the translucent front and back faces and through the translucent sides, thereby illuminating the sign to clearly display the indicia at night. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein the step of anchoring the sign assembly to the parcel of real estate comprises: anchoring the mounting bracket to the parcel of real estate; and attaching the sign assembly to the mounting bracket. 14. The method of claim 13 further comprising locking the sign assembly to the mounting bracket with a pad lock. 15. The method of claim 12 wherein the step of energizing the internal light comprises: providing a rechargeable battery and a control circuit; operatively connecting the battery and the light to the control circuit; and controlling the energization of the light with the control circuit. 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising: providing a solar panel to recharge the battery; operatively connecting the solar panel to the control circuit; and controlling recharging of the battery with the control circuit. 17. The method of claim 12 wherein the translucent back face has indicia to convey marketing information pertaining to the parcel of real estate, the marketing information on the translucent back face indicating that the real estate is available for sale or lease. 