A spectacle frame having an esthetic or amusing character because of a mobile decorative part includes at least one mobile element having a decorative part and a transparent optical part covering an opening and the mobile element is rotatably mounted in front of the opening. The mobile element can have an oval contour.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A spectacle frame including: two surrounds joined by a bridge, each surround having an opening; at least one mobile element having a decorative part and a transparent optical part covering one of said openings; and mounting means whereby said element is rotatably mounted in front of said openings, wherein said mounting means include a ring on said mobile element including an annular groove by which said mobile element is rotatable mounted in said opening of the corresponding surround. 2. The frame claimed in claim 1 wherein each surround is equipped with a mobile element. 3. The frame claimed in claim 1 wherein said optical part forms a solar protection lens. 4. The frame claimed in claim 1 wherein said optical part forms a correcting lens. 5. The lens claimed in claim 1 wherein said mobile element or each mobile element is of non-circular shape, accounting for at least part of its decorative character. 6. The frame claimed in claim 5 wherein said mobile element or each mobile element has an ovoid contour profile. 7. The frame claimed in claim 1 wherein said ring includes a lateral recess cooperating with a spring member fastened to said surround to define a predetermined reference position of said mobile element. 8. The frame claimed in claim 1 wherein said surround includes one or more notches on its inside edge adapted to cooperate with a spring member carried by said ring. 9. The frame claimed in claim 8, wherein said notches have different depths. 10. The frame claimed in claim 1 wherein each opening is circular. 11. The frame claimed in claim 1 wherein each opening has a contour of generally polygonal shape. 12. The frame claimed in claim 1 wherein said decorative part and said optical part are made in one piece from the same transparent material. 