An article is described for providing illumination for a door handle in reduced lighting conditions. The article includes a mounting device and a method for illuminating the door handle. The method for illuminating may comprise a timekeeping device such as a light emitting display digital clock.
Claims I claim: 1. An illuminated article for a door handle, comprising: a mounting member, said mounting member comprising a panel having a front face and a back face; attaching means carried by said mounting member for attaching said mounting member to the door adjacent to said handle; and a light emitting device carried by said mounting member, said light emitting device being viewable through the front face of said mounting member. 2. An illuminated article as described in claim 1, wherein: said panel is formed with an opening sufficient to receive said handle of the door. 3. An illuminated article as described in claim 1, wherein: said light emitting device is the illuminated face of a clock visible through the front face of the panel. 4. An illuminated article as described in claim 3, wherein: said clock is a liquid crystal display including a solar panel for energy source. 5. An illuminated article as described in claim 1, wherein: said attaching means comprises an adhesive layer. 6. An illuminated article as described in claim 5, wherein: said adhesive layer is a pressure sensitive adhesive carried by at least one strip attached to said panel. 7. An illuminated article as described in claim 5, wherein: said mounting member is a panel having a front face and a back face; said attaching means comprising a plurality of double-sided adhesive strips attached to the back face of the panel. 8. An illuminated article as described in claim 7, wherein: said panel is of rectangular configuration; said plurality of adhesive strips are attached to the four corners of the panel. 9. An illuminated article for a door having a handle, comprising: a mounting member, said mounting member having a front face and a back face; attaching means for attaching said mounting member to said door handle; and a light emitting device carried by said mounting member said light emitting device comprising a clock. 10. An illuminated for a door having a handle, comprising: a mounting member, said mounting member having a front face and a back face; attaching means for attaching said mounting member to a door; and a light emitting device carried within said mounting member, said light emitting device being substantially coplanar with said front face of said mounting member. 