An apparatus (1) for measuring physiological parameters has a test chamber (2) having boundaries defined by a first semiconductor chip (3) and a second semiconductor chip (4), between which chips a seal (7) bordering the test chamber (2) is arranged as a distance spacer. The first semiconductor chip (3) has an active side, which faces the test chamber (2) and has planar sensors, on which biological cells (6) located in a nutrient medium can be adherently deposited in order to measure physiological parameters directly on the cells (6). The second semiconductor chip (4) has on an active side, facing the test chamber (2), at least one additional sensor to measure global physiological parameters. The semiconductor chips (3, 4) are held in the sealing position using a mounting (8) that grasps over them on the outer side. Outside of the test chamber (2) the semiconductor chips (3, 4) each have electric connection contacts, which contact with opposing contacts of the mounting. The apparatus is constructed simply and cost-effectively.
Claims We claim: 1. An apparatus for measuring physiological parameters, comprising a test chamber (2) connected to at least one inlet opening and at least one outlet opening and bounded by walls, wherein at least one wall of the test chamber (2) is constructed as a first semiconductor chip (3) having an active side with planar sensors (5) facing the test chamber (2), on which biological cells (6) located in a nutrient medium can be adherently deposited in order to measure physiological parameters directly on the cells (6), wherein at least one additional sensor is allocated to a wall lying opposite the first semiconductor chip (3) in order to measure global physiological parameters, the wall lying opposite the first semiconductor chip (3) being formed by a second semiconductor chip (4) having at least the one additional sensor on its active side facing the test chamber (2), wherein a seal (7) surrounds the test chamber (2) and forms a distance spacer between the semiconductor chips (3, 4), wherein the semiconductor chips (3, 4) are held in a sealing position using a mounting (8) that grasps over them on their outer side, and wherein the semiconductor chips (3, 4) each have electric connection contacts outside of the test chamber (2), which contact with opposing contacts of the mounting (8). 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein at least one inlet channel (10) having the inlet opening and/or at least one outlet channel (11) having the outlet opening penetrates the seal (7). 3. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the seal (7) comprises an elastic material. 4. The apparatus according to claim 3, wherein the seal (7) comprises an O-ring. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the mounting (8) has at least one holding clip (12) or a holding clamp with at least two clamping parts, which have a smaller clearance distance in a starting position than a total thickness (d) of the semiconductor chips (3, 4) spaced from each other by the seal (7) and to be clamped between the clamping parts, and wherein the clamping parts can be moved away from each other against a restoring force. 6. The apparatus according to claim 5, wherein the clamping parts are constructed as clamping legs (13), which can be deformed away from each other elastically springing against the restoring force of their material. 7. The apparatus according to claim 5, wherein the opposing contacts are attached to a clamping part. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the first semiconductor chip (3) provided for the adherent deposit of the biological cells has at least one array with a plurality of planar sensors (5) spaced from each other. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the semiconductor chip (3, 4) has at least one micro-pump, which has at least one pump connection connected to an inlet channel (10) or an outlet channel (11) of the test chamber (2). 10. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein for tempering the test chamber (2), at least one of the semiconductor chips (3, 4) has an electronic heating unit integrated into the semiconductor chip (3, 4) or attached to it on its outer side facing away from the test chamber (2). 11. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a transponder for transferring measurement data to an external evaluation device. 12. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the two semiconductor chips (3, 4) arranged opposite each other are constructed identically. 13. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the first semiconductor chip (3) has an optical window (15) on whose inner side, facing the test chamber (2), biological cells (6) are adherently deposited. 14. The apparatus according to claim 13, wherein the second semiconductor chip (4) has at least one optical window (16). 15. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising as a power supply, an electric energy storage unit and/or a solar cell and/or electrodes arranged on its outer side for galvanic power generation. 16. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein on the active side of the first semiconductor chip (3) biological cells (6) producing a biocatalyst are adherently deposited. 