A stacked organic photosensitive optoelectronic device optimized to enhance desired characteristics such as external quantum efficiency and voltage is described. The photosensitive optoelectronic device has a plurality of photosensitive optoelectronic subcells electrically configured in series. The substrate may be the bottom electrode or there may be a bottom electrode distinct from the substrate. Each subcell comprises one or more organic photoconductive layers between electrode layers or charge transfer layers. In one embodiment the top electrode is transparent. In other embodiments two or more electrodes are transparent. In other embodiments photosensitive optoelectronic devices with multilayer photoconductive structures and photosensitive optoelectronic devices with a reflective layer or a reflective substrate are disclosed.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A series stacked organic photosensitive optoelectronic device comprising: a substrate having a proximal surface and a distal surface; and a plurality of organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells, each of said subcells having a transparent cathode and a transparent anode, each of said cathode and anode being an electrode layer or a charge transfer layer, said subcells in superposed relation with each other and with said proximal surface of said substrate, wherein at least two of said plurality of organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells are electrically connected in series and wherein each of said subcells shares at least one electrode layer or charge transfer layer with an adjacent subcell. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein the thickness of each of said organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells is selected to maximize the external quantum efficiency of said device. 3. The device of claim 1 wherein the number of said organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells is selected to maximize the total voltage output of said device. 4. The device of claim 1 wherein the thickness of each of said organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells is selected so that each of said organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells will generate substantially equal amounts of current when said device is exposed to ambient electromagnetic radiation. 5. The device of claim 4 wherein the thickness of each of said organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells is exponentially greater than the thickness of the adjacent subcell farther from said substrate. 6. The device of claim 4 wherein the thickness of each of said organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells is exponentially greater than the thickness of the adjacent subcell closer to said substrate. 7. The device of claim 1 wherein each of said organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells is selected to have spectral sensitivity in a different region of the electromagnetic spectrum. 8. The device of claim 7 wherein the spectral sensitivity is selected by selecting the species of photosensitive organic material comprising each of said organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein each of said organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells is a unilayer organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcell. 10. The device of claim 1 wherein each of said organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells is a bilayer organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcell. 11. The device of claim 1 wherein each of said organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells is a multilayer organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcell. 12. The device of claim 10 wherein the plurality of bilayer organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells are oriented so that said substrate is closer to the cathode than to the anode of each of said bilayer organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells. 13. The device of claim 10 wherein the plurality of bilayer organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells are oriented so that said substrate is closer to the anode than to the cathode of each of said bilayer organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells. 14. The device of claim 11 wherein the plurality of multilayer organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells are oriented so that said substrate is closer to the cathode than to the anode of each of said multilayer organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells. 15. The device of claim 11 wherein the plurality of multilayer organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells are oriented so that said substrate is closer to the anode than to the cathode of each of said multilayer organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells. 16. The device of claim 1 further comprising a reflective layer disposed upon the organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcell farthest from said substrate. 17. The device of claim 1 further comprising a reflective layer disposed between said substrate and the organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcell closest to said substrate. 18. The device of claim 1 wherein said substrate is reflective. 19. The device of claim 1 wherein said each of said organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells are comprised of a plurality of photoconductive organic layers selected to form a plurality of interfaces for dissociating excitons. 20. The device of claim 19 wherein the thicknesses of said plurality of photoconductive organic layers are selected to alter the molecular energy levels of the excitons so as to form multiple quantum wells in said plurality of photoconductive organic layers. 21. A series stacked organic photosensitive optoelectronic device comprising: a substrate having a proximal surface and a distal surface; and a plurality of organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells, each of said subcells having a cathode and an anode, each of said cathode and anode being an electrode layer or a charge transfer layer, each of said subcells sharing at least one electrode layer or charge transfer layer with an adjacent subcell, said subcells in superposed relation with each other and with said proximal surface of said substrate, wherein at least two of said plurality of organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells are electrically connected in series and wherein the electrode layer farthest from said substrate is transparent. 22. The device of claim 21 further comprising a reflective layer between said substrate and the subcell closest to said substrate. 23. The device of claim 21 wherein said substrate is reflective. 24. A series stacked organic photosensitive optoelectronic device comprising: a substrate having a proximal surface and a distal surface; and a plurality of organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells, each of said subcells having a cathode and an anode, each of said cathode and anode being an electrode layer or a charge transfer layer, each of said subcells sharing at least one electrode layer or charge transfer layer with an adjacent subcell, said subcells in superposed relation with each other and with said proximal surface of said substrate, at least two of said electrode layers being transparent, wherein at least two of said plurality of organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells are electrically connected in series. 25. A method of generating electrical power from ambient electromagnetic radiation comprising: electrically attaching a series stacked organic photovoltaic device having at least two organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells connected in series and at least two transparent electrode layers to a resistive load; and exposing said photovoltaic device to electromagnet radiation. 26. A method of detecting electromagnetic radiation comprising: electrically attaching a series stacked organic photodetector having at least two organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcells connected in series and at least two transparent electrode layers to a detecting circuit; providing electrical power to said detecting circuit; exposing said photodetector to ambient electromagnetic radiation; and receiving electronic signals corresponding to said ambient electromagnetic radiation from said detecting circuit. 27. A method of fabricating a series stacked organic photosensitive optoelectronic device comprising: fabricating a first organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcell on a substrate so as to form an organic photosensitive optoelectronic device capable of producing a given voltage; and fabricating a second organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcell in superposed relationship upon the top surface of said first organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcell so as to form a stacked organic photosensitive optoelectronic device and so as to increase the voltage capability of said organic photosensitive optoelectronic device, wherein said subcells of said stacked organic photosensitive optoelectronic device are comprised of a pair of transparent electrode layers and said first subcell and said second subcell are electrically connected in series. 28. The method of claim 27 wherein the thicknesses of said first organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcell and said second organic photosensitive optoelectronic subcell are selected to maximize the external quantum efficiency of said device. 29. An electronic device incorporating the device of claim 1, said electronic device selected from the group consisting of a radio, a television, a computer, a calculator, a telephone, a wireless communication device, a watch, an emergency location device, an electric vehicle, an emergency power supply, a power generation device, a monitoring device, an inspection device, a radiation detector, an imaging device, and an optical coupling device. 30. An electronic device incorporating the device of claim 21, said electronic device selected from the group consisting of a radio, a television, a computer, a calculator, a telephone, a wireless communication device, a watch, an emergency location device, an electric vehicle, an emergency power supply, a power generation device, a monitoring device, an inspection device, a radiation detector, an imaging device, and an optical coupling device. 31. An electronic device incorporating the device of claim 24, said electronic device selected from the group consisting of a radio, a television, a computer, a calculator, a telephone, a wireless communication device, a watch, an emergency location device, an electric vehicle, an emergency power supply, a power generation device, a monitoring device, an inspection device, a radiation detector, an imaging device, and an optical coupling device. 