A laser communication system for full duplex wideband data transmission includes first and second terminals having dichroic wavelength-multiplexed optical systems wherein transmitted and received light are multiplexed along a path through the same aperture. The optical systems each preferably comprise a cassegrain receiver having primary and secondary mirrors for directing both transmitted and received laser light. Modulated laser light is generated by a high-power laser diode which is actively cooled by a thermoelectric cooler. A window in the housing, through which the modulated laser light travels, includes a transparent resistive coating to which electrical current is applied to control the temperature of the window. The aspheric primary mirror has a highly reflective surface, preferably a single-point diamond-turned mirror surface, formed on an aluminum substrate as a single piece.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows: 1. A dichroic wavelength-multiplexed laser communication system for full duplex wideband data transmission in excess of 1.5 Mbps between buildings at distance of 1-20 km and with unobstructed line of sight, comprising: first terminal means having a first laser source for transmitting laser light at a first wavelength; a first laser receiver means for receiving laser light at a second wavelength; and a first optical system through which both said laser light at said first wavelength and said laser light at said second wavelength travel, said first optical system including first optical means for multiplexing said transmitted laser light at said to first wavelength and said received laser light at said second wavelength; and second terminal means having a second laser source for transmitting said laser light at said second wavelength; a second laser receiver means and receiving said laser light at said first wavelength; and a second optical system through which both said laser light at said first wavelength and said laser light at said second wavelength travel, said second optical system including second optical means for multiplexing said transmitted laser light at said second wavelength and said received laser light at said first wavelength, wherein each of said first and second laser sources includes laser diode means for generating laser light and formed so as to generate at a power level so as to transmit laser light in excess of 1 km and 1.5 Mbps, and thermoelectric cooler means for actively cooling said laser diode means. 2. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said first and second optical systems comprise first and second cassegrain receivers, respectively, each cassegrain receiver having a primary and a secondary mirror for directing said received laser light and said transmitted laser light. 3. The laser communication system according to claim 2, wherein said first cassegrain receiver comprises a primary and a secondary mirror, and wherein the beam axis of said transmitted laser light at said first wavelength is offset from the beam axis of said received laser light at said second wavelength, whereby the beam path of said transmitted laser light at said first wavelength is unobscured by said secondary mirror. 4. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said first and second optical means for multiplexing respectively comprise first and second dichroic beamsplitters. 5. The laser communication system according to claim 4, wherein said first and second dichroic beamsplitters respectively comprise first and second index-matched absorptive beam blocking means. 6. The laser communication system according to claim 5, wherein said first and second index-matched absorptive beam blocking means each comprise optically opaque absorptive glass or plastic bonded to the respective beamsplitter with index-matching cement. 7. A laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein at least said second optical system of said second terminal means includes an aspheric primary mirror comprising a single point diamond-turned mirror surface formed on an aluminum substrate as a single piece. 8. The laser communication system according to claim 7, wherein said aspheric primary mirror has a nominal clear aperture of four to ten inches. 9. A laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein each of said first and second terminal means further includes: a housing; a window element in said housing and having a transparent resistive coating; and means for controlling a temperature of said window element by applying electrical current to said transparent resistive. 10. The laser communication system according to claim 9, wherein said transparent resistive coating is formed from indium tin oxide. 11. The laser communication system according to claim 9, wherein said means for controlling the temperature of said window means includes electrical conductors attached at the periphery of said window element and in electrical contact with said transparent resistive coating. 12. The laser communication system according to claim 9, wherein said temperature controlling means further includes a heater controller for selectively applying electrical current in response to a sensed variance in temperature of said window element. 13. The laser communication system according to claim 12, wherein said heater controller comprises means for applying a proportional-integral-differential control algorithm in selectively applying electrical current. 14. The laser communication system according to claim 9, wherein said window element further includes an exterior surface coated with a cold mirror coating which reflects solar radiation while transmitting the laser light of its respective laser transmission source. 15. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein each of said first and second terminal means further includes a heat pipe for thermal transfer from said laser diode to said thermoelectric cooler. 16. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said thermoelectric cooler is mounted to a housing of said first terminal means, wherein said housing is further formed as a heat sink so as to dissipate heat from said thermoelectric cooler. 17. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein, said laser diode means is further formed to generate laser light at a power level of at least 200 milliwatts. 18. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein said laser diode means comprises a 200 milliwatt GaAs diode laser. 19. The laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein each of said first and second terminal means further includes a proportional-integral-differential temperature controller for controlling said thermoelectric cooler means. 20. A laser communication system according to claim 1, wherein each of said first and second terminals further includes: an autoranging system having a collimating lens in the optical axis of said laser light at a first wave length, and electronic translation means for moving said collimating lens longitudinally in said optical axis to adjust beam divergence, whereby beam divergence is adjusted electronically to achieve a desired range. 21. The laser communication system for data transmission according to claim 20, wherein said electronic translation means comprises a voice coil. 22. A laser communication system according to claim 1 further comprising: a sighting scope for aiding in positioning said first terminal; a closed-loop tracking system for tracking incoming laser energy, including a position-sensing detector associated with said sighting scope for generating a time-varying error signal; steering means for deviating the direction of said transmitted modulated laser light; control electronics for controlling said steering means in accordance with the time-varying position-sensing detector error signal, wherein said tracking system is formed so as to maintain said first terminal and said second terminal means in communication with each other in the presence of unstable mounting or platform motion. 23. The laser communication system for data transmission according to claim 22, wherein said position-sensing detector includes a quadrant detector. 24. The laser communication system for data transmission according to claim 22, wherein said position-sensing detector includes a CCD detector. 25. A method of operating a laser communication system for data transmission for data transmission in excess of 1.5 Mbps between buildings at distance of 1-20 km and with unobstructed line of sight, comprising the steps of: providing a laser transmitter, thermoelectric cooler means, transmitter electronics and receiver electronics; generating laser light with said laser transmitter at a power level to transmit laser light in excess of 1 km and 1.5 Mbps; actively cooling said laser transmitter with said thermoelectric cooler means; modulating transmitted laser light with said transmitter electronics in accordance with data to be transmitted; detecting said transmitted modulated laser light and generating an electrical signal corresponding thereto; demodulating said corresponding electrical signal with said receiver electronics; correcting burst errors arising from atmospheric scintillation with forward error correction block codes and deep interleaving both prior and subsequent to the demodulating step. 26. A dichroic wavelength-multiplexed laser communication system for full duplex wideband data transmission in excess of 1.5 Mbps between buildings at distance of 1-20 km and with unobstructed line of sight, comprising: first terminal means having a first laser source for transmitting laser light at a first wavelength; a first laser receiver means for receiving laser light at a second wavelength; and a first optical system through which both said laser light at said first wavelength and said laser light at said second wavelength travel, said first optical system including first optical means for multiplexing said transmitted laser light at said to first wavelength and said received laser light at said second wavelength; and second terminal means having a second laser source for transmitting said laser light at said second wavelength; a second laser receiver means and receiving said laser light at said first wavelength; and a second optical system through which both said laser light at said first wavelength and said laser light at said second wavelength travel, said second optical system including second optical means for multiplexing said transmitted laser light at said second wavelength and said received laser light at said first wavelength, wherein each of said first and second laser sources includes a housing; a laser transmission source in said housing for transmitting modulated laser light; a window element in said housing through which said transmitted modulated laser light travels, said window element having a transparent resistive coating; means for controlling a temperature of said window element by applying electrical current to said transparent resistive coating; laser diode means for generating laser light and formed so as to generate at a power level so as to transmit laser light in excess of 1 km and 1.5 Mbps; thermoelectric cooler means for actively cooling said laser diode means; an autoranging device including a collimating lens in the optical axis of said laser light and electronic translation means for moving said collimating lens longitudinally in said optical axis to adjust beam divergence so as to adjust beam divergence and thereby achieve a desired range; a sighting scope for aiding in positioning said first terminal means; and a closed-loop tracking system for tracking incoming laser energy, including a position-sensing detector associated with said sighting scope for generating a time-varying error signal, steering means for deviating the direction of said transmitted modulated laser light with said steering means, and control electronics for controlling said steering means in accordance with the time-varying position-sensing detector error signal so as to maintain said first terminal means and said second terminal means in a communication link with each other in the presence of unstable mounting or platform motion. 27. The laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein said first and second optical systems each include first and second cassegrain receivers, respectively, each cassegrain receiver having a primary and a secondary mirror for directing received laser light and transmitted laser light. 28. The laser communication system according to claim 27, wherein said first cassegrain receiver comprises a primary and a secondary mirror, and the beam axis of said transmitted laser light at said first wavelength is offset from the beam axis of said received laser light at said second wavelength whereby the beam path of said transmitted laser light at said first wavelength is unobscured by said secondary mirror. 29. The laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein said first and second optical means for multiplexing respectively include first and second dichroic beamsplitters. 30. The laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein said first and second dichroic beamsplitters respectively include first and second index-matched absorptive beam blocking elements. 31. The laser communication system according to claim 30, wherein said first and second index-matched absorptive beam blocking elements each include optically opaque absorptive glass or plastic bonded to the respective beamsplitter with index-matching cement. 32. A laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein said second terminal means further includes an optical system having an aspheric primary mirror having a single point diamond-turned mirror surface formed on an aluminum substrate as a single piece. 33. The laser communication system according to claim 32, wherein said aspheric primary mirror has a nominal clear aperture of four to ten inches. 34. The laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein said transparent resistive coating comprises indium tin oxide. 35. The laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein said temperature controlling means includes electrical conductors attached at the periphery of said window means in electrical contact with said transparent resistive coating. 36. The laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein said temperature controlling means further includes a heater controller for selectively applying electrical current in response to a sensed variance in temperature of said window. 37. The laser communication system according to claim 36, wherein said heater controller is further formed to apply a proportional-integral-differential control algorithm. 38. The laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein each said window element includes an exterior surface which is coated with a cold mirror coating which reflects solar radiation while transmitting laser light of a respective laser transmission source. 39. The laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein each of said first and second terminals further include a heat pipe for conducting thermal transfer from said laser diode to said thermoelectric cooler. 40. The laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein said thermoelectric cooler is mounted to said housing in each of said first and second terminal means, said housing being further formed as a heat sink to dissipate heat from said thermoelectric cooler. 41. The laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein said laser diode means is further formed to generate laser light at a power level of at least 200 milliwatts. 42. The laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein said laser diode means comprises a 200 milliwatt GaAs diode laser. 43. The laser communication system according to claim 26, said thermoelectric cooler means includes a proportional-integral-differential temperature controller. 44. The laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein said electronic translation means comprises a voice coil. 45. The laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein said position-sensing detector comprises a quadrant detector. 46. The laser communication system according to claim 26, wherein said position-sensing detector comprises a CCD detector. 47. A method of operating a laser communication system for data transmission for data transmission in excess of 1.5 Mbps between buildings at distance of 1-20 km and with unobstructed line of sight, comprising the steps of: providing a laser transmitter, thermoelectric cooler means, transmitter electronics, receiver electronics, a window element with a transparent resistive coating, a collimating lens in the optical axis of said laser light, a sighting scope, a position-sensing detector associated with said sighting scope, and steering means; generating laser light with said laser transmitter at a power sufficient to travel in excess of 1 km and 1.5 Mbps; actively cooling said laser transmitter with said thermoelectric cooler means; modulating transmitted laser light with said transmitter electronics in accordance with data to be transmitted; detecting said transmitted modulated laser light and generating an electrical signal corresponding thereto; applying electrical current to said transparent resistive coating through which said modulated laser light travels so as to control the temperature of said window element; moving said collimating lens longitudinally in said optical axis so as to adjust beam divergence and thereby achieve a desired range; positioning said laser transmitter with said sighting scope; generating a time-varying error signal with said a position-sensing detector; deviating the direction of said modulated laser light with said steering means; controlling said steering means with the control electronics in accordance with the time-varying position-sensing detector error signal so as to operate said laser transmitter in the presence of unstable mounting or platform motion; demodulating said corresponding electrical signal with said receiver electronics; correcting burst errors arising from atmospheric scintillation with forward error correction block codes and deep interleaving prior and subsequent to the modulating step. 