The device is meant to move the solar protection means from a first position, among at least two predetermined positions, toward a second position to adapt to a variation in sunshine. It comprises a logic (6) which breaks down movement from the first to the second position into a minimum of two steps separated by a time interval (T1). A command (STOP) activated by a user during said interval (T1) activates the following step and reduces the interval by a fraction. The activation of an order after the interval (T1) and during the operation of the following step increases the interval (T1) by a fraction. The control device is in this way capable of adapting to the behavior of the user.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A control device for a motorized solar protection means, to allow the movement of the solar protection means from a first position towards a second position to suit a variation in sunshine, wherein the control device comprises: logic (6) for breaking down the movement from the first and the second position into at least two steps separated by a time interval (T1) said logic capable of modifying a fraction of the time interval (T1), and a stopping means (STOP), which if actuated during said time interval (T1) activates a following step and reduces the said interval by a fraction, and which if actuated after the said time interval and during the operation of the following step increases the said time interval by a fraction. 2. The device according to claim 1, wherein the logic (6) provides that movement in at least two steps is ordered only when the variation in intensity of the sun is different than a monotone variation due to the course of the sun. 3. A control device for a motorized solar protection means, to allow the movement of the solar protection means from a first position, towards a second position to suit a variation in sunshine, wherein the control device comprises: logic for breaking down the movement from the first and the second position into at least two steps separated by a time interval (T1), and capable of modifying a fraction of the time interval (T1), and the logic includes a memory storing in stages a positioning function of a solar protection means as a function of the intensity of sunshine and including a voluntary control means (8) having positioning priority in the solar protection means, wherein the logic is capable of modifying the positioning function in stages in response to a positioning order introduced by said voluntary control means, the logic not responding in all cases to such order if the order is given outside said time interval (T1), and a stopping means (STOP), which inactivated during said interval (T1) activates a following step and reduces the said interval by a fraction and if activated after the said interval and during the operation of the following step, increases the said interval by a fraction. 4. The device according to claim 3, wherein the voluntary control means are control keys for activating an ascent-descent function of the solar protection means. 5. The device according to claim 4, wherein the logic comprises a command interpreter (1) for powering a motor, the command interpreter monitoring the positions of the solar protection means and the said time interval (T1) and executing manual positioning orders, a course interpreter (2) for learning the course of a step actuator for each cycle of an ascent-descent function and delivering to the command interpreter the minimum and maximum position of the solar protection means, a position estimator (4) for calculating the assumed position of different movement requests furnished to the motor by the command interpreter, between the minimum position (P1) and the maximum position (P16), and of communicating to the command interpreter different estimated positions of the positioning function, at least one decision block (6) which is associated with a solar panel (5), the decision block also allowing output positions, each having an associated output, said outputs being connected to the command interpreter, and a training block (7) associated with the decision block, the training block providing progressive modification of the positioning function each time that the user manually intervenes. 6. The device according to claim 5, wherein the device further includes a date and time recording means (9, 10) for the introduction or date and time information in the decision block, said decision block is designed in such a manner to modify the positioning function as a function of the amount of sunshine and the date and time, the amount of sunshine and the date and time being divided in predetermined portions into a series of discrete levels. 7. The device according to claim 5, wherein the device further includes several decision blocks and a decision block selector (1). 8. The device according to claim 7, wherein the device further includes a date and time recording means (9, 10) for the introduction of date and time information in the decision block, said decision block adapted to modify the positioning function as a function of the amount of sunshine and the date and time, the amount of sunshine and date and time being divided in predetermined portions into a series of discrete levels. 9. The device according to claim 1, wherein the stop means is activated by a stop control key (STOP) of the solar protection means. 