A process to recover energy, reduce pollution potential, and add value to organic waste such as animal manure is described. The process involves the anaerobic digestion of feedstocks, such as animal manure, at low to high temperatures in batch, semi-continuous or continuous reactors. The process makes use of existing handling and storage equipment at the farm and requires minimal supervision and skill by the operator. The system is not affected by high concentrations of volatile acids and ammonia or nitrogen. The productivity of the anaerobic digester system, in terms of methane a gas production and quality, is exceptionally high. The anaerobic digester requires only a singe reaction vessel. Consequently, the process is low cost and does not interfere with regular farm operations.
Claims We claim: 1. An anaerobic digester system for converting cellulose-containing feedstock into useful materials, wherein the system comprises: a feedstock slurry feeder; a plurality of conduits connecting various components of the system; a single pressurizable anaerobic digester comprising agitation means, one or more feed ports, one or more discharge ports, and a reaction vessel for holding a reaction solution comprising an anaerobic microbe which converts an aqueous slurry of cellulose-containing feedstock into at least one useful gas and an enriched effluent; a pressurizer; and one or more gas processors directly or indirectly connected to the anaerobic digester; wherein the headspace of the anaerobic digester is pressurized to at least about 10 psi to form the enriched effluent and the at least one useful gas during anaerobic digestion of the cellulose-containing feedstock. 2. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1 further comprising one or more of the following: a) one or more pressure controllers for controlling the pressure inside the anaerobic digester; and b) one or more temperature controllers for controlling the temperature inside the anaerobic digester. 3. The anaerobic digester system of claim 2, wherein at least one of the one or more pressure controllers comprises an actuator for the pressurizer and a pressure monitor. 4. The anaerobic digester system of claim 2, wherein at least one of the one or more temperature controllers is selected from a coil inside the anaerobic digester, a jacket outside the reaction vessel, and a combination thereof. 5. The anaerobic digester system of claim 4, wherein at least one of the one or more temperature controllers further comprises a recirculating fluid source outside the reaction vessel. 6. The anaerobic digester system of claim 5, wherein the recirculating fluid source is selected from the group consisting of a solar water heater, a gas-powered water heater, a steam generator, and a heat exchanger. 7. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1 further comprising one or more vessels for preparing a feedstock slurry. 8. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1 further comprising a feedstock particle size reducer. 9. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1 further comprising one or more storage tanks for receiving the enriched effluent. 10. The anaerobic digester system of claim 9, wherein the one or more storage tanks includes a scum storage tank, a supernatant storage tank and a sludge storage tank. 11. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1, wherein the one or more gas processors is selected from the group consisting of a gas scrubber, a gas compressor, a gas separator, a gas treater, and an aerial cooler. 12. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1, wherein the agitation means is selected from the group consisting of a fluid recirculator, a gas recirculator, a sparger bar, a mechanical agitator and a combination thereof. 13. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1, wherein the pressurizer is one or more of the feedstock slurry feeder; an external compressed gas source; a fluid inlet; a sparger bar, a gas recirculator; and a fluid recirculator. 14. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1, wherein the at least one useful gas is selected from the group consisting of methane, ammonia, hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide and carbon dioxide. 15. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1, wherein the enriched effluent comprises at least one of a nitrogen rich fertilizer, a feed additive, an insecticidal mixture, ammonia, and an organic acid. 16. A useful material prepared with the anaerobic system of claim 1, wherein the useful material comprises methane, ammonia, hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide, carbon dioxide, a nitrogen rich fertilizer, a feed additive, an insecticidal mixture, an organic acid, or a combination thereof. 17. An anaerobic digester system for converting cellulose-containing feedstock into useful materials, wherein the system comprises: a feedstock slurry feeder; a plurality of conduits connecting various components of the system; a single pressurizable anaerobic digester comprising agitation means, one or more feed ports, one or more discharge ports, and a reaction vessel for holding a reaction solution comprising an anaerobic microbe which converts an aqueous slurry of cellulose-containing feedstock into at least one useful gas and an enriched effluent; a pressurizer; one or more gas processors directly or indirectly connected to the anaerobic digester; and a gas recirculation system comprising a gas separator for reducing methane from a discharge gas received directly or indirectly from the anaerobic digester to form a methane-reduced gas which is subsequently fed directly or indirectly back into the anaerobic digester; wherein the headspace of the anaerobic digester is pressurized to at least about 10 psi to form the enriched effluent and the at least one useful gas during anaerobic digestion of the cellulose-containing feedstock. 18. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1 further comprising a fluid recirculation system for adding scum, sludge, supernatant or effluent directly or indirectly back into the anaerobic digester. 19. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1, wherein the configuration of the anaerobic digester system permits batch, semi-continuous or continuous operation. 20. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1, wherein the agitation means comprises a gas bubbler, an aerator, a sparger bar, a fluid stream, a mechanical agitator, or a combination thereof. 21. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1, wherein the anaerobic microbe is a methanogenic bacterium. 22. The anaerobic digester system of claim 21, wherein the anaerobic microbe is psychrophilic or thermophilic. 23. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1, wherein the feedstock slurry comprises from about 1% wt. to about 90% wt. solids. 24. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1 further comprising at least one of an internal combustion engine, an electrical current generator, an electric engine, a water heater, a furnace, an air conditioning unit, a ventilation fan, a conveyor, a pump, a heat exchanger, and a fuel cell. 25. The anaerobic digester system of claim 24; wherein the at least one useful gas is used to operate at least one of the internal combustion engine, electrical current generator, electric engine, water heater, furnace, air conditioning unit, ventilation fan, conveyor, pump, heat exchanger, and fuel cell. 26. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1, wherein the anaerobic microbe is selected from the group consisting of: Clostridium spp., Bacillus spp., Escherichia spp., Staphylococcus spp., Methanobacter spp., Methanobacter (Mb.) omlianskii, Mb. formicicum, Mb. soehngenii, Mb. thermoautrophicum, Mb. ruminatium, Mb. mobile, Mb. methanica, Methanococcus (Mc.) mazei, Mc. vannielii, Ms. mazei, Mb. suboxydans, Mb. propionicum, Methanosarcina (Ms.) bovekeri, Ms. methanica, Ms. Alcaliphilum, Ms. acetivorans, Ms. thermophilia, Ms. barkeri, Ms. vacuolata, Propionibacterium acidi-propionici, Saccharomyces cerevisae, S. ellipsoideus, Clostridium propionicum, Clostridium saccharoacetoper-butylicum, and Clostridium butyricum. 27. The anaerobic digester system of claim 26, wherein the at least one useful gas is selected from the group consisting of: methane, hydrogen, carbon dioxide, hydrogen sulfide, and ammonia. 28. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1, wherein the enriched effluent comprises at least one of ammonia; nitrogen rich fertilizer; protein; amino acid; carbohydrate; insecticide; mineral; charcoal; carbon black; and insect repellant. 29. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1, wherein the aqueous slurry of cellulose-containing feedstock comprises at least one of animal tissue, biomass, fish tissue, plant parts, fruits, vegetables, plant-processing waste, animal-processing waste, animal manure, animal urine, mammalian manure, mammalian urine, solids isolated from fermentation cultures, bovine manure or urine, poultry manure or urine, equine manure or urine, porcine manure or urine, wood shavings or chips, slops, mostos, shredded paper, cotton burrs, grain, chaff, seed shells, hay, alfalfa, grass, leaves, sea shells, seed pods, corn shucks, weeds, aquatic plants, algae, fungus, and combinations thereof. 30. The anaerobic digester system of claim 1, wherein the system is installed in a swine ranch, chicken farm, cattle ranch, feedlot or dairy cattle milking facility to convert waste material into at least methane, which is used to operate one or more gas-powered machines. 31. A method of converting an aqueous slurry of cellulose-containing feedstock into at least one useful gas and an enriched effluent, the method comprising the steps of: operating an anaerobic digester system according to any one of claims 1-31 to produce the at least one useful gas and the enriched effluent. 