A power system is provided in which a grid supplies electrical power to a load and in which backup power is provided from one of a generator and a dc storage device. The power system includes a standalone inverter having an input and an output. The output of the standalone inverter is connected to the load. The power system includes a grid parallel inverter having an input and an output. The output of the grid parallel inverter is connected to the grid. A dc bus is electrically connected to the input of the standalone inverter and to the input of the grid parallel inverter.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A power system in which a grid supplies electrical power to a load and in which backup power is provided from one of a generator and a dc storage device comprising: a standalone inverter, having an input and an output, the output connected to the load; a grid parallel inverter, having an input and an output, the output connected to the grid; and a dc bus electrically connected to the input of the standalone inverter and to the input of the grid parallel inverter. 2. The power system of claim 1 wherein the generator is connected to the dc bus through a filter in combination with a rectifier. 3. The power system of claim 2 wherein the rectifier is an uncontrolled rectifier. 4. The power system of claim 2 wherein the rectifier is a controlled rectifier. 5. The power system of claim 1 wherein the generator is a microturbine and is connected to the dc bus through an inverter. 6. The power system of claim 1 wherein the dc storage device is connected to the dc bus. 7. The power system of claim 1 wherein the grid is connected to the dc bus through a filter in combination with a rectifier. 8. The power system of claim 7 wherein the rectifier is an uncontrolled rectifier. 9. The power system of claim 7 wherein the rectifier is a controlled rectifier. 10. The power system of claim 1 wherein the grid is connected to the output of the grid parallel inverter. 11. The power system of claim 1 wherein the dc storage device is a battery bank. 12. The power system of claim 1 wherein the dc storage device comprises a member of a group consisting of batteries, flywheel, capacitors, solar cells, and fuel cells. 13. The power system of claim 1 wherein the dc storage device is a generator connected to the dc bus through a filter in combination with a rectifier. 14. The power system of claim 1 further comprising a maintenance switch electrically connected between the load and the dc storage device. 15. The power system of claim 14 further comprising a transformer electrically connected between the grid and the maintenance switch. 16. The power system of claim 1 wherein the standalone inverter is sized differently than the grid parallel inverter. 17. The power system of claim 1 further comprising a controller to control the power through the grid parallel inverter. 18. The power system of claim 17 wherein the grid parallel inverter comprises the controller. 19. The power system of claim 17 wherein the controller starts the generator upon failure of the grid or upon a peak shaving signal from a utility. 20. The power system of claim 19 wherein the controller is connected to a utility to receive the peak shaving signal. 21. The power system of claim 17 wherein the controller is connected to the generator to start the generator. 22. The power system of claim 17 wherein the controller controls the power output through the grid parallel inverter to approximately equal the generator capacity minus the maximum load of the load. 23. The power system of claim 17 wherein the controller controls the power output through the grid parallel inverter to approximately equal the generator capacity minus the actual load of the load. 24. The power system of claim 23 wherein the controller is connected to the load to monitor the actual load of the load. 25. The power system of claim 17 wherein the controller controls the power output through the grid parallel inverter to set the power fed back to the utility to be approximately zero. 26. The power system of claim 17 wherein the controller controls the power output through the grid parallel inverter to perform peak shaving. 27. The power system of claim 17 wherein the controller is connected to a utility to receive a peak shaving signal from the utility. 28. The power system of claim 17 wherein the controller controls the power output through the grid parallel inverter to correct for power factor. 29. The power system of claim 17 wherein the controller controls the power output through the grid parallel inverter via commands received from a utility. 30. The power system of claim 29 wherein the controller is connected to a utility to receive a commands from the utility. 31. A method of controlling power through a grid parallel inverter in a power system in which a grid supplies electrical power to a load and in which backup power is provided from one of a generator and a dc storage device including a standalone inverter having an input and an output, the output connected to the load; a grid parallel inverter, having an input and an output, the output connected to the grid; and a dc bus electrically connected to the input of the standalone inverter and to the input of the grid parallel inverter comprising: controlling the power through a grid parallel inverter to approximately match a setpoint power. 32. The method of claim 31 wherein the setpoint power is the difference of the capacity of the generator and the maximum load of the load. 33. The method of claim 31 wherein the setpoint power is the difference of the capacity of the generator and the actual load of the load. 34. The method of claim 31 further comprising monitoring the actual load of the load. 35. The method of claim 31 wherein the power setpoint is determined by a power factor setpoint. 