A method of manufacturing a solar cell module includes the use of low cost polymeric materials with improved mechanical properties. A transparent encapsulant layer is placed adjacent a rear surface of a front support layer. Interconnected solar cells are positioned adjacent a rear surface of the transparent encapsulant layer to form a solar cell assembly. A backskin layer is placed adjacent a rear surface of the solar cell assembly. At least one of the transparent encapsulant layer and the backskin layer are predisposed to electron beam radiation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell module comprising: a support layer formed of light transmitting material; a transparent encapsulant layer adjacent a rear surface of the front support layer, said transparent encapsulant layer comprising: a first outer layer of an acid copolymer of polyethylene; an inner layer of metallocene polyethylene located adjacent a rear surface of the first outer layer; a second outer layer of an acid copolymer of polyethylene located adjacent a rear surface of the layer of metallocene polyethylene; a plurality of interconnected solar cells having a first surface disposed adjacent a rear surface of the transparent encapsulant layer; and a backskin layer disposed adjacent a rear surface of the interconnected solar cells; at least one of the transparent encapsulant and the backskin layer having an increased thermal creep resistance while remaining sufficiently thermoplastic to be heat bonded to another surface as a result of being predisposed to an electron beam radiation. 2. The solar cell module of claim 1 wherein the at least one of the transparent encapsulant layer and the backskin layer predisposed to electron beam radiation is a cross-linked polymer. 3. The solar cell module of claim 1 further comprising forming a metal conducting pattern on the backskin layer. 4. The solar cell module of claim 1 wherein the backskin layer is formed of a polyolefin. 5. The solar cell module of claim 4 wherein the polyolefin is high density polyethylene or polypropylene. 6. The solar cell module of claim 4 wherein the polyolefin comprises a mixture of at least a first ionomer and a second ionomer. 7. The solar cell module of claim 6 wherein the polyolefin further comprises a mineral filler. 8. The solar cell module of claim 1 further comprising at least one bonding layer predisposed to electron beam radiation adjacent a front surface of the front support layer and a portion the backskin layer wrapped around at least one edge of the module for contacting the at least one bonding layer adjacent the front surface of the front support layer, thereby forming an edge seal. 9. The solar cell module of claim 8 wherein the at least one bonding layer is an acid co-polymer comprising ethylene. 10. The solar cell module of claim 9 wherein the at least one bonding layer is ethylene methacrylic acid (EMAA) or ethylene acrylic acid (EAA). 11. The solar cell module of claim 1 further comprising at least one bonding layer predisposed to electron beam radiation adjacent a rear surface of the backskin layer and at least one mounting component adjacent the at least one bonding layer adjacent the rear surface of the backskin layer, thereby bonding the mounting component onto the backskin layer. 12. The solar cell module of claim 1 further comprising at least one electrical lead adjacent a rear surface of the backskin layer and at least one bonding layer predisposed to electron beam radiation adjacent the at least one electrical lead, bonding a portion of the at least one electrical lead to the backskin layer. 13. The solar cell module of claim 12 wherein the bonding layer is an acid-copolymer or an ionomer. 14. A solar cell module comprising: a support layer formed of light transmitting material; a transparent encapsulant layer adjacent a rear surface of the front support layer; a plurality of interconnected solar cells having a first surface disposed adjacent a rear surface of the transparent encapsulant layer; and a backskin layer disposed adjacent a rear surface of the interconnected solar cells; at least one of the transparent encapsulant and the backskin layer having an increased thermal creep resistance while remaining sufficiently thermoplastic to be heat bonded to another surface as a result of being predisposed to an electron beam radiation having a dosage in a range from about 2 megarads to about 16 megarads. 