A semiconductor device having a semiconductor element, characterized in that said semiconductor device comprises a stacked body obtained by providing a laminate comprising said semiconductor element and a sealing resin which are interposed between a front surface member and a back face member, evacuating said laminate at a vacuum of 5 Torr or less for 5 to 40 minutes, subjecting the laminate thus treated to thermocompression bonding at a vacuum degree of 5 Torr or less, and cooling the laminate subjected to said thermocompression bonding so as to engage in contact bonding. The laminated semiconductor device is free of the air bubbles therein.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A semiconductor device having a semiconductor element, wherein said semiconductor device comprises a stacked body formed by the process comprising: (a) providing a laminate comprising said semiconductor element and a sealing resin which are interposed between a front surface member and a back face member; (b) subjecting said laminate to a vacuum-treatment at a reduced pressure of 5 Torr or less and maintaining the laminate at said reduced pressure for 5 to 40 minutes; (c) subjecting the vacuum-treated laminate to thermocompression bonding at a reduced pressure of 5 Torr or less; and (d) cooling the thermocompressed laminate to contact bond the laminate, wherein the surface member comprises a transparent film composed of a fluorine-containing polymer. 2. A semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein the fluorine-containing polymer is ethylene-tetrafluoroethylene copolymer. 3. A semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein the transparent fluorine-containing polymer film has a corona-discharged surface in contact with the sealing resin. 4. A semiconductor device having a semiconductor element, wherein said semiconductor device comprises a stacked body formed by the process comprising: (a) providing a laminate comprising said semiconductor element and a sealing resin which are interposed between a front surface member and a back face member; (b) subjecting said laminate to a vacuum-treatment at a reduced pressure of 5 Torr or less and maintaining the laminate at said reduced pressure for 5 to 40 minutes; (c) subjecting the vacuum-treated laminate to thermocompression bonding at a reduced pressure of 5 Torr or less; and (d) cooling the thermocompressed laminate to contact bond the laminate, wherein the sealing resin is positioned between the semiconductor element and the surface member, the sealing resin comprises ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymer, and the ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymer is crosslinked by an organic peroxide. 5. A process for producing a semiconductor device having a semiconductor element, said process comprising the steps of: (a) providing a laminate comprising said semiconductor element and a sealing resin which are interposed between a front surface member and a back face member; (b) superposing a flexible sheet on said laminate and subjecting said laminate to a vacuum-treatment consisting essentially of subjecting the laminate to a reduced pressure of 5 Torr or less and maintaining the laminate at said reduced pressure for 5 to 40 minutes; (c) subjecting the vacuum-treated laminate to thermocompression bonding at a reduced pressure of 5 Torr or less while heating the vacuum-treated laminate at a temperature at which the sealing resin of the laminate is crosslinked; and (d) cooling the thermocompressed laminate to contact bond the laminate. 6. The process according to claim 5, wherein the thermocompression bonding of the laminate comprises the steps of supporting the laminate between a mounting table and a flexible member, and evacuating a space between said mounting table and said flexible member to reduce the pressure therein and compress the laminate. 7. The process according to claim 6, wherein the flexible member is a flexible sheet. 8. The process according to claim 6, wherein the pressure is reduced only in the space between the mounting table and the flexible member. 9. The process according to claim 6, wherein the pressure is reduced only in the space which is underneath the flexible member and which is on a side where the mounting table is provided. 10. The process according to claim 5, wherein the laminate has a nonwoven glass fiber, a nonwoven organic resin fiber, or both of these fibers inserted therein. 11. The process according to claim 5, wherein the sealing resin is positioned between the semiconductor element and the surface member, and the sealing resin comprises ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymer. 12. The process according to claim 5, wherein the thermocompression bonding of the laminate is conducted by utilizing a flexible sheet which is larger than the laminate. 13. The process according to claim 5, wherein the semiconductor element is a photoelectric conversion element. 14. The process according to claim 5, wherein the semiconductor element is a photovoltaic element. 15. The process according to claim 5, wherein the semiconductor element is a photodetector or a light emitting element. 16. The process according to claim 5, wherein the semiconductor device is a solar cell module. 17. A process for producing a semiconductor device by subjecting a laminate comprising a semiconductor element and a sealing resin which are interposed between a front surface member and a back face member to thermocompression bonding under reduced pressure, wherein said process comprises the steps of: (a) subjecting said laminate to a vacuum-treatment at a reduced pressure of 5 Torr or less and maintaining the laminate at said reduced pressure for 5 to 40 minutes; (b) subjecting the vacuum-treated laminate to thermocompression bonding at a reduced pressure of 5 Torr or less; and (c) cooling the thermocompressed laminate to contact bond the laminate, wherein the sealing resin is positioned between the semiconductor element and the surface member, the sealing resin comprises ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymer, and the ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymer is crosslinked by an organic peroxide. 18. A process for producing a semiconductor device by subjecting a laminate comprising a semiconductor element and a sealing resin which are interposed between a front surface member and a back face member to thermocompression bonding under reduced pressure, wherein said process comprises the steps of: (a) subjecting said laminate to a vacuum-treatment at a reduced pressure of 5 Torr or less and maintaining the laminate at said reduced pressure for 5 to 40 minutes; (b) subjecting the vacuum-treated laminate to thermocompression bonding at a reduced pressure of 5 Torr or less; and (c) cooling the thermocompressed laminate to contact bond the laminate, wherein the surface member comprises a transparent film composed of a fluorine-containing polymer. 19. The process according to claim 18, wherein the fluorine-containing polymer is ethylene-tetrafluoroethylene copolymer. 20. The process according to claim 18, wherein the transparent fluorine-containing polymer film has a corona-discharged surface in contact with the sealing resin. 21. A process for producing a semiconductor device by subjecting a laminate comprising a semiconductor element and a sealing resin which are interposed between a front surface member and a back face member to thermocompression bonding under reduced pressure, wherein said process comprises the steps of: (a) subjecting said laminate to a vacuum-treatment at a reduced pressure of 5 Torr or less and maintaining the laminate at said reduced pressure far 5 to 40 minute; (b) subjecting the vacuum-treated laminate to thermocompression bonding at a reduced pressure of 5 Torr or less; and (c) cooling the thermocompressed laminate to contact bond the laminate, wherein the thermocompression bonding of the laminate comprises the steps of supporting the laminate between a mounting table and a flexible member, and evacuating a space between said mounting table and said flexible member to reduce the pressure therein and compress the laminate, and wherein the flexible member is a silicone rubber sheet. 22. A process for producing a semiconductor device by subjecting a laminate comprising a semiconductor element and a sealing resin which are interposed between a front surface member and a back face member to thermocompression bonding under reduced pressure, wherein said process comprises the steps of: (a) subjecting said laminate to a vacuum-treatment at a reduced pressure of 5 Torr or less and maintaining the laminate at said reduced pressure for 5 to 40 minutes; (b) subjecting the vacuum-treated laminate to thermocompression bonding at a reduced pressure of 5 Torr or less; and (c) cooling the thermocompressed laminate to contact bond the laminate, wherein the thermocompression bonding of the laminate comprises the steps of supporting the laminate between a mounting table and a flexible member, and evacuating a space between said mounting table and said flexible member to reduce the pressure therein and compress the laminate, and wherein the pressure is reduced on both sides of the flexible member, and the thermocompression bonding of the laminate includes a step of increasing the pressure on the side of the flexible member which is opposite to the mounting table. 