An alerting device and method to remind personnel of a risk is disclosed. The device has at least two sensors, a logic controller, a power source, and an annunciator that delivers a visual message, with or without an audible alarm, about a risk to a person when the sensors detect the person exiting a predetermined space. In particular, the present invention reminds a person of a security, safety, or health risk upon exiting a predetermined space. More particularly, the present invention reminds a person of an information security risk relating to sensitive, proprietary, confidential, trade secret, classified, or intellectual property information.
Claims We claim: 1. An alerting device for reminding a person of a risk, comprising: a. at least two sensors, wherein each sensor monitors a predetermined space proximate to the risk and provides a signal dependent on the location of the person in said predetermined space; b. a logic controller comprising a logic circuit that receives said signals and provides an alert signal only when said at least two sensors detects the person exiting said predetermined space; c. an annunciator proximate to said predetermined space, wherein said annunciator comprises an illuminable sign displaying an alert message, said illuminable sign illuminated to remind the person of the risk when said annunciator receives said alert signal; and d. a power source for providing energy to said at least two sensors, said logic controller, and said annunciator. 2. The alerting device as recited in claim 1, wherein the risk is the possibility of loss of property. 3. The alerting device as recited in claim 2, wherein the property is business information selected from the group consisting of sensitive, proprietary, confidential, trade secret, and classified. 4. The alerting device as recited in claim 1, wherein the risk is the possibility of injury from an occupational hazard. 5. The alerting device as recited in claim 1, wherein at least one of said at least two sensors is an infrared motion detector. 6. The alerting device as recited in claim 1, wherein at least one of said at least two sensors is a light beam motion detector. 7. The alerting device as recited in claim 1, wherein at least one of said at least two sensors is a pressure switch. 8. The alerting device as recited in claim 1, wherein said at least two sensors is a photo detector array. 9. The alerting device as recited in claim 1, wherein said at least two sensors is two infrared motion detectors. 10. The alerting device as recited in claim 1, wherein said annunciator further comprises an audible alarm. 11. The alerting device as recited in claim 10, wherein said audible alarm is selected from the group consisting of a bell, horn, electronic voice synthesizer, magnetic tape player, and combinations thereof. 12. The alerting device as recited in claim 11, further comprising an acknowledgement switch. 13. The alerting device as recited in claim 11, further comprising an adjustable deactivation timer. 14. The alerting device as recited in claim 1, wherein said power source is selected from the group consisting of a battery, solar cell, and combinations thereof. 15. The alerting device as recited in claim 14, wherein said at least two sensors, said logic controller, said annunciator, and said power source are an integral unit. 16. The alerting device as recited in claim 15, further comprising a battery test port and wherein said power source is a battery. 17. A method for reminding a person of a risk, comprising the steps of: a. Monitoring a predetermined space proximate to the risk with at least two sensors, wherein each sensor provides a signal dependent on the location of the person in said predetermined space; b. Receiving said signals by a logic controller, said logic controller providing an alert signal only when said at least two sensors detects the person exiting said predetermined space; and c. Receiving said alert signal by an annunciator proximate to said predetermined space, said annunciator comprising an illuminable sign displaying an alert message, said illuminable sign illuminated when said annunciator receives said alert signal to remind the person of the risk. 18. The method as recited in claim 17, wherein the risk is the possibility of loss of property. 19. The method as recited in claim 18, wherein the property is business information selected from the group consisting of sensitive, proprietary, confidential, trade secret, and classified. 20. The method as recited in claim 17, wherein the risk is the possibility of injury from an occupational hazard. 21. The method as recited in claim 17, wherein at least one of said at least two sensors is an infrared motion detector. 22. The method as recited in claim 17, wherein said annunciator further comprises an audible alarm. 