Disclosed is a sensor for sensing the presence of an analyte component without relying on redox mediators. This sensor includes (a) a plurality of conductive polymer strands each having at least a first end and a second end and each aligned in a substantially common orientation; (b) a plurality of molecular recognition headgroups having an affinity for the analyte component and being attached to the first ends of the conductive polymer strands; and (c) an electrode substrate attached to the conductive polymer strands at the second ends. The electrode substrate is capable of reporting to an electronic circuit reception of mobile charge carriers (electrons or holes) from the conductive polymer strands. The electrode substrate may be a photovoltaic diode. Also disclosed is method of forming a sensor capable of sensing the presence of an analyte component. This method includes (a) contacting a sensor substrate (e.g., a device element of a device on semiconductor chip) with a first medium containing mobile conductive polymer strands or precursors of the conductive polymer strands; (b) applying a first potential to the substrate sufficient to form a first structure having the conductive polymer strands affixed into the substrate; (c) contacting the sensor substrate, with affixed conductive polymer strands, with a second medium containing mobile molecular recognition headgroups; and (d) applying a second potential to the substrate sufficient to affix the molecular recognition headgroups to the affixed conductive polymer strands.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of sensing the presence of an analyte component in an analyte with a sensor including (i) a plurality of conductive polymer strands each having at least a first end and a second end and each aligned in a non random orientation, (ii) a plurality of molecular recognition headgroups having an affinity for said analyte component, being attached to said first ends of said conductive polymer strands, and participating in a redox reaction when contacting a molecule of said analyte component, and (iii) an electrode substrate attached to said conductive polymer strands at said second ends, the method comprising: contacting said molecular recognition headgroups with said analyte; and determining whether mobile charge carriers have been transferred to said electrode substrate resulting from mobile charge carriers generated by said redox reaction and transferred by said conductive polymer strands to said electrode substrate to thereby sense the presence of the analyte component, wherein when said redox reaction occurs at a headgroup, a mobile charge carrier is transferred directly to a conductive polymer strand attached to said headgroup, without redox reaction in the polymer strand. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: monitoring a change in an electronic circuit connected to said electrode substrate, said change resulting from reception of mobile charge carriers from said conductive polymer strands; and correlating said change in said electronic circuit with a concentration of the analyte component. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the plurality of conductive polymer strands are multi-stranded nucleic acid strands. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the plurality of conductive polymer strands are double-stranded DNA strands. 5. A method of sensing the presence of an analyte component in an analyte with a sensor including (i) a plurality of molecular recognition headgroups having an affinity for said analyte component, and participating in a redox reaction when contacting a molecule of said analyte component such that when said redox reaction occurs at a headgroup, a mobile charge carrier is generated, and (ii) a diode having a first electrode to which said plurality of molecular recognition headgroups are affixed such that mobile charge carriers generated by said redox reaction are transferred to said first electrode, the method comprising: contacting said molecular recognition headgroups with said analyte; specifying a baseline electrical signal that is present when (i) a stimulus is provided to said diode and (ii) said plurality of molecular recognition headgroups are substantially free of said analyte component; and detecting a deviation from said baseline electrical signal to thereby sense the presence of said analyte component, which deviation results from transfer of said mobile charge carriers to the first electrode when the analyte component comes in contact with the molecular recognition headgroups. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising: determining an amplitude of said deviation; and determining an analyte component concentration directly from the amplitude of said deviation without the use of any other information from the electrical signal. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the analyte component concentration is proportional to the amplitude of said deviation. 8. The method of claim 5, wherein the baseline electrical signal and the deviation from the baseline electrical signal are measures of voltage. 9. The method of claim 5, wherein the baseline electrical signal and the deviation from the baseline electrical signal are measures of electrical current. 10. The method of claim 5, wherein the plurality of molecular recognition headgroups are attached to the first electrode via a plurality of conductive polymer strands selected from the group consisting of multi-stranded nucleic acids, electron transport proteins, biopolymers, synthetic organic and inorganic conducting polymers, metal crystallite molecular wires, and Langmuir-Blodgett conducting films. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the plurality of conductive polymer strands are substantially commonly oriented. 12. The method of claim 5, wherein the diode is a photovoltaic diode and the stimulus provided in the specifying a baseline electrical signal is radiant energy. 13. A method of forming a sensor capable of sensing the presence of an analyte component, the method comprising: contacting a sensor substrate with a first medium containing mobile conductive polymer'strands or precursors of said conductive polymer strands; applying a first potential to said substrate sufficient to form a first structure having said conductive polymer strands affixed to said substrate; contacting said sensor substrate, with affixed conductive polymer strands, with a second medium containing mobile molecular recognition headgroups; and applying a second potential to said substrate sufficient to affix said molecular recognition headgroups to said affixed conductive polymer strands, whereby a sensor structure is formed having said substrate affixed to said conductive polymer strands and said molecular recognition headgroups also affixed to said conductive polymer strands. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the step of applying a first potential is performed at a potential which causes said affixed conductive polymer strands to be oriented in a non-random direction. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the first potential is between about 0.001 and 1500 mV. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of applying the first potential produces a current density at the substrate surface of between about 0.001 and 1500 .mu.A cm.sup.-2. 17. The method of claim 13, wherein the conductive polymer strands are multi-stranded nucleic acids. 18. The method of claim 13, wherein the step of applying a second potential is performed at a potential which causes said affixed molecular recognition headgroups to be oriented in a non-random direction. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the second potential is between about 0.001 and 1500 mV. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein the step of applying the first potential produces a current density at the substrate surface of between about 0.001 and 1500 .mu.A cm.sup.-2. 21. The method of claim 13, further comprising a step of removing the first medium from the sensor substrate following said step of applying a first potential. 22. The method of claim 13, wherein the second medium is obtained from the first medium by performing the step of applying a first potential. 23. The method of claim 13, wherein the step of applying a first potential to said substrate causes said precursors of said conductive polymer strands to polymerize and form said conductive polymer strands affixed to said substrate. 24. The method of claim 13, wherein the sensor substrate is a device element of a device on semiconductor chip. 25. The method of claim 13, further comprising a step of isolating a region of the sensor substrate prior to the step of contacting said sensor substrate with a second medium, such that the molecular recognition headgroups are deposited only in the isolated region. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein the steps of isolating a region, contacting said sensor substrate with a second medium, and applying a second potential to said substrate are performed a second time, and wherein the step of contacting the sensor substrate with a second medium employs a second medium with a second molecular recognition headgroup, to form a structure having a first region on said sensor substrate having a first group of chemically homogeneous molecular recognition headgroups and a second region on said sensor substrate having a second group of chemically homogeneous molecular recognition headgroups. 27. A sensor produced by the method of claim 13. 