A solar cell module in which a plurality of photovoltaic elements are installed such that they are electrically connected with each other, wherein an overvoltage preventive element is electrically connected to each photovoltaic element in parallel connection, and the overvoltage preventive element exhibits a one-way continuity and has a minimum operating voltage which is smaller than an open-circuit voltage of the photovoltaic element and is greater than an optimum operating voltage of the photovoltaic element. A sunlight power generation system comprises the solar cell module and an inverter.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell module in which a plurality of photovoltaic elements are installed in such a manner as to be electrically connected with each other, wherein an overvoltage preventive element is electrically connected to each of said photovoltaic elements in parallel connection, and said overvoltage preventive element exhibits a one-way continuity and has a minimum operating voltage which is smaller than an open-circuit voltage of and greater than an optimum operating voltage of a photovoltaic element to which said overvoltage preventive element is electrically connected. 2. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said overvoltage preventive element comprises a plurality of constituent elements which are connected in series and/or parallel connection. 3. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said overvoltage preventive element and a photovoltaic element are connected in parallel connection in a forward direction, and the minimum operating voltage of said overvoltage preventive element is a minimum operating voltage when a forward voltage is impressed to said overvoltage preventive element. 4. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said overvoltage preventive element comprises a plurality of constituent elements electrically connected with each other, and each of said plurality of constituent elements is connected to a photovoltaic element in parallel connection in a forward direction. 5. The solar cell module according to claim 4, wherein at least one of the constituent elements comprises a diode. 6. The solar cell module according to claim 5, wherein the constituent elements comprise a PN junction diode, a Schottky barrier diode or a combination of a PN junction diode or a Schottky barrier diode with a resistance element. 7. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said overvoltage preventive element and a photovoltaic element are connected in parallel connection in a reverse direction, and the minimum operating voltage of said overvoltage preventive element is a minimum operating voltage when a reverse voltage is impressed to said overvoltage preventive element. 8. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said overvoltage preventive element comprises a plurality of constituent elements electrically connected with each other, and each of said plurality of constituent elements is connected to a photovoltaic element in parallel connection in a reverse direction. 9. The solar cell module according to claim 8, wherein at least one of the constituent elements comprises a constant voltage diode. 10. The solar cell module according to claim 9, wherein the constituent elements comprise a constant voltage diode or a combination of a constant voltage diode with a resistance element. 11. The solar cell module according to claim 7, wherein said overvoltage preventive element has a current bypass function. 12. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein a photovoltaic element, said overvoltage preventive element and a current bypass element are electrically connected in parallel connection. 13. The solar cell module according to claim 12, wherein the current bypass element has at least a diode. 14. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein each of the photovoltaic elements has a photoelectric conversion layer comprising a semiconductor layer containing at least silicon atoms or germanium atoms. 15. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein each of the photovoltaic elements has a photoelectric conversion layer containing at least a single crystal silicon material. 16. A solar cell module in which a plurality of photovoltaic elements are installed in such a manner as to be electrically connected with each other, wherein an overvoltage preventive element is electrically connected to each of said photovoltaic elements in parallel connection, said overvoltage preventive element exhibits a one-way continuity, and said overvoltage preventive element comprises a plurality of constituent elements and a plurality of connection members electrically connected to said constituent elements such that one of two of the connection members which are adjacent to one of said constituent elements is connected to an upper side of said one constituent element and the other connection member is connected to a lower side of said one constituent element. 17. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein each of the connection members contains at least a component comprising one or more metals selected from the group consisting of Au, Ag, Cu, Pb, Sn and Ni. 18. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein said overvoltage preventive element and a photovoltaic element are connected in parallel connection in a forward direction, and said overvoltage preventive element has a minimum operating voltage when a forward voltage is impressed to said overvoltage preventive element, the minimum operating voltage of said overvoltage preventive element being smaller than an open-circuit voltage of and greater than an optimum operating voltage of the photovoltaic element to which said overvoltage preventive element is connected. 19. The solar cell module according to claim 16, wherein said overvoltage preventive element is connected to a photovoltaic element in parallel connection in a reverse direction, and said overvoltage preventive element has a minimum operating voltage when a reverse voltage is impressed to said overvoltage preventive element, the minimum operating voltage of said overvoltage preventive element being smaller than an open-circuit voltage of and greater than an optimum operating voltage of the photovoltaic element to which said overvoltage preventive element is connected. 20. A solar cell module in which a plurality of photovoltaic elements are installed in such a manner as to be electrically connected with each other, wherein an overvoltage preventive element is electrically connected to each of said photovoltaic elements in parallel connection, said overvoltage preventive element exhibits a one-way continuity, and said overvoltage preventive element comprises a plurality of constituent elements and a plurality of connection members electrically connected to said constituent elements, said connection members comprising upper connection members and lower connection members, said constituent elements being spacedly arranged in a common plane while being sandwiched and held between said upper connection members and said lower connection members such that one of said upper connection members is joined to an upper side of (a) one of the constituent elements, one of said lower connection members is joined to a lower side of said constituent element (a) and also to a lower side of (b) the constituent element which is adjacent to said constituent element (a), another upper connection member is joined to an upper side of said constituent element (b) and also to an upper side of (c) the constituent element which is adjacent to said constituent element (b), and one of the remaining lower connection members is joined to a lower side of said constituent element (c). 21. The solar cell module according to claim 20, wherein each of the connection members contains at least a component comprising one or more metals selected from the group consisting of Au, Ag, Cu, Pb, Sn and Ni. 22. The solar cell module according to claim 20, wherein said overvoltage preventive element and a photovoltaic element are connected in parallel connection in a forward direction, and said overvoltage preventive element has a minimum operating voltage when a forward voltage is impressed to said overvoltage preventive element, the minimum operating voltage of said overvoltage preventive element being smaller than an open-circuit voltage of and greater than an optimum operating voltage of the photovoltaic element to which said overvoltage preventive element is connected. 23. The solar cell module according to claim 20, wherein said overvoltage preventive element and a photovoltaic element are connected in parallel connection in a reverse direction, and said overvoltage preventive element has a minimum operating voltage when a reverse voltage is impressed to said overvoltage preventive element, the minimum operating voltage of said overvoltage preventive element being smaller than an open-circuit voltage of and greater than an optimum operating voltage of the photovoltaic element to which said overvoltage preventive element is connected. 24. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein a body comprising said plurality of photovoltaic elements each having said overvoltage preventive element is resin-sealed between at least two weatherable supporting members, said supporting members comprising a resin, a glass, a metal or a combination thereof. 25. The solar cell module according to claim 24, wherein at least one of said supporting members comprises a fluororesin. 26. The solar cell module according to claim 24, wherein one of said supporting members includes a metallic member which is provided at a back face of the resin-sealed body, said metallic member having a form corresponding to that of a roofing material. 27. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein a body comprising said plurality of photovoltaic elements each having said overvoltage preventive element is embedded in a support comprising a weatherable resin. 28. A sunlight power generation system comprising a solar cell module and a system interconnection inverter capable of reverse-flowing a direct-current output from said solar cell module into an alternate current system, said solar cell module comprising a plurality of photovoltaic elements electrically connected with each other, wherein an overvoltage preventive element is electrically connected to each of said photovoltaic elements in parallel connection, said overvoltage preventive element comprises a plurality of constituent elements, said overvoltage preventive element exhibits a one-way continuity and has a minimum operating voltage which is smaller than an open-circuit voltage of and greater than an optimum operating voltage of a photovoltaic element to which said overvoltage preventive element is connected. 29. A sunlight power generation system comprising a solar cell and a mechanism capable of parallel-coupling a direct current power from said solar cell module and a direct current power obtained from a commercial alternate current power supply system by way of rectification to supply to a load, said solar cell module comprising a plurality of photovoltaic elements electrically connected with each other, wherein an overvoltage preventive element is electrically connected to each of said photovoltaic elements in parallel connection, said overvoltage preventive element comprises a plurality of constituent elements, said overvoltage preventive element exhibits a one-way continuity and has a minimum operating voltage which is smaller than an open-circuit voltage of and greater than an optimum operating voltage of a photovoltaic element to which said overvoltage preventive element is connected. 30. The sunlight power generation system according to claim 29, wherein said load includes a variable frequency-variable voltage inverter and a power load. 