An illuminated bicycle frame apparatus for increasing the visibility of a bicycle frame. The illuminated bicycle frame apparatus includes a bike frame. The bike frame is generally hollow and generally translucent. An illumination system includes a plurality of lights mounted in the frame. A power source powers the plurality of lights. The power source is operationally coupled to each of the plurality of lights. The power source is a plurality of solar panels mounted on the bike frame.
Claims I claim: 1. An illuminated bicycle frame apparatus, said apparatus comprising: a bike frame comprising a plurality of tubes having generally hollow interiors, said tubes each having a perimeter wall with an interior surface, the perimeter walls of said tubes of said bike frame being generally translucent; an illumination system comprising; a plurality of light emitting members mounted in said frame and each comprising a fiber optic cable; wherein the interior surface of said peripheral walls of at least one of said tubes having at least one fiber optic cable receiving corridor formed therein and extending in a longitudinal direction of said at least one tube, said at least one fiber optic receiving corridor having one of said fiber optic cables positioned therein. 2. The illuminated bicycle frame apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said bike frame has a distal portion and a proximal portion, said bike frame including a handle bar being rotatably coupled to said proximal portion, said bike frame having a seat mounting bar being positioned generally between said proximal portion and said distal portion. 3. The illuminated bicycle frame apparatus as in claim 2, wherein said illumination system includes a fiber optic cable illumination system comprising; a fiber optic light canal having a front side and a back side; a housing for holding said fiber optic light canal, said housing having a bore therethrough for passage of said handle bar, said fiber optic light canal being generally positioned in said bore; a light source being mounted in said back side of said fiber optic light canal such that said light is directed toward said front side of said fiber optic light canal; and wherein each of said fiber optic cables has opposite ends, a first of said ends being positioned in said light canal. 4. The illuminated bicycle frame apparatus as in claim 1, additionally comprising a power source for powering said illumination system, said power source being operationally coupled to each of said plurality of light emitting members, said power source comprising a plurality of solar panels mounted on said bike frame. 5. The illuminated bicycle frame apparatus as in claim 3, further comprising: an actuating means for turning said light source on and off, said actuating means being mounted in a surface of said housing, said actuating means being operationally coupled to said light source. 6. The illuminated bicycle frame apparatus as in claim 5, further comprising: a second power source for powering said illumination system, said second power source being operationally coupled to said actuating means, said second power source being a battery, said battery being mounted in said housing. 7. The illuminated bicycle frame apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said at least one corridor has longitudinal grooves formed therein for dispersing light from said at least one corridor. 8. The illuminated bicycle frame apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said at least one tube has four of said corridors formed therein. 9. The illuminated bicycle frame apparatus as in claim 8, wherein said four corridors are substantially equally spaced on the interior surface of said perimeter wall. 10. The illuminated bicycle frame apparatus as in claim 1, wherein each of said corridors has an opening into the interior of said tube, and wherein the opening is defined by a pair of spaced edges on the interior surface of said tube, and wherein a distance between said spaced edges is less than a diameter of said fiber optic cable such that a fiber optic cable positioned in said corridor is prevented from moving into the interior of said tube. 11. The illuminated bicycle frame apparatus as in claim 1, wherein the perimeter walls of said tubes of said bike frame comprise a rigid plastic material. 12. An illuminated bicycle frame apparatus comprising a bike frame comprising a plurality of tubes having generally hollow interiors, said tubes each having a perimeter wall with an interior surface, the perimeter walls of said tubes of said bike frame being generally translucent; an illumination system comprising; a plurality of light emitting members mounted in said frame and each comprising a fiber optic cable; wherein the interior surface of said peripheral walls of at least one of said tubes having at least one fiber optic cable receiving corridor formed therein and extending in a longitudinal direction of said at least one tube, said at least one fiber optic receiving corridor having one of said fiber optic cables positioned therein; wherein said at least one corridor has longitudinal grooves formed therein for dispersing light from said at least one corridor. wherein said at least one tube has four of said corridors formed therein; wherein said four corridors are substantially equally spaced on the interior surface of said perimeter wall; wherein each of said corridors has an opening into the interior of said tube, and wherein the opening is defined by a pair of spaced edges on the interior surface of said tube, and wherein a distance between said spaced edges is less than a diameter of said fiber optic cable such that a fiber optic cable positioned in said corridor is prevented from moving into the interior of said tube; and wherein the perimeter walls of said tubes of said bike frame comprise a rigid plastic material. 13. The illuminated bicycle frame apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said bike frame has a distal portion and a proximal portion, said bike frame including a handle bar being rotatably coupled to said proximal position, said bike frame having a seat mounting bar being positioned generally between said proximal portion and said distal portion. 14. The illuminated bicycle frame apparatus as in claim 13 wherein said illumination system includes a fiber optic cable illumination system comprising: a fiber optic light canal having a front side and a back side; a housing for holding said fiber optic light canal, said housing having a bore therethrough for passage of said handle bar, said fiber optic light canal being generally positioned in said bore; a light source being mounted in said back side of said fiber optic light canal such that said light is directed toward said front side of said fiber optic light canal; and wherein each of said fiber optic cables has opposite ends, a first of said ends being positioned in said light canal. 15. The illuminated bicycle frame apparatus as in claim 14 additionally comprising a power source for powering said illumination system, said power source being operationally coupled to each of said plurality of light emitting members, said power source comprising a plurality of solar panels mounted on said bike frame. 16. The illuminated bicycle frame apparatus as in claim 15 additionally comprising an actuating means for turning said light source on and off, said actuating means being mounted in a surface of said housing, said actuating means being operationally coupled to said light source. 17. The illuminated bicycle frame apparatus as in claim 16 additionally comprising a second power source for powering said illumination system, said second power source being operationally coupled to said actuating means, said second power source being a battery, said battery being mounted in said housing. 