A solar module (10) for mounting on motor vehicles, which is provided with a top cover layer (12) and a bottom cover layer (14), between which a solar generator (18) is embedded which has a plurality of electrically interconnected solar cells (20), and with two electrical connections (28, 30) on a connection side for tapping of the solar current generated by the solar generator. There are connections (28, 30) on a connection socket (26) which is located on one side of the solar module (10), and of which the side (32) facing away from the connection side is embedded in a sealed manner between the two cover layers (12, 24).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A flexible solar module for mounting on vehicles, comprising a top cover layer, a bottom cover layer, a solar generator, embedded in an embedding material located between the top and bottom cover layers, which has a plurality of electrically interconnected solar cells, and two electrical connections for tapping of solar current generated by the solar generator, the connections having a connection socket which is located on a side of the solar module; wherein a part of the connection socket facing away from the connection side is embedded in a sealed manner in the embedding material between the two cover layers. 2. Solar module as claimed in claim 1, wherein the cover layers are protective films. 3. Solar module as claimed in claim 2, wherein the solar generator and the part of the connection socket which faces away from the connection side are sealed in between the protective films. 4. Solar module as claimed in claim 3, wherein the protective films are weather-resistant, saltwater-proof and resistant to UV light. 5. Solar module as claimed in claim 4, wherein the solar module is configured for attachment on an arched outside surface of a motor vehicle. 6. Solar module as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar module is configured for attachment on one of a camper, van, and boat. 7. Solar module as claimed in claim 6, wherein the solar module is made for powering of vehicle power consuming accessories. 8. Solar module as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar module is detachably mountable on motor vehicles. 9. Solar module as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar module is able to be walked upon. 10. Solar module as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar module is at most 5 mm thick. 11. Solar module as claimed in claim 1, wherein the connections are oriented parallel to a major plane of the module. 12. Solar module as claimed in claim 11, wherein the connections are arranged such that they are located in a horizontal plane which is parallel to the major plane. 13. Solar module as claimed in claim 1, wherein phase or bypass diodes are integrated into the connection socket. 14. Solar module as claimed in claim 1, wherein the connection socket receives a correspondingly shaped plug of an electrical connection line and forms a watertight electrical connection between the solar generator and the connection line. 15. Solar module as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar cells are arranged in parallel connected groups of solar cells which are each series connected, two collective connectors being provided for the groups and each connection of the connection socket being electrically connected to one of the collective connectors. 16. Solar module as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar module is configured for being located on a vehicle roof part. 17. Process for producing a flexible solar module for mounting on vehicles having a solar generator with a plurality of electrically interconnected solar cells embedded between the top and bottom cover layers and electrically connected to two connections on a connection socket having a connection side for tapping of solar current generated by the solar generator, comprising the steps of providing top and bottom cover layers that are flexible; disposing a solar generator between the flexible top and bottom cover layers; and embedding a part of the connection socket which faces away from the connection side in a sealed manner within an embedding material which is inserted between the top and bottom cover layers. 