An inverter includes a first switch to disconnect an output of the inverter from any device connected thereto; a second switch to disconnect and connect an input of the inverter from direct current fed to the inverter; a discharge device to discharge any residual charge on a large capacitor; a voltage sensor to measure input DC voltage to the inverter; a current sensor to measure input DC current to the inverter; and a data recorder to provide a current voltage trace to provide a current-voltage curve tracer to provide current-voltage curve data that may then be used to calibrate a maximum power point tracker or alternatively sense array shading.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of operating an inverter for converting direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) comprising: (a) measuring input DC voltage to the inverter; (b) measuring input DC current to the inverter; (c) measuring output AC voltage from the inverter; (d) measuring output AC current; and (e) determining solar insolation. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising: (a) operating the inverter at a maximum power point; (b) calculating, from the input DC voltage and the input DC current, input power to the inverter; and (c) calculating, from the input power to the inverter, a solar insolation value. 3. The method of claim 2 further comprising: (a) calculating output power from the inverter; and (b) calculating operating efficiency of the inverter. 4. The method of claim 1 further comprising calculating harmonic distortion of an output signal of the inverter. 5. The method of claim 1 further comprising: (a) determining the maximum power point of the inverter; (b) determining the temperature of a solar cell; and (c) calculating solar insolation. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprising: (a) storing a plurality of maximum power point data for a plurality of respective current-voltage curves; (b) determining temperature of the solar cell to provide temperature data; and (c) determining a solar insolation value from the determined temperature data and a selected one of the plurality of maximum power point data. 7. The method of claim 1 further comprising: (a) storing a plurality of maximum power point data for a plurality of respective current-voltage curves; (b) determining insolation with a sensor; and (c) obtaining a cell temperature from the insolation and a selected one of the plurality of maximum power point data. 8. The method of claim 1 further comprising: (a) measuring wind speed about a photovoltaic power system to which the inverter is coupled; (b) measuring ambient temperature about the photovoltaic power system; and (c) measuring module temperature of the inverter. 9. A method for measuring parameters of a photovoltaic array by operating an inverter having an input and an output, the method comprising: (a) disconnecting the output of the inverter from any device connected thereto; (b) disconnecting the input of the inverter from a direct current fed to the inverter; (c) discharging residual charge on a capacitor; (d) connecting the input of the direct current across a capacitor; (e) measuring input DC voltage to the inverter; (f) measuring input DC current to the inverter; and providing current voltage data indicative of the parameters of the photovoltaic array. 10. The method of claim 9 further comprising: (a) repeating the steps of: (i) disconnecting an output of the inverter from any device connected thereto; (ii) disconnecting an input of the direct current fed to the inverter; (iii) discharging any residual charge on a large fully discharged capacitor; (iv) connecting the input of the direct current across a large fully discharged capacitor; (v) measuring input DC voltage to the inverter; (vi) measuring input DC current to the inverter; and (vii) calculating a current voltage trace to provide a current-voltage curve tracer; and (b) comparing current measurements with prior measurements to deduce solar array degradation. 11. The method of claim 9 further comprising: (a) repeating the steps of: (i) disconnecting an output of the inverter from any device connected thereto; (ii) disconnecting an input of the direct current fed to the inverter; (iii) discharging any residual charge on a capacitor; (iv) connecting the input of the direct current across a capacitor; (v) measuring input DC voltage to the inverter; (vi) measuring input DC current to the inverter; and (vii) providing a current voltage trace to provide a current-voltage curve tracer; and (b) comparing current measurements with known measurements to ensure proper insolation measurements. 12. The method of claim 9 further comprising: (a) repeating the steps of: (i) disconnecting an output of the inverter from any device connected thereto; (ii) disconnecting an input of the direct current fed to the inverter; (iii) discharging any residual charge on a capacitor; (iv) connecting the input of the direct current across a capacitor; (v) measuring input DC voltage to the inverter; (vi) measuring input DC current to the inverter; and (vii) providing a current voltage trace to provide a current-voltage curve tracer; and (b) comparing current measurements with known measurements and calibrating a maximum power point tracker using current measurements. 13. An inverter comprising: (a) a first switch coupled between an output of the inverter and a device connected to the output of the inverter, said first switch; (b) a second switch for disconnecting an input of the direct current fed to the inverter; (c) a discharge circuit coupled to a capacitor; (d) means for connecting the input of the direct current across the large fully discharged capacitor; (e) a voltage sensor coupled to the input of the inverter, said voltage sensor for measuring input DC voltage to the inverter; and (f) a current sensor coupled to the input of said inverter, said current sensor for measuring input DC current to the inverter. 14. The inverter as recited in claim 13 further comprising means for providing a current voltage trace to provide a current-voltage curve tracer. 15. The inverter as recited in claim 13 further comprising: (a) means for comparing current measurements with known measurements to ensure proper insolation measurements. 16. The inverter of claim 13 further comprising a comparator for comparing current measurements with known measurements and calibrating a maximum power point tracker using up to date measurements. 17. The method of claim 1, wherein the inverter is coupled to a PV module and the method further comprises measuring temperature of the PV module. 