A reliable, long lasting solar battery system capable of collecting and storing long-term data on charge and discharge is provided. The system includes a solar battery having a charge control means, and a storage battery, wherein the charging volume of the storage battery is detected by a charge quantity detecting means. Further, a discharge quantity of the storage battery is detected by a discharge quantity 3c. The detected analog signal is sent through an external interface means to an operation and decision means. An operation and decision means controls a discharge quantity control device, wherein the detected signal, as well as other signals, are processed, together with appropriate various command signals sent by a storage means in accordance with a load or loads, and are outputted to a discharge control means. Further, data on present and past command signals, including the result of past control, are stored in order of time into the storage means. A control signal for controlling the output discharge quantity controls the discharge output means in accordance with the charge quantity of the discharge control means, and the discharge output means supplies the needed electric power to a load.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar battery system in which the electric energy generated by a solar battery is stored in a storage battery, which is supplied to a load or loads, comprising: a solar battery which generates a charge quantity; a storage battery which receives an input charge quantity from the solar battery; a charge quantity detecting means for detecting the input charge quantity inputted into the storage battery; a discharge quantity detecting means for detecting an output discharge quantity of electric energy discharged from the storage battery; a storage means in which long-term data concerning charge and discharge quantity of the storage battery detected by the charge quantity detecting means and the discharge quantity detecting means is stored; and a discharge quantity control means for controlling an output discharge quantity based on data concerning charge and discharge quantity stored in the storage means. 2. The solar battery system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar battery system further comprises an output means for outputting information concerning maintenance or alarm in accordance with data concerning charge and discharge quantity stored in the storage means. 3. The solar battery system of claim 1, wherein the charge quantity detecting means is a charging voltage detecting means for detecting the charging voltage of the storage battery. 4. The solar battery system of claim 1, wherein the charge quantity detecting means is an accumulated charged electric energy detecting means for detecting the accumulated charged electric energy charged into the storage battery. 5. The solar battery system of claim 1, wherein the charge quantity detecting means is a monitoring condenser charging voltage detecting means for detecting the charging voltage of a monitoring condenser connected in parallel with the storage battery. 6. The solar battery system of claim 1, wherein the discharge quantity control means controls the output discharge quantity to the load or loads by pulse width modulation control, time control, output voltage control or output current control of the output to the load or loads. 7. The solar battery system of claim 3, wherein the discharge quantity control means controls the output discharge quantity to the load or loads by pulse width modulation control, time control, output voltage control or output current control of the output to the load or loads. 8. The solar battery system of claim 4, wherein the discharge quantity control means controls the output discharge quantity to the load or loads by pulse width modulation control, time control, output voltage control or output current control of the output to the load or loads. 9. The solar battery system of claim 5, wherein the discharge quantity control means controls the output discharge quantity to the load or loads by pulse width modulation control, time control, output voltage control or output current control of the output to the load or loads. 10. The solar battery system of claim 1, wherein the solar battery comprises a plurality of solar battery panels disposed perpendicularly to a surface of installation of the system. 11. The solar battery system of claim 3, wherein the solar battery comprises a plurality of solar battery panels disposed perpendicularly to a surface of installation of the system. 12. The solar battery system of claim 4, wherein the solar battery comprises a plurality of solar battery panels disposed perpendicularly to a surface of installation of the system. 13. The solar battery system of claim 5, wherein the solar battery comprises a plurality of solar battery panels disposed perpendicularly to surface of installation of the system. 14. The solar battery system of claim 6, wherein the solar battery comprises a plurality of solar battery panels disposed perpendicularly to a surface of installation of the system. 15. The solar battery system of claim 2, wherein the solar battery comprises a plurality of solar battery panels disposed perpendicularly to a surface of installation of the system. 