In a manufacturing method of a solar cell arrangement, a p-n junction is formed in semiconductor material which is then separated to give a main body and an off-cut. The off-cut is connected in reverse parallel across the main body so as to act as a protection diode for a solar cell which comprises that main body. The off-cut protection diode may be placed adjacent the main body or may alternatively be mounted on the front or rear of the solar cell.
Claims We claim: 1. A method of manufacturing a solar cell arrangement including steps of: forming a p-n junction in semiconductor material; separating said semiconductor material along a plane across said p-n junction to give an off-cut and a main body with the off-cut spaced away from the main body; electrically connecting said off-cut in reverse parallel across a main body such that said off-cut forms a protection diode for a solar cell comprising that main body; and providing first and second electrically conductive contacts on the front and rear surfaces respectively of the semiconductor material. 2. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein said off-cut is electrically connected to the main body from which it was separated. 3. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein said off-cut is electrically connected to a main body formed when a different off-cut was separated from it. 4. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein at least one of said first and second electrically conductive contacts is provided before the semiconductor material is separated. 5. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein said semiconductor material is separated by cutting it. 6. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein the semiconductor material is substantially rectangular in plan view prior to being separated and the off-cut is triangular in plan view. 7. A method as claimed in claim 1 and including the step of mounting said off-cut on one of the front and back of said solar cell. 8. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein said diode is mounted on the side of the solar cell. 9. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein the semiconductor material is GaAs. 10. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein the solar cell is a cascade solar cell. 11. A method as claimed in claim 1 and including the step of mounting a coverglass on said solar cell. 12. A method as claimed in claim 11 wherein the coverglass covers said diode. 13. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein said semiconductor material is separated by cutting it and including mounting a coverglass on sad solar cell which coverglass covers said diode. 14. A method as claimed in claim 13 wherein the semiconductor material is substantially rectangular in plan view prior to being separated and the off-cut is triangular in plan view. 15. A method as claimed in claim 14 wherein said diode is mounted on the side of the solar cell. 16. A method as claimed in claim 1 used to manufacture a plurality of solar cell arrangements, and including the step of connecting said arrangements an array. 17. A solar cell arrangement manufactured in accordance with a method which includes the steps of: forming a p-n junction in semiconductor material; separating said semiconductor material along a plane across said p-n junction to give an off-cut and a main body with the off-cut spaced away from the main body; electrically connecting said off-cut in reverse parallel across a main body such that said off-cut forms a protection diode for a solar cell comprising that main body; and providing first and second electrically conductive contact on the front and rear surfaces respectively of the semiconductor material. 