An apparatus and method are disclosed by which the temperature of an enclosure can be prevented from reaching extremely high or extremely low points. The enclosure provides a functional area whose temperature is adjusted by heated or cooled water contained within a water container which is located above the functional area and below the ceiling of the enclosure. The water in the water container is heated or cooled, depending on the desired effect, by exposing the water to atmospheric conditions while passing through a radiator/absorber located on the roof of the enclosure. The radiator/absorber has an inclined configuration, with higher and lower ends. The water passes from the water container to the radiator/absorber and back again to the water container through a pair of conduits. A warm water conduit runs between one end of the water container and the higher end of the radiator/absorber, while a cold water conduit runs between the other end of the water container and the lower end of the radiator/absorber. The water will passively travel from the water container to the radiator/absorber during warm weather by creating a thermal siphon at night. A pump is attached to the cold water conduit and used to circulate water in cold weather when heating is desired.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for using water to control the internal temperature of an enclosure having a roof exposed to the atmosphere and an enclosed functional area, said apparatus comprising: a container for water located within the enclosure and having opposite ends; a generally flat hollow inclined radiator/absorber proximate and exterior to the enclosure having a higher end and a lower end, said radiator/absorber having a surface exposed to the atmosphere; a pair of conduits including a warm water conduit between one end of the container and the higher end of the radiator/absorber and a cold water conduit between the other end of the container to proximate the lower end of the radiator/absorber; and a pump operatively connected with the cold water conduit, whereby the container, radiator/absorber, and conduits can be completely filled with water when cooling is desired so that the water will thermal siphon through the radiator/absorber to provide cooling at night, and whereby the container, radiator/absorber, and conduits can be partially filled with water when heating is desired and the pump actuated during periods of sunshine to provide solar heating. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the water includes anti-freeze or refrigerant to prevent overheating or freezing as the water is exposed to the atmospheric conditions in the radiator/absorber. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the container for water comprises a plurality of water tubes which are aligned parallel to each other. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein the water tubes each comprise a thin wall PVC pipe. 5. The apparatus of claim 3 and additionally comprising a first set of two separate headers extending the lateral extent of the water container and located on opposite sides of the water container above the functional area of the enclosure, said set including a first cold water header connected to the cold water conduit and a first warm water header connected to the warm water conduit. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein the plurality of water tubes are connected on each end to the header corresponding to that end of the water tubes by a small tube. 7. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein the header in contact with the cold water conduit is lower in height than the header in contact with the warm water conduit. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the plurality of water tubes connected to the first cold water header are connected to the water tubes near the bottom of the lateral ends of the water tubes, and wherein the plurality of water tubes connected to the first warm water header are connected to the water tubes near the top of the lateral ends of the plurality of water tubes. 9. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein the small tubes which connect the plurality of water tubes to the separate headers include short rubber insert fittings which at low pressure are self sealing and allow motion without leaking. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 and additionally comprising a second set of warm and cold water headers extending the length of the radiator/absorber, wherein the second warm water header is located above the radiator/absorber and the second cold water header is located below the radiator/absorber, and wherein the cold water conduit and warm water conduit are each in contact with the respective cold and warm water headers. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 wherein the plurality of radiator/absorber is connected at its upper and lower ends to the second set of headers by a plurality of small tubes. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein the small tubes which connect the radiator/absorber to the two headers of the second set contain short rubber insert fittings which at low pressure are self sealing and allow motion without leaking. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the radiator/absorber is composed of a plurality of panels which can be rotated at least 180 degrees. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein one side of each of the panels is covered in flat white paint to reflect any incident light. 15. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein the other side of each of the panels is covered by a black selective surface to facilitate the absorption of solar energy. 16. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the radiator/absorber comprises a hollow sheet of flexible material having a multiple aligned interior flow paths extending between the higher and lower ends of the radiator/absorber. 17. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein the flexible material is polypropylene. 18. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising an expansion tank connected to the upper end of the radiator/absorber to allow for proper adjustments of the water level within the water container, radiator/absorber, and conduits. 19. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of operable shutters located between the water container and the functional area of the enclosure to selectively block excess radiant heat from the water container when more heat has been stored then is immediately required. 20. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein the shutters are constructed of rotatable unpainted aluminum panels. 21. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a photovoltaic panel connected and providing power when desired to the pump. 22. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the enclosure is designed for human habitation. 23. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the enclosure is designed for occupation by animals and/or equipment. 24. A method for using different quantities of water to control the internal temperature of an enclosure having a roof exposed to the atmosphere and having an enclosed functional area, said method comprising: securing a water container having opposite ends above the functional area of the enclosure; installing a generally flat hollow radiator/absorber in an inclined configuration with a higher end and a lower end proximate and exterior to the enclosure, said radiator/absorber having an exposed surface adapted to radiate heat into the atmosphere and absorb heat from the sun; connecting one end of the water container to the high end of the radiator/absorber with a warm water conduit and connecting the opposite end the water container to the low end of the radiator/absorber with a cold water conduit; filling the water container, radiator/absorber, and conduits completely with water when cooling is desired so that the water will thermal siphon through the radiator/absorber to provide cooling at night; operatively connecting a pump with the cold water conduit; and filling the water container, radiator/absorber, and conduits partially with water when heating is desired and actuating the pump during periods of sunshine to provide solar heating. 25. The method of claim 24 and further comprising the step of adding anti-freeze or refrigerant to the water to prevent overheating or overcooling of the water as it is exposed to the atmospheric conditions in the radiator/absorber. 26. The method of claim 24 and additionally comprising the step of extending the cold water conduit and the warm water conduit into operable contact with respective cold water and warm water container headers each extending the lateral extent of the water container and located on opposite sides of the water container above the functional area of the enclosure. 27. The method of claim 26 and further including the step of connecting the ends of the water container to the respective container headers. 28. The method step of claim 27 and additionally comprising the step of operationally connecting the cold water container header with the bottom of the end of the water container, and operationally connecting the warm water container header with the top of the end of the water container. 29. The method of claim 26 and further comprising the step of mounting the cold water container header so that it is lower in height than the warm water container header. 30. The method of claim 24 further comprising the step of coating one side of the with flat white paint to promote the radiation of heat into the atmosphere, and covering the other side of the radiator/absorber with a black selective surface to increase the heat absorbed by the panels from the sun, and rotating the radiator/absorber so that the flat white paint side is exposed to the atmosphere during the summer, and the black selective surface side is exposed to the atmosphere during winter. 31. The method of claim 24 further comprising the step of installing an expansion tank connected by a third conduit to the upper end of the radiator/absorber to maintain the water level within the water container, radiator/absorber, and conduits above the level of the radiator. 32. The method of claim 24 further comprising the step of installing a plurality of operable shutters between the water container and the functional area of the enclosure to block excess radiant heat from the water container when more heat has been stored than is immediately required. 33. Apparatus using different quantities of water to control the internal temperature of an enclosure having a roof exposed to the atmosphere and an enclosed functional area with an overhead ceiling, said apparatus comprising: a plurality of water tubes aligned parallel to each other and having opposite lateral ends located above the functional area of the enclosure; a generally flat hollow inclined radiator/absorber proximate and exterior to the enclosure composed of a plurality of panels with a higher end and a lower end; a pair of conduits including a warm water conduit and a cold water conduit each having a header on both ends, said warm water conduit having one header proximate the higher lateral ends of the water tubes and having the other header proximate the higher end of the radiator/absorber, said cold water conduit having one header proximate the lower and opposite lateral ends of the water tubes and having the other header proximate the lower end of the radiator/absorber; a pump operatively connected with the cold water conduit; a plurality of operable shutters located between the water tubes and the functional area of the enclosure to selectively block excess radiant heat from the water tubes when more heat has been stored than needs to be used immediately; and an adjustable amount of water contained within the water tubes, headers, conduits, and radiator/absorber and flowing either by thermosiphon or actuation of the pump through the water tubes, headers, conduits, and radiator/absorber. 34. The apparatus of claim 33 wherein the radiator/absorber panels are rotatable to expose opposite sides, and wherein said panels are coated with flat white paint on one side and have a selective black surface on the other side. 35. The apparatus of claim 33 wherein the water includes anti-freeze or refrigerant to prevent overheating or overcooling as the water is exposed to atmospheric conditions in the radiator/absorber. 36. The apparatus of claim 33 wherein the plurality of water tubes are connected on each end to the header corresponding to that end of the water tubes of the water tubes by small tubes. 37. The apparatus of claim 36 wherein the small tubes which connect the plurality of water tubes to the separate headers contain short rubber insert fittings which at low pressure are self sealing and allow motion without leaking. 38. The apparatus of claim 36 wherein the plurality of radiator/absorber panels are connected on their upper and lower ends to the proximate header by small tubes. 39. The apparatus of claim 38 wherein the small tubes which connect the radiator/absorber panels and the proximate headers contain short rubber insert fittings which at low pressure are self sealing and allow motion without leaking. 40. The apparatus of claim 33 further comprising an expansion tank connected by a third conduit to the upper end of the radiator/absorber. 41. Apparatus using different quantities of water to control the internal temperature of an enclosure having a roof to expose to the atmosphere and an enclosed functional area, said apparatus comprising: a plurality of water tubes aligned parallel to each other and having opposite lateral ends located above the functional area of the enclosure; a flexible sheet proximate an exterior to the enclosure mounted in an inclined configuration with a higher end and a lower end and having a plurality of interior flow paths extending from the higher end to the lower end of the sheet; a pair of conduits including a warm water conduit between one end of the water tubes and the higher end of the flexible sheet and a cold water conduit between the other end of the water tubes and the lower end of the flexible sheet; a pump operably connected with the cold water conduit; and a quantity of water filling the water tubes, conduits and the channels within the flexible sheet when cooling is desired so that the water will thermal siphon through the flexible sheet to provide cooling at night, and whereby the container, conduits and flexible sheet are partially filled with water when heating is desired and the pump actuated during period of sunshine to provide solar heating. 42. The apparatus of claim 41 wherein the flexible sheet is constructed from polypropylene. 43. A method using different quantities of water for controlling the internal temperature of an enclosure having a roof exposed to the atmosphere and having an enclosed functional area, said method comprising; exposing the water contained within an upward facing radiator/absorber located on the roof of the enclosure to atmospheric conditions which will cool the water on summer nights and heat the water on winter days; allowing the water to return to the water tubes which are located above the functional area of the enclosure and below the ceiling of the enclosure so the heated or cooled water can radiate heat or cool into the functional area of the enclosure; filling the water tubes, radiator/absorber, and conduits completely with water when cooling is desired; cooling the water which is used to cool the functional area within the enclosure by allowing the water to thermosiphon through the radiator/absorber at night to release the heat absorbed by the water during the day; filling the water tubes, radiator/absorber, and conduits partially with water when heating is desired to prevent thermal siphoning which would lead to cooling; and heating the water used to heat the functional area of the enclosure by pumping the water through the radiator/absorber during the day and allowing the water to absorb heat from the sun. 44. A method for controlling the internal temperature of an enclosure having a roof exposed to the atmosphere and having an enclosed functional area with an overhead ceiling utilizing different quantities of water, said method comprising; exposing the water contained within an upward facing radiator/absorber located on the roof of the enclosure to atmospheric conditions which will cool the water on summer nights and heat the water on winter days; allowing the water to return to the water tubes which are located above the functional area of the enclosure and below the ceiling of the enclosure so the heated or cooled water can radiate heat or cool into the functional area of the enclosure; filling the water tubes, radiator/absorber, and conduits completely with water when cooling is desired; cooling the water which is used to cool the functional area of the enclosure by allowing the water the thermosiphon through the radiator/absorber at night to release the heat absorbed by the water during the day; filling the water tubes, radiator/absorber, and conduits partially with water when heating is desired to prevent thermosiphoning which could lead to cooling; heating the water used to heat the functional area of the enclosure by pumping the water through the radiator/absorber during the day and allowing the water to absorb heat from the sun; and controlling the amount of heat radiated by the water tubes into the functional area of the enclosure by opening and closing a plurality of operable shutters located between the functional area of the enclosure and the water tubes. 