A illuminated memorial assembly for providing a substantially continual illumination at a memorial site. The illuminated memorial assembly includes a housing. The housing has a bottom portion and a top portion. A plurality of connecting rods connects the top portion to the bottom portion in a spaced relationship. Each of the rods is elongate and has a first end and a second end. Each of the first ends is coupled to the top portion, and each of the second ends is removably coupled to the bottom portion. A light assembly includes a light bulb. The light bulb is mounted in a light socket, which is mounted on a top surface of the bottom portion. A power source comprises a battery. The battery is mounted in the bottom portion and is operationally coupled to the light socket.
Claims We claim: 1. An illuminated memorial assembly, said assembly comprising: a housing comprising; a bottom portion; a top portion; a plurality of connecting rods for connecting said top portion to said bottom portion in a spaced relationship, each of said rods being elongate and having a first end and a second end, each of said first ends being coupled to said top portion, each of said second ends removably coupled to said bottom portion; a light assembly comprising: a light being mounted in a light socket, said light socket being mounted on a top surface of said bottom portion; and a power source comprising a battery, said power source being operationally coupled to said light socket; a mounting means for mounting said housing, said mounting means comprising a bracket including an elongate member and a first leg and a second leg connected to said elongate member, each of said legs being coupled to one of said top and bottom portions such that said elongate member is oriented generally parallel to said connector rods, said elongate member having an outside surface positioned opposite of said housing, said outside surface having an adhesive material thereon for fastened said bracket to a surface. 2. The illuminated memorial assembly as in claim 1, further comprising: a middle portion, said middle portion having a generally cylindrical shape, said middle portion having a diameter such that said middle portion may be positioned on said bottom portion such that said connecting rods are positioned outside of said middle portion, said middle portion comprising a generally translucent material. 3. The illuminated memorial assembly as in claim 1, wherein said bottom portion has a bottom wall, said bottom wall having a peripheral edge, a peripheral wall extending upwardly from and integrally coupled to said peripheral edge of said bottom wall, said peripheral wall having a top edge, said top edge having bores therein for receiving said second ends of said connecting rods, said battery being housed in said bottom wall. 4. The illuminated memorial assembly as in claim 3, wherein said top portion has a generally domed shape, said top portion having an external surface, said top portion having an apex having a nub thereon, said nub having an aperture therein, said top portion having a free edge having a diameter substantially equal to a diameter of said top edge of said bottom portion; and an ornament for positioning in said aperture of said top portion, said ornament having a post integrally coupled thereto, said post being removably insertable in said aperture. 5. The illuminated memorial assembly as in claim 1, further comprising: a mounting means for mounting said housing, said mounting comprising an elongate member for positioning said housing over a ground surface, said elongate member having a first end and a second end, said first end being generally pointed, said second end being coupled to a bottom surface of said bottom portion. 6. The illuminated memorial assembly as in claim 2, further comprising: a mounting means for mounting said housing, said mounting comprising an elongate member for positioning said housing over a ground surface, said elongate member having a first end and a second end, said first end being generally pointed, said second end being coupled to a bottom surface of said bottom portion. 7. An illuminated memorial assembly comprising: a housing comprising; a bottom portion; a top portion; a plurality of connecting rods for connecting said top portion to said bottom portion in a spaced relationship, each of said rods being elongate and having a first end and a second end, each of said first ends being coupled to said top portion, each of said second ends removably coupled to said bottom portion; a light assembly comprising: a light being mounted in a light socket, said light socket being mounted on a top surface of said bottom portion; and a power source comprising a battery operationally coupled to said light socket; a middle portion having a generally cylindrical shape, said middle portion having a diameter such that said middle portion may be positioned on said bottom portion such that said connecting rods are positioned outside of said middle portion, said middle portion comprising a generally translucent material; and a mounting means for mounting said housing, said mounting means comprising a bracket, said bracket comprising first leg and a second leg integrally combined together by an elongate member, each of said legs being coupled to one of said top and bottom portions such that said elongate member is orientated generally parallel to said connector rods, said elongate member having an outside surface positioned opposite of said housing, said outside surface having an adhesive material thereon, wherein said bracket may be fastened to a surface. 8. The illuminated memorial assembly as in claim 1, wherein said light assembly further comprises a rechargeable battery; and said light assembly further comprises a plurality of solar panels, each of said solar panels being fixedly coupled to a top exterior surface of said top portion, each of said solar panels being operationally coupled to said battery, such that said solar panels may recharge said battery. 9. The illuminated memorial assembly as in claim 1, wherein said light assembly further comprises: a light sensitive switch, said light sensitive switch being fixedly mounted to an exterior of said top portion, said light sensitive switch being adapted to permit the flow of power to said light socket when ambient light decreases, said light sensitive switch being operationally coupled to said light socket. 10. An illuminated memorial assembly, said assembly comprising: a housing comprising; a bottom portion; a top portion; a plurality of connecting rods for connecting said top portion to said bottom portion in a spaced relationship, each of said rods being elongate and having a first end and a second end, each of said first ends being coupled to said top portion; a light assembly comprising: a light socket for removably receiving a light, said light socket being mounted on said bottom portion; wherein each of said second ends of said connecting rods being removably coupled to said bottom portion for permitting removal of said connecting rods and said top portion from said bottom portion for replacement of a light mounted on said light socket; a mounting means for mounting said housing, said mounting means comprising a bracket including an elongate member and a first leg and a second leg connected to said elongate member, each of said legs being coupled to one of said top and bottom portions such that said elongate member is oriented generally parallel to said connector rods, said elongate member having an outside surface positioned opposite of said housing, said outside surface having an adhesive material thereon for fastened said bracket to a surface. 11. The illuminated memorial assembly as in claim 10, further comprising a middle portion having a generally cylindrical shape, said middle portion having a diameter such that said middle portion may be positioned on said bottom portion with said connecting rods being positioned outside of said middle portion, said middle portion comprising a generally translucent material. 12. The illuminated memorial assembly as in claim 10, wherein said bottom portion has bores therein for receiving said second ends of said connecting rods. 13. The illuminated memorial assembly as in claim 10, wherein said light assembly includes a rechargeable battery and a plurality of solar panels, each of said solar panels being coupled to a top exterior surface of said top portion, each of said solar panels being operationally coupled to said battery, such that said solar panels may recharge said battery. 14. The illuminated memorial assembly as in claim 10, additionally comprising an ornament for removably mounting on said top portion of said housing. 15. The illuminated memorial assembly as in claim 14, wherein a channel is formed in the top portion of said housing, and said ornament includes a post for removably inserting into said channel. 16. The illuminated memorial assembly as in claim 15, wherein the post of said ornament has an annular groove formed therein, and the channel in said top portion has a detent ball mounted on a wall of said channel, said detent ball being positioned in a bore in the wall of said channel, said detent ball being biased to extend into said channel for engaging the annular groove of said post when said post is inserted into said channel, said detent ball being depressible out of said channel and into said bore. 17. The illuminated memorial assembly as in claim 10, wherein said light assembly further comprises a light sensitive switch mounted on said top portion, said light sensitive switch being adapted to permit the flow of power to said light socket when ambient light decreases, said light sensitive switch being operationally coupled to said light socket. 