A shopping cart detection apparatus and reward dispensing mechanism for inclusion therewith for providing a patron reward in the form of a ticket, coupon, or the like, to a patron for their returning a shopping cart to a cart collection area. The shopping cart detection apparatus includes a control interface connected electrically to at least one sensor that senses proper cart passage through the apparatus into a cart collection area. With that passage to generate a radio frequency interrogation of a chip maintained in a card that is attached to the cart, and with that cart data transmitted to a control interface that directs dispensing of a ticket as a patron reward for their cart return. Additionally, the control interface also passes cart data as it receives to a communications interface that, in turn, passes that information to a computer, micro processor, or the like, for tabulating and maintaining information concerning cart usage. Which cart detection apparatus can be arranged as a portable or mobile unit for use on the parking lot of an establishment, and can be configured to operate as part of a cart retrieval system for locating carts as have been removed from the establishment premises. With, preferably, the patron reward system also includes a sensing apparatus to indicate to the establishment personnel when a roll of tickets as the dispenser utilizes is low and needs to be replaced.
Claims I claim: 1. A shopping cart detection apparatus and a reward system associated therewith comprising, a housing for location adjacent to a designated cart return area containing a power supply linked to a control interface unit that connects to both a reward dispenser and a communications interface module, which control interface unit connects to a reader module that includes a pair of in-line first and second cart sensors that individually sense passage of a cart traveling past each said sensor into a cart collection area or cage indicating cart direction of travel, and said control interface unit provides a radio frequency interrogation of a receiver unit that is mounted onto said cart to collect data received from said reader module and to verify that said cart has properly passed said sensor or sensors, whereupon said control interface commands operation of said reward dispenser to dispense a patron reward, and passes a record of said cart return to a communication interface that is linked to a computer or micro processor; and an adjustable timer or timer circuit connected to said control interface that is actived and begins counting down for a set period of time upon receipt of the transmission from said receiver unit, which said timer must time out prior to sending the signal to activate said reward dispenser to issue a patron reward. 2. A shopping cart detection apparatus and reward system associated therewith as recited in claim 1, wherein the reader module is separately housed from the control interface and is linked thereto through an electrical transmission cable. 3. A shopping cart detection apparatus and reward system associated therewith as recited in claim 1, wherein the control interface interrogates the receiver unit with a radio frequency signal that the receiver unit responds to by transmitting its designation and other information as is programmed therein, which said receiver unit is a chip and is contained within a placard for attachment onto a cart side. 4. A shopping cart detection apparatus and reward system associated therewith as recited in claim 3, wherein the chip is fitted into a flat plate that is mounted to the shopping cart, and said chip is arranged to respond to receipt of a radio frequency transmission from the control interface. 5. A shopping dart detection apparatus and reward system associated therewith as recited in claim 1, further including an employee deactivation component that includes an employee proximity card having an electronic chip that will respond to radio frequency interrogation and transmit employee information coded therein. 6. A shopping cart detection apparatus and reward system associated therewith as recited in claim 5, wherein the communications interface connects directly to a computer or micro processor or connects through a modem linked to a remote computer or micro processor to pass information regarding cart returns and rewards issued to patrons and to identify employee cart returns, which information can be used in monitoring individual cart use and employee productivity. 7. A shopping cart detection apparatus and reward system associated therewith as recited in claim 5, wherein the communications interface is arranged to transmit data through an antenna to be received by an antenna and receiver of a remote computer or micro processor to pass information regarding cart returns and rewards issued to patrons and to identify employee cart returns, which information can be used in monitoring individual cart use and employee productivity. 8. A shopping cart detection apparatus and reward system associated therewith as recited in claim 1, wherein the reward dispenser is a ticket dispenser that includes a sensor for determining when a roll or stack of tickets is nearing its end and indicating which low ticket condition to the control interface that relays this information through the communications interface to alert store personnel that a replacement ticket roll or stack is needed. 9. A shopping cart detection apparatus and reward system associated therewith as recited in claim 1, further including a sign or signs maintained on the housing and/or cart collection area or cage. 10. A shopping cart detection apparatus and reward system associated therewith as recited in claim 1, wherein the power supply is a solar panel linked to a battery and arranged to charge said battery that is, in turn, connected to the control interface unit. 11. A shopping cart detection apparatus and reward system associated therewith as recited in claim 1, wherein the housing is a portable unit. 12. A shopping cart detection apparatus and reward system associated therewith as recited in claim 1, further including a high power control interface unit and reader module assembly for installation apart from a cart return area or cage to interrogate a cart mounted receiver unit as said cart leaves the store for comparison with cart return data for use in cart inventory control. 13. A shopping cart detection apparatus and reward system associated therewith as recited in claim 1, wherein the patron reward can be determined by operation of a random selection apparatus linked to the reward dispenser. 14. A shopping cart detection apparatus and a reward system associated therewith comprising, a housing for location adjacent to a designated cart return area containing a power supply linked to a control interface unit that connects to both a reward dispenser and a communications interface module, which control interface unit connects to a reader module that includes a pair of in-line first and second cart sensors that individually sense passage of a cart traveling past each said sensor into a cart collection area or cage indicating cart direction of travel, and said control interface unit provides a radio frequency interrogation of a receiver unit that is mounted onto said cart to collect data received from said reader module and to verify that said cart has properly passed said sensor or sensors, whereupon said control interface commands operation of said reward dispenser to dispense a patron reward, and passes a record of said cart return to a communication interface that is linked to a computer or micro processor; and an employee detection component that includes an employee proximity card having an electronic chip that will response to a radio frequency interrogation and transmit employee information coded therein to said computer or micro processor. 15. A shopping cart detection apparatus and reward system associated therewith as recited in claim 14, wherein the communications interface connects directly to a computer or micro processor or connects through a modem linked to a remote computer or micro processor to pass information regarding cart returns and rewards issued to patrons and to identify employee cart returns, which information can be used in monitoring individual cart use and employee productivity. 16. A shopping cart detection apparatus and reward system associated therewith as recited in claim 14, wherein the communications interface is arranged to transmit data through an antenna to be received by an antenna and receiver of a remote computer or micro processor to pass information regarding cart returns and rewards issued to patrons and to identify employee cart returns, which information can be used in monitoring individual cart use and employee productivity. 17. A shopping cart detection apparatus and reward system associated therewith as recited in claim 14, wherein the power supply is a solar panel linked to a battery and arranged to charge said battery that is, in turn, connected to the control interface unit. 18. A shopping cart detection apparatus and reward system associated therewith as recited in claim 14, wherein the housing is a portable unit. 19. A shopping cart detection apparatus and a reward system associated therewith comprising, a housing for location adjacent to a designated cart return area containing a power supply linked to a control interface unit that connects to both a reward dispenser and a communications interface module, which control interface unit connects to a reader module that includes a pair of in-line first and second cart sensors that individually sense passage of a cart traveling past each said sensor into a cart collection area or cage indicating cart direction of travel, and said control interface unit provides a radio frequency interrogation of a receiver unit that is mounted onto said cart to collect data received from said reader module and to verify that said cart has properly passed said sensor or sensors, whereupon said control interface commands operation of said reward dispenser to dispense a patron reward, and passes a record of said cart return to a communication interface that is linked to a computer or micro processor; and a high power control interface unit and reader module assembly for installation apart from said cart return area or cage to interrogate a cart mounted receiver unit as said cart leaves the store for comparison with cart return data for use in cart inventory control. 