Solar cell systems are normally made as a number of panel plates sized typically 0.5-1.times.1 m, with associated mounting means for holding the plates in suitably inclined positions relative to a horizontal or vertical mounting base. According to the invention, these panel plates may advantageously be changed into a lamella-shaped structure, e.g. with a width of only 10-20 cm and, in return, with a much larger length dimension, whereby strips of a solar cell sheet material can be supported by already highly developed and inexpensive carrier systems, whether or not these also serve another purpose with respect to sun shading. A number of relevant advantages is obtained in using carrier laminae made of aluminium.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell system for direct conversion of solar energy to electricity comprising separate, elongated narrow strip-shaped sheets of active solar cells and a carrier structure formed of: separate, elongated narrow strip-shaped carder plates formed of a thin thermally conductive sheet material, supports for supporting the narrow strip-shaped carrier plates in spaced relationship to each other and to a building exterior, and holding elements connecting the strip-shaped carrier plates to the supports with the strip-shaped carrier plates facing upwardly at a predetermined oblique angle, said holding elements being in resilient clamping engagement with the strip-shaped carrier plates and extending crosswise thereof at spaced locations along the length of the strip-shaped carrier plates; wherein a respective one of the elongated narrow strip-shaped sheets of active solar cells is mounted on an upper surface of each of the strip-shaped carrier plates; and wherein the separate, elongated narrow strip-shaped sheets of active solar cells on the separate, strip-shaped carrier plates are electrically connected to each other to form a solar cell unit. 2. The solar cell system according to claim 1, wherein said supports are beams on which the holding elements are fixed. 3. The solar cell system according to claim 2, wherein the strip-shaped carrier plates are mounted in spaced parallel relationship to each other. 4. The solar cell system according to claim 1, wherein the strip-shaped carrier plates are mounted in spaced parallel relationship to each other. 5. The solar cell system according to claim 1, wherein commutations are provided on an underside of the strip-shaped carrier plates at selected locations with connecting holes being provided in the strip-shaped caner plates at said locations, electrode parts of the sheets of active solar cells being connected to the commutations through said holes. 6. The solar cell system according to claim 5, wherein connection cables are arranged extending longitudinally along the underside of the strip-shaped carrier plates and being held thereagainst in notches formed in the holding elements. 7. The solar cell system according to claim 5, wherein the commutations comprise termination blocks secured to the strip-shaped carrier plates by holding clamps. 8. The solar cell system according to claim 1, wherein the sheets of active solar cells are mounted between wider cover sheets, the cover sheets being welded together at opposite edges thereof and secured to the strip-shaped carrier plates by one of gluing and welding. 9. The solar cell system according to claim 1, wherein the strip-shaped carrier plates have a width of about 10-20 cm. 10. Method of installing a solar cell system comprising the steps of: mounting carrier supports extending on a building exterior at a plurality of spaced locations; connecting each of a plurality of separate, elongated narrow strip-shaped carrier plates formed of a thin thermally conductive sheet material to the carrier supports in spaced relationship to each other and the building exterior, facing upwardly at a predetermined oblique angle; and mounting each of a plurality of separate, elongated narrow strip-shaped sheets of active solar cells on an upper surface of a respective one of the strip-shaped carrier plates; where in a solar cell area and a position arrangement for producing an optimized electric production effect is determined and the strip-shaped sheets of active solar cells are mounted and provided with electrical terminations at locations connecting the separate strip-shaped sheets of active solar cells in to a unit adapted to create the arrangement determined. 11. A solar cell system for direct conversion of solar energy to electricity comprising separate, elongated narrow strip-shaped sheets of active solar cells and a carrier structure formed of: separate, elongated narrow strip-shaped carrier plates formed of a thin thermally conductive sheet material, supports for supporting the narrow strip-shaped carrier plates in spaced relationship to each other and to a building exterior, and holding elements connecting the strip-shaped carrier plates to the supports with the strip-shaped carrier plates facing upwardly at a predetermined oblique angle, said holding elements being in resilient clamping engagement with the strip-shaped carrier plates and extending crosswise thereof at spaced locations along the length of the strip-shaped carrier plates; wherein the strip-shaped carrier plates have flange portions for receiving opposite edges of the elongated narrow strip-shaped sheets of active solar cells for mounting ofthe strip-shaped sheets of active solar cells on an upper surface of the strip-shaped carrier plates. 12. The solar cell system according to claim 11, wherein said strip-shaped carrier plates are extruded profiles of which the flange portions are also formed. 