A solar light enclosure is provided with a light receiving top opening and a light emitting bottom opening. The enclosure also includes lateral light extraction panels for emitting light from the sides of the enclosure. The panels may incorporate lens structures, prisms, baffles and reflector elements to transmit light in selected lateral directions. The panels may be attached to the enclosure by hinges and be tiltable away from the enclosure to further enhance illumination toward selected side areas. The enclosure interior may include light control partitions to direct portions of light toward the light extraction panels while simultaneously transmitting other portions of light downwardly and out the enclosure bottom opening. The partitions may be sized, shaped and adjusted angularly to create patterns of light for illuminating specified work areas, hallways and architectural structures.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar light receiving and distribution apparatus comprising: a housing defined by enclosure walls having light reflecting interior surfaces between a light receiving end and a light distributing end; each of said enclosure walls having a lower wall portion proximate said light distributing end; and, a light extracting panel positioned in at least one of said lower wall portions, said panel having guide means for directing light in predetermined directions outwardly from the side of said housing. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said guide means is a member selected from the group consisting of light deflecting baffles, prisms, polarized light film, holographic light film, light reflectors, shutters, lens structures and tilt adjustment mechanisms for rotating said extraction panel away from said lower wall portion. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the interior of said housing proximate said lower wall portion includes a light control means for directing predetermined amounts of light toward said light extraction panel. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein said light control means comprises one or more light control partitions connected to said housing. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 wherein at least one of said light control partitions transmits light toward said light distributing end and reflects light toward said light extraction panel. 6. The apparatus of claim 4 wherein said light distributing end has a defined outlet area and said light control partition is hingably attached to said housing and overlies an area less than said defined outlet area. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein two or more light control partitions are adjustably movable toward and away from each other. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said defined outlet area has peripheral margins and said light control partitions have a predetermined shape defined by an inner edge, side edges and an outer edge, said outer edge being hingably attached proximate to corresponding portions of said peripheral margins, said inner edge and side edges defining the boundaries of a light opening created by the shape and relative position of each partition. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein the shape of said light control partitions is selected from the group consisting of triangular, polygonal, trapezoidal, round and oval. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 including a collimator structure overlying said light receiving end. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said light distributing end is enclosed by a light diffuser sheet. 12. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein said tilt adjustment mechanism is a member selected from the group consisting of adjustable bracket, rotatable screw jacks, pneumatic/hydraulic piston assemblies and electromechanical solenoid systems. 13. A solar light receiving and emitting enclosure comprising: a rigid frame work constructed of upstanding members having uppermost ends that are interconnected with a mounting structure that defines a light receiving top opening; each upstanding member having lowermost ends that are interconnected with bottom plates that define a light emitting bottom opening; said framework including cross-pieces interconnecting the lower mid-portion of said upstanding members to define lower openings between corresponding bottom plates and cross-pieces and define upper openings between corresponding portions of said mounting structure and said cross-pieces; wall structures overlying said upper openings; and light extraction panels overlying said lower openings, said light extraction panels including guide means for directing light in selected lateral directions. 14. The enclosure of claim 13 wherein said guide means consists of a member selected from the group consisting of lens structures, light deflecting baffles, prisms, polarized light film, holographic light film, reflectors, shutters and tilt adjustment mechanisms for rotating said light extraction panels away from said enclosure. 15. The enclosure of claim 13 including one or more light control partitions positioned within said enclosure above said light emitting bottom opening. 16. The enclosure of claim 15 wherein said one or more partitions are each connected by a hinge to portions of said framework for angular displacement relative to said light emitting bottom opening. 17. The enclosure of claim 15 wherein said light receiving top opening is covered with a light collimator sheet and said light emitting bottom opening is covered with a light diffuser sheet. 18. A solar light side emitting system comprising: a light enclosure having side walls with reflective interior surfaces and a light admitting top opening and a light emitting bottom opening; a light diffuser sheet positioned in said bottom opening; and, said enclosure having a lower wall opening within which is incorporated light extraction panels for directing light admitted through said top opening out the side of said enclosure. 19. The system of claim 18 wherein said light extraction panels include guide means for directing light out of said enclosure at predetermined angles. 20. The system of claim 19 wherein said enclosure has a polygonal cross-sectional shape and comprises interconnected wall structures supported by a rigid framework. 21. The system of claim 18 wherein said enclosure includes a rigid framework and said light extraction panels have a top edge and a bottom edge, either one of said edges including a hinge that is attached to said framework. 22. The system of claim 21 wherein said light extraction panels include a tilt adjustment mechanism for releasably fixing the angle of said light extraction panel relative to a corresponding enclosure side wall. 23. The system of claim 18 wherein said enclosure includes a light collimating sheet positioned over said top opening. 24. The system of claim 18 wherein said enclosure has an interior that includes at least one light control partition mounted to said enclosure above said bottom opening. 25. The system of claims 24 wherein said light control partition has a predetermined size and shape to effect the emission of a desired light pattern from said bottom opening. 