A sensing and processing unit (10) installed on an elevated structure (T) adjacent a roadway (R). An enclosure (12) is mounted on the structure. Housed in the enclosure is a television camera (22, 24), the camera being mounted at an angle less than the plane of the horizontal axis of the enclosure. A processor (42) is also housed in the enclosure and is operatively connected to the camera to process video images acquired by the camera. A digital data storage device (44, 46) is also installed in the enclosure for storing information relevant to a monitoring activity. A communications device (50) installed inside said enclosure sends data to and receives instructions from a monitoring site. The single enclosure facilitates remote site monitoring using a minimum of equipment and simplifies both installation and maintenance requirements.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A sensing and processing unit for use in remote sensing applications comprising: a sensor; a processor processing an output from said sensor; communication means to which an output from said processor is supplied, said communication means transmitting said processor output from a remote location where said unit is used to monitor a site; a sealed enclosure in which is housed printed circuit boards, the enclosure being removably mountable to a mounting fixture and sealingly housing said sensor, processor and communication means in a protected environment; and, heat transfer means housed in the enclosure to transfer heat generated by operation of said sensor, processor, and communication means away therefrom and to the atmosphere surrounding said enclosure, said heat transfer means including heat sink elements fitted between the printed circuit boards, said heat sink elements having a surface in heat transfer contact with a wall of said enclosure to transfer heat from components on said printed circuit boards through said wall to the atmosphere outside said enclosure. 2. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 1 wherein said heat transfer means includes a fan and a heat sink installed in said enclosure, said heat sink being in heat conductive contact with a surface of said enclosure and said fan directing air through said enclosure at said heat sink for said heat sink to conduct heat from said air through said surface to the atmosphere outside said enclosure. 3. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 1 wherein AC voltage is supplied to said enclosure and the unit includes a power supply converting the AC voltage to a DC voltage used by said components. 4. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 1 further including a power supply mechanically mounted on a back plate of said enclosure and has a surface in heat transfer contact with said back plate to reduce heat buildup inside said enclosure. 5. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 1 having a handle attached to said enclosure to facilitate transportation of said unit and to provide a safety cable attachment point during installation of said unit. 6. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 1 wherein said communication means includes a cable and a connector mounted on a surface of said enclosure for connecting said cable to said communication means to transmit said processor output through said cable. 7. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 6 wherein said cable is a telephone cable. 8. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 1 wherein said communication means is via the airwaves. 9. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 8 wherein said communication is via a cellular communication network. 10. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 1 further including a carriage removably installed within said enclosure, the printed circuit boards being mounted on said carriage. 11. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 10 wherein said carriage is mechanically attached to a back plate of said enclosure to ease extraction of said carriage from said enclosure. 12. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 1 further including a sunshield installed over said enclosure to keep heat from the sun from directly contacting said enclosure and heating the interior of said enclosure. 13. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 12 wherein said sunshield is installed in a spaced relationship to said enclosure thereby to form an air gap between said enclosure and said sunshield. 14. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 1 wherein DC voltage is supplied to said enclosure and the unit includes a power supply converting the DC voltage to a DC voltage used by said components. 15. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 14 wherein said power supply includes solar panels mounted atop said enclosure. 16. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 1 wherein said sensor is an image sensor. 17. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 16 wherein said image sensor includes a camera lens. 18. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 17 wherein said image sensor further includes a mount installed in said enclosure for holding said lens at a fixed angle relative to said enclosure. 19. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 17 wherein said image sensor is a charge coupled device operatively connected to said lens. 20. The remote sensing and processing unit of 17 wherein said processor includes an image processor for processing video images obtained by said image sensor. 21. The remote sensing and processing unit of claim 20 wherein said processor further includes a data processor. 22. A remote sensing and processing unit comprising: an image sensor including a lens and a charged coupled device operatively connected with said lens; a processor including a central processing unit and a digital signal processor processing video image signals from said image sensor; a data storage device storing digital data; a communications unit sending and receiving data from a remote source; an enclosure in which said image sensor, processor, and communications unit are housed, said enclosure being a sealed enclosure for protecting the aforesaid components from the weather, dirt, dust and infestation by living creatures, whereby said unit is locatable in a remote location and can perform all necessary monitoring, processing, and communications tasks with only a single piece of equipment, thereby simplifying a monitoring application, components comprising said image sensor, processor, and communications units being installed on printed circuit boards mounted within the sealed enclosure, and, heat transfer means housed in the enclosure to transfer heat generated by the components away therefrom and to the atmosphere surrounding said enclosure, said heat transfer means including heat sink elements fitted between the printed circuit boards, said heat sink elements having a surface in heat transfer contact with a wall of said enclosure to transfer heat from components on said printed circuit boards through said wall to the atmosphere outside said enclosure. 23. The sensing and processing unit of claim 22 further including a power supply for converting external power supplied to said unit to power usable by the components housed within said enclosure. 24. The sensing and processing unit of claim 22 including a power connector and a communications connector installed on a wall of said enclosure for routing power into said enclosure and communications to and from said unit. 25. The sensing and processing unit of claim 22 wherein the storage device is a fixed magnetic disk. 26. A sensing and processing unit for installation on an elevated structure adjacent a roadway comprising: an enclosure mounted on said elevated structure; at least one closed circuit television camera positioned within said enclosure, said camera mounted within said enclosure at an angle less than the plane of the horizontal axis of said enclosure; at least one processor installed inside said enclosure and operatively connected to said camera to process video images acquired by said camera; a digital data storage device installed inside said enclosure; a communication device installed inside said enclosure for sending and receiving data from a remote source; an energy conversion device to supply electric energy to the electrical components inside said enclosure; components of said processor, digital storage device, communication device, and energy conversion device being installed on printed circuit boards mounted within the enclosure; and, a heat transfer mechanism to remove heat generated by the components away therefrom and to the atmosphere surrounding said enclosure, said heat transfer mechanism including heat sink elements fitted between the printed circuit boards, said heat sink elements having a surface in heat transfer contact with a wall of said enclosure to transfer heat from components on said printed circuit boards through said wall to the atmosphere outside said enclosure. 