For houses and other buildings in remote locations, which are not serviced with mains (municipal) utilities, a module includes the electric generator, water supply, sewage disposal, etc facilities. The module and its utilities are constructed, assembled, and installed into a room-structure, in a factory, whereby the whole module can be tested prior to shipping. The physical and structural integration of the components and systems permits and enhances functional and operational integration of the systems. The module uses co-generation, heat exchangers, etc, for coordinating the hitherto-separate utility systems.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A pre-fabricated utilities apparatus, for use in association with a habitable building, wherein: the apparatus includes a room-structure, comprising walls which have the general configuration of a room; the apparatus includes a first-utility-plant,which is located inside the room-structure; the first-utility-plant comprises a means for processing a first-medium; the apparatus includes a first-utility-port, which is located in one of the walls of the room-structure, for transferring the first-medium between the first-utility-plant and the building; the apparatus includes a wastewater-treatment-plant, which is also located inside the room-structure; the apparatus includes a wastewater-port, which is also located in one of the walls of the room-structure, for transferring wastewater from the building to the wastewater-treatment-plant; the wastewater-treatment-plant comprises means for processing and treating wastewater conveyed from the habitable building; the apparatus includes means for fastening the plants and ports physically in and to the room-structure; the room-structure is physically self-supporting, to the extent that the room-structure, and the plants and ports fastened physically therein, can be bodily picked up and transported as an integrated whole unit; the room-structure is of such size and weight that the room-structure, with the aforesaid plants and ports fastened therein, can be transported by truck as an integrated whole unit. 2. As in claim 1, wherein the apparatus includes a coordination means, for coordinating operation of the first-utility-plant and the wastewater-treatment-plant, in the sense of coordinating a product or by-product of the operation of the first-utility-plant into the operation of the wastewater-treatment-plant. 3. As in claim 1, wherein the first-utility-plant comprises a first-water-processing-plant, the first-medium comprises a body of water, and the first-utility-port comprises a water-port for transferring water in the body of water from the first-water-processing-plant and into the building. 4. As in claim 3, wherein the apparatus includes operable means for transferring the body of water, in sequence, form the first-water-processing-plant through the water-port to the building, then back from the building through the wastewater-port, then through the waste water-treatment-plant. 5. As in claim 3, wherein: the water-processing-plant comprises a plant for providing potable water; the water-port comprises a potable-water-exit-port, for conveying potable water out of the room-structure, and into the building; the apparatus includes a used-potable-water-return-port, located in one of the walls of the room-structure, for returning used potable-water from the building into the room-structure; the apparatus includes a used-potable-water-recycling-plant; the apparatus includes a recycled-water-exit-port, for transferring treated water from the used-potable-water-recycling-plant to the building. 6. Apparatus of claim 5, wherein the apparatus includes operable means for transferring the body of water, in sequence, from the first-water-processing-plant through the water-port to the building, then through the used-potable-water-return-port to the used-potable-water-recycling-plant, then back into the building through the recycled-water-exit-port, then back from the building through the wastewater-port, then through the wastewater-treatment-plant. 7. As in claim 6, wherein the wastewater-treatment-plant includes a septic tank. 8. As in claim 1, wherein the room-structure is so structured and arranged as to be unsuitable for human habitation threin. 9. As in claim 7, wherein: the wastewater-treatment-plant also includes an aerobic-treatment-station, which is so structured and arranged that water being treated in the wastewater-treatment-plant can remain in the aerobic-treatment-station for a long enough period that aerobic reactions for the nitrification of dissolved ammoniom present in the water are substantially completed; the wastewater-treatment-plant includes means for conveying water being treated in the plant through the septic tank and then through the aerobic-treatment-station, in sequence. 10. As in claim 7, wherein: the walls of the room-structure include a floor, a roof, and four side-walls; the walls are so arranged that the room-structure, when installed in operational association with a building, is substantially enclosed; the room-structure includes a false-floor; the false-floor lies in the room-structure above the floor, thereby creating a space of height h between the floor and the false-floor; the septic tank is of a smaller height than the height h, and the septic tank lies in the space of height h between the floor and the false-floor; the septic tank is structurally integrated into the room-structure, whereby the presence of the septic tank between the floor and the false-floor, within the space of height h, serves to enhance the structural strength and rigidity of the room-structure. 11. As in claim 10, wherein: the apparatus includes a potable-water-storage tank, which is arranged in the apparatus for the storage of potable water; the potable-water-storage tank is of a smaller height than the height h, and the potable-water-storage tank lies in the space of height h between the floor and the false-floor; the potable-water-storage tank is structurally integrated into the room-structure, whereby the presence of the potable-water-storage tank between the floor and the false-floor, within the space of height h, serves to enhance the structural strength and rigidity of the room-structure. 12. As in claim 1, wherein the room-structure includes means for physically linking the room-structure into the habitable building, as a structural component thereof. 13. As in claim 1, wherein the room-structure is independent structurally from the building, and can be removed from the building, substantially intact, with the aforesaid plants still secured inside, and can be transported away from the building for re-use elsewhere. 14. As in claim 13, wherein: the apparatus includes a battery pack, which, during operation of the apparatus, is located inside the room-structure, but which is detachable from the room-structure for transport purposes; apart from the said battery pack, all structural items present in the room-structure are able to be physically secured and fastened into the room structure during transport. 15. As in claim 1, wherein the walls of the room-structure are thermally well insulated. 16. As in claim 3, wherein the first-utility-plant comprises an operable electricity-supply-means the first-medium comprises electricity, and the first-utility-port comprises an electrical wire connection between the electricity-supply-means and the building. 17. As in claim 16, wherein: the electricity-supply-means includes a plurality of electricity sources, and includes a storage battery; the electricity-supply-means includes a means for receiving the supply of electricity from each of the said sources, the apparatus includes an electricity-control-unit, for assessing the respective contribution of each source, for monitoring and meeting load requirements of the building, and for charging the storage battery. 18. As in claim 17, wherein one of the electricity sources is a photo-voltaic panel, which is secured to one of the walls of the room-structure, outside of the room-structure. 19. As in claim 1, wherein: the apparatus contains an operable space-heating-unit, which is located inside the room-structure, and which is effective, when operated, to heat a space-heating-fluid; the apparatus includes a space-heating-fluid-exit-port, located in one of the walls of the room-structure, for conveying the space-heating-fluid out of the room-structure, and into the building. 20. As in claim 1, wherein: the apparatus includes a supply of potable water, which is located inside the room-structure; the apparatus includes an operable hot-water-plant, which is located inside the room-structure, and which is effective, when operated, to heat a portion of the potable water; the hot-water-plant includes a hot-water-tank, for the storage of the heated potable water; the apparatus includes a hot-water-exit-port, located in one of the walls of the room-structure, for conveying the heated potable water out of the room-structure, and into the building. 21. As in claim 16, wherein: the electricity-supply-means, in operation therof, produces heat; the apparatus includes a co-generation-facility, which is located inside the room-structure; the co-generation-facility is operatively associated with the electricity-supply-means, and utilises the heat produced by the electricity-supply-means to heat a co-generation-fluid; the apparatus includes a means for utilising the heat thus transferred to the co-generation-fluid, in the building; and the said means for utilising the heat is located inside the room-structure. 22. As in claim 21, wherein the electricity-supply-means includes an internal combustion engine, and the co-generation-facility utilises excess heat given off by the engine. 23. As in claim 21, wherein the apparatus includes a co-generation-fluid-port, located in one of the walls of the room-structure, for conveying the heated co-generation-fluid out of the room-structure, and into the building. 24. As in claim 21, wherein the means for utilising the heat transferred to the co-generation-fluid is located inside the room-structure, and is effective to heat potable water, and the apparatus includes a means for conveying the heated potable water into the building. 25. As in claim 21, wherein the means for utilising the heat transferred to the co-generation-fluid is located inside the room-structure, and is effective to provide space heating in the building. 26. As in claim 1, wherein: the apparatus includes a heat exchanger system, which includes a first-heat-exchanger, having an operating temperature of TE1; the apparatus includes at least one hot component and at least one cold component in respect of the first-heat-exchanger; the hot component being a component the operation of which would not be adversely affected or would be enhanced upon its temperature being lowered towards TE1; and the cold component being a component the operation of which would not be adversely affected or would be enhanced upon its temperature being raised towards TE1; the first-heat-exchanger is so arranged as to enable the transference of heat from the hot component therof to the cold component thereof. 27. As in claim 26, wherein: the apparatus includes an internal combustion engine, which is located inside the room-structure; the hot component is coolant fluid of the internal combustion engine; the apparatus includes a hot-water-storage-tank, which is located inside the room-structure; and the cold component is the hot-water-storage-tank. 28. As in claim 27, wherein the apparatus includes a top-up heater for heating water in the hot-water-storage-tank. 29. As in claim 26, wherein the hot component is hot fluid from a solar panel. 30. As in claim 26, wherein: the heat exchanger system also includes a second-heat-exchanger, having an operating temperature of TE2; the apparatus includes at least one hot component and at least one cold component in respect of the second-heat exchanger; the hot component being a component the operation of which would not be adversely affected or would be enhanced upon its temperature being lowered towards TE2; and the cold component being a component the operation of which would not be adversely affected or would be enhanced upon its temperature being raised towards TE2; the second-heat-exchanger is so arranged as to enable the transference of heat from the hot component thereof to the cold component thereof. 31. As in claim 1, wherein the room-structure comprises a standard-cargo-container, and the plants and ports are fastened physically into the structure of the standard-cargo-container. 32. As in claim 31, wherein the standard-cargo-container has dimensions of 20 ft by 8 ft by 8 ft. 33. As in claim 31, wherein the standard-cargo-container has dimensions of 20 ft by 8 ft by 8 ft. 34. A pre-fabricated utilities apparatus, for use in association with a building, wherein the apparatus includes: a room-structure, comprising walls which have the general configuration of a room; a potable-water-unit, which is located inside the room-structure; a potable-water-port, which is located in one of the walls of the room-structure, for transferring potable water from the supply of potable water to the building; a water-heater-unit, which is located inside the room-structure, for heating a portion of the potable water; a hot-potable-water-port, which is located in one of the walls of the room-structure, for transferring heated potable water from the water-heater-unit to the building; a used-potable-water-recycling-unit, which is located inside the room-structure; a used-potable-water-return-port, which is located in one of the walls of the room-structure, for transferring used potable water from the building to the used-potable-water-recycling-unit; a recycled-water-port, which is located in one of the walls of the room-structure, for transferring recycled water from the used-potable-water-recycling-unit to the building; a wastewater-treatment-unit, which is located inside the room-structure; a wastewater-return-port, which is located in one of the walls of the room-structure, for returning wastewater (sewage) from the building into the wastewater-treatment-unit; a space-heater-unit, which is located inside the room-structure, for heating a space-heater-fluid; a space-heater-fluid-port, which is located in one of the walls of the room-structure, for transferring heated space-heater-fluid from the space-heater-unit into the building; an operable electricity-supply-unit, which is located inside the room-structure, and which gives off heat when operated; an electricity port, which is located in one of the walls of the room-structure, for transferring electricity from the electricity-supply-unit into the building; a co-generation plant, which is located inside the room-structure, and which includes a heat-transfer-medium, and the co-generation-plant is so arranged that the heat given off by the electricity-supply-means is effective to heat the heat-transfer-medium, which is effective in supply heat to one of the hot-water-heater-or the space-heater-unit; and wherein: the walls of the room-structure are well insulated thermally; the apparatus includes means for fastening the said units and ports physically in and to the room-structure; the room-structure is physically self-supporting, to the extent that the room-structure, and the units and ports fastened physically therein, can be bodily picked up and transported as an integrated whole unit; the room-structure is of such size and weight that the room-structure, with the said units and ports fastened therein, can be transported by truck as an integrated whole unit. 35. As in claim 34, wherein the apparatus includes a monitoring and control means, which is so arranged as to allow monitoring and control of some of the components of the apparatus from a remote location. 36. A pre-fabricated utilities apparatus, for use in association with a habitable building, wherein: the apparatus includes a room-structure, comprising walls which have the general configuration of a room; the apparatus includes a first-utility-plant, which is located inside the room-structure; the first-utility-plant comprises a means for processing a first-medium; the apparatus includes a first-utility-port, which is located in one of the walls of the room-structure, for transferring the first-medium between the first-utility-plant and the building; the apparatus includes means for fastening the plant and port physically in and to the room-structure; the room-structure is physically self-supporting, to the extent that the room-structure, and the plants and ports fastened physically therein, can be bodily picked up and transported as an integrated whole unit; the room-structure is of such size and weight that the room-structure, with the aforesaid plants and ports fastened therein, can be transported by truck as an integrated whole unit; the walls of the room-structure include a floor, a roof, and four side-walls; the walls are so arranged that the room-structure, when installed in operational association with a building, is substantially enclosed; the room-structure includes a false-floor; the false-floor lies in the room-structure above the floor, therby creating a space of height h between the floor and the false-floor; the apparatus includes a water tank; the water tank is of a smaller height than the height h, and the water tank lies in the space of height h between the floor and the false-floor; the water tank is structurally integrated into the room-structure, whereby the presence of the water tank between the floor and the false-floor, within the space of height h, serves to enhance the structural strength and rigidity of the room-structure. 37. As in claim 36, wherein: the water tank does not completely fill the space of height h; a portion of the space not filled by the water tank contains foam; the foam is of such consistency that the foam, so placed, serves to enhance the structural strength and rigidity of the room-structure. 38. As in claim 36, wherein the water tank is a septic tank. 39. As in claim 36, wherein the water tank is a potable-water tank. 40. As in claim 36, wherein the space of height h contains both a septic tank and a potable-water tank. 