An advance in a passive, remote sensing device for measurement of atmospheric temperature utilizes an actuated modulator for periodically alternating the radiation detected by a detector at a selected infrared wavelength between the infrared radiation from the atmosphere and that from the infrared reference radiation emitted from a reference material such that the detector compares the radiation emitted from the atmosphere to that emitted by the reference material at the selected infrared wavelength in order to determine the atmosphere temperature. Preferably, the modulator is a MEMS based modulator having a movable grating formed by MEMS based fabrication techniques.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device for passive, remote sensing of air temperature having a window for allowing radiation to pass from the atmosphere into the device and onto a detector which measures radiation intensity at selected wavelengths; and a temperature reference material that provides reference radiation from a known surface at a known temperature at said selected wavelengths comprising: an actuated modulator for periodically alternating the radiation detected by the detector between the radiation from the atmosphere and that from the reference radiation emitted from the reference material such that the detector compares the radiation emitted from the atmosphere to that emitted by the reference material at said selected wavelengths in order to determine the air temperature. 2. A device for passive, remote sensing of air temperature comprising: a window to receive radiation from the atmosphere; a detector to measure radiation intensity at selected wavelengths; a temperature reference material to provide reference radiation at a known temperature; and an actuated modulator to alternate the radiation to be measured by the detector between the radiation from the atmosphere and the reference radiation from the reference material, wherein the detector compares, at said selected wavelengths, the radiation from the atmosphere to the reference radiation from the reference material to determine the air temperature. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein said modulator is electrostatically, thermally, or piezoelectrically actuated. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein said selected wavelengths are selected from 4.3 .mu.m and 15 .mu.m. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein said modulator comprises a MEMs manufactured electrostatically actuated modulator such as a phase grating, variable blaze grating, transmissive grating, or micro-shutter. 6. The device of claim 1, wherein said selected wavelengths are selected from a group of multi-wavelengths capable of developing range-resolved thermal profiles for application in detecting and warning of engine unstart and clear air turbulence. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein said modulator comprises a MEMS manufactured electrostatically actuated vertically movable grating positioned above a fixed base, and the vertical position of the movable grating with respect to the fixed base is adjusted by applying a potential between the movable grating and the fixed base. 8. The device of claim 1, wherein said modulator periodically alternates the radiation measured by the detector at a modulation alternation rate grater than 500 Hz. 9. The device of claim 1, wherein said device further comprises a temperature control means for maintaining the device components at a constant temperature. 10. The device of claim 9, wherein said temperature control means is selected from the group consisting of a thermoelectric cooler, a Dewar and a cryo-cooler. 11. The device of claim 10, wherein said temperature control is achieved by enclosing the device components inside said temperature control means. 12. The device of claim 1, wherein said selected wavelength is selected from a range of wavelengths from 1 .mu.m to 20 .mu.m. 13. The device of claim 1, wherein said selected wavelengths are selected from the group of wavelengths representing emission from the carbon dioxide bands. 14. The device of claim 1, wherein said window includes a solar blind filter. 15. The device of claim 1, wherein said temperature reference material is selected from the group consisting of Enhanced Martin Black, Cat-A-Lac paint, dendritic platinum, materials formed by surface anodization, and high emissivity paints. 16. The device of claim 1, wherein said wavelength filtering means comprises an interference filter. 17. The device of claim 1, wherein said wavelength filtering means comprises a tunable Fabry-Perot optical filter. 18. The device of claim 1, wherein said wavelength filtering means include dispersive optical elements and or multiple detectors. 19. The device of claim 1, wherein the detector comprises an infrared radiation intensity detector selected from the group consisting of HgCdTe detectors, PbSe detectors, PbS detectors, Si detectors, Ge detectors, pyroelectric detectors, Golay Cells, InAs detectors, QWIPs detectors, and microbolometers. 20. The device of claim 1, wherein said device further comprises optics for concentrating the infrared radiation from the atmosphere which passes into the device through the window. 21. The device of claim 1, wherein said device includes MEMS components or is entirely manufactured as a MEMS device. 22. A device for making atmospheric temperature measurements comprising: a solar blind window to receive infrared radiation from the atmosphere; a thermal reference material to provide infrared reference radiation at a known temperature; an interference filter to pass on infrared radiation at selected wavelengths; a detector to measure radiation intensity of the infrared radiation received from the interference filter; and an actuated modulator to alternate the radiation to be measured by the detector between the infrared radiation from the atmosphere and the infrared reference radiation from the reference material, wherein the detector compares, at said selected wavelengths, the radiation intensity from the atmosphere and the radiation intensity from the reference material to determine the atmospheric temperature, and wherein the actuated modulator includes at least one of electrostatiscally, thermally, and piezoelectrically modulator. 23. A method of measuring atmospheric temperature comprising: receiving radiation emitted from the atmosphere and radiation emitted from a temperature reference material; alternating, using a modulator, between the radiation emitted from the atmosphere and the radiation emitted from the temperature reference material; and detecting, using a detector, the radiation alternated using the modulator to measure the atmospheric temperature. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein said radiation is selected from infrared and shorter wavelengths. 25. The method of claim 23, wherein said modulator is electrostatically, thermally, or piezoelectrically actuated. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein said modulator comprises an electrostatically actuated vertically movable grating positioned above a fixed base, wherein the vertical position of the movable grating with respect to the fixed base is adjusted by applying a potential between the movable grating and the base. 27. The method of claim 23, wherein said selected wavelengths are selected from 4.3 .mu.m and 15 .mu.m. 28. The method of claim 23, wherein said modulator comprises a MEMs manufactured electrostatically actuated modulator such as a phase grating, variable blaze grating, transmissive grating, or micro-shutter. 29. The method of claim 23, wherein said radiation detected by a detector alternates, between radiation emitted by thermal radiance from the atmosphere and radiation emitted by a temperature reference material, at a rate of at least 500 Hz. 30. The method of claim 23, wherein said method further comprises the step of filtering said radiation emitted by thermal radiance from the atmosphere and said light emitted by a temperature reference material, before they are detected by the detector, with a wavelength filtering means in order to set the path length over which the atmospheric temperature is measured. 31. The method of claim 23, wherein said method further comprises the step of using a scanning infrared filter and a single detector or dispersive optics and multiple detectors to measure the atmosphere temperature over multiple ranges in order to produce a range-resolved temperature profile. 32. The method of claim 23, wherein said method further comprises the step of cooling the device components with a temperature control means selected from the group consisting of a thermoelectric cooler, a Dewar and a cryo-cooler. 33. The method of claim 32, wherein the temperature control means of the device monitors the temperature. 34. The method of claim 32 wherein the temperature of the device components are controlled so that said components are kept at the same temperature as that of the outside atmosphere. 35. The method of claim 23 wherein said temperature reference material is the infrared detector itself. 36. The method of claim 23 wherein said method further comprises the step of collecting infrared emission from the detector surface to improve system calibration and accuracy and monitor operating parameters. 37. The method of claim 23 wherein said method further comprises the step of scanning the device field of view. 38. The method of claim 23 wherein said method further comprises the step of detecting very small amounts of certain gases in the atmosphere wherein said atmospheric gases are at a different temperature than the atmospheric background. 