There is provided a solar collector comprising at least one solar module; at least one solar module frame which supports the solar module; and at least one solar module bracket comprising a profile channel engagement hook, the profile channel engagement hook comprising a neck portion and a foot portion, the foot portion having a foot portion cross-sectional area in a first plane which is larger than a cross-sectional area of the neck portion in a second plane parallel to the first plane. There is also provided a profile channel attached to or integral with a support structure, the profile channel having at least one opening, the profile channel engagement hook engaging the opening such that the neck portion extends through the opening. There are also provided methods of making such solar collectors and methods of mounting such solar collectors on support structures.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar collector comprising: at least one solar module having at least one solar collection surface; at least one solar module frame, said solar module frame supporting said solar module; and at least two profile channel engagement hooks, each profile channel engagement hook comprising an attachment portion which is attached to or integral with said solar module frame, each profile channel engagement hook further comprising a neck portion and a foot portion, said neck portion extending from said attachment portion to said foot portion, said foot portion being farther from said solar collection surface than at least a portion of said neck portion in a direction perpendicular to said solar collection surface, said foot portion having a foot portion cross-sectional area in a first plane which is larger than a cross-sectional area of said neck portion in a second plane parallel to said first plane. 2. The solar collector of claim 1, wherein said profile channel engagement hooks are part of a solar module bracket which is integral with said solar module frame. 3. The solar collector of claim 1, wherein said profile channel engagement hooks are part of a solar module bracket which is rigidly attached to said solar module frame. 4. The solar collector of claim 1, wherein said solar module is a solar electrical module. 5. The solar collector of claim 1, wherein said solar module is a solar thermal module. 6. The solar collector of claim 1, further comprising a support structure and at least two profile channels, each profile channel being attached to or integral with said support structure, each profile channel having at least one opening, each profile channel engagement hook engaging a said opening in one of said profile channels such that said neck portion extends through said opening in the profile channel. 7. The solar collector of claim 6, wherein each profile channel further comprises at least one elongated hole and at least one tight-fitting hole, said elongated hole being elongated in a direction substantially parallel to an imaginary line segment drawn between centers of each of said elongated hole and said tight-fitting hole, a first hardware connector being positioned in said elongated hole and being connected to said support structure, whereby motion of said first hardware connector within said elongated hole and perpendicular to an axis of said hardware connector is permitted, a second hardware connector being positioned in said tight-fitting hole, whereby motion of said second hardware connector relative to said tight-fitting hole and perpendicular to said second hardware connector is substantially prevented. 8. The solar collector of claim 6, wherein each profile channel has a support structure engaging surface and a module supporting surface, said support structure engaging surface having an engaging surface orientation, said module supporting surface having a module supporting surface orientation which is different from said engaging surface orientation of said support structure engaging surface. 9. The solar collector of claim 6, wherein each of said profile channel engagement hooks is side-by-side with a profile channel engagement hook from a neighboring solar collector within a said opening in one of said profile channels. 10. The solar collector of claim 6, wherein each profile channel has a collector supporting surface, a surface of said support structure being substantially parallel to said collector supporting surface. 11. The solar module of claim 6, further comprising a stopper bracket attached to each profile channel. 12. A solar collector comprising: at least one frame, said frame comprising a module supporting surface and at least one solar module bracket; at least one solar module positioned on said module supporting surface, said solar module having at least one solar collection surface; at least two profile channel engagement hooks, each profile channel engagement hook comprising an attachment portion, a neck portion and a foot portion, said attachment portion being attached to or integral with said frame, said neck portion extending from said attachment portion to said foot portion, said foot portion being farther from said solar collection surface than at least a portion of said neck portion in a direction perpendicular to said solar collection surface, said foot portion having a foot portion cross-sectional area in a first plane which is larger than a cross-sectional area of said neck portion in a second plane parallel to said first plane; a support structure; and at least one profile channel, said profile channel having a support structure engaging surface and a module supporting surface, said support structure engaging surface being attached to or integral with said support structure and having an engaging surface orientation, said module supporting surface having at least one opening, each profile channel engagement hook engaging an opening such that said neck portion extends through said opening, said module supporting surface having a module supporting surface orientation which is different from said engaging surface orientation of said support structure engaging surface. 13. The solar collector of claim 12, wherein said profile channel further comprises at least one elongated hole and at least one tight-fitting hole, said elongated hole being elongated in a direction substantially parallel to an axis of said support structure engaging surface, a first hardware connector being positioned in said elongated hole and being connected to said support structure, whereby motion of said first hardware connector within said elongated hole and perpendicular to an axis of said hardware connector is permitted, a second hardware connector being positioned in said tight-fitting hole, whereby motion of said second hardware connector relative to said tight-fitting hole and perpendicular to said second hardware connector is substantially prevented. 14. The solar collector of claim 12, wherein each of said profile channel engagement hooks is side-by-side with a profile channel engagement hook from a neighboring solar collector within a said opening in one of the profile channels. 15. A solar collector comprising: at least one frame comprising at least two profile channel engagement hooks; at least one solar module positioned on said frame, said solar module having at least one solar facing surface; each profile channel engagement hook comprising an attachment portion, a neck portion and a foot portion, said attachment portion being attached to or integral with said frame, said neck portion extending from said attachment portion to said foot portion, said foot portion being farther from said solar facing surface than at least a portion of said neck portion in a direction perpendicular to said solar facing surface, said foot portion having a foot portion cross-sectional area in a first plane which is larger than a cross-sectional area of said neck portion in a second plane parallel to said first plane; a support structure having a support structure surface; and at least two profile channels attached to or integral with said support structure, each profile channel having at least one opening, each profile channel engagement hook engaging an opening such that said neck portion extends through said opening, said support structure surface being substantially parallel to said solar facing surface. 16. A method of mounting a solar collector, comprising: attaching a solar module bracket comprising a profile channel engagement hook to a solar module frame, said solar module frame supporting at least one solar module having at least one solar collection surface, said profile channel engagement hook comprising an attachment portion, a neck portion and a foot portion, said attachment portion being attached to or integral with said frame, said neck portion extending from said attachment portion to said foot portion, said foot portion being farther from said solar collection surface than at least a portion of said neck portion in a direction perpendicular to said solar collection surface, said foot portion having a foot portion cross-sectional area in a first plane which is larger than a cross-sectional area of said neck portion in a second plane parallel to said first plane. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein said solar module is a solar electrical module. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein said solar module is a solar thermal module. 19. The method of claim 16, further comprising inserting said foot portion into an opening in a profile channel attached to or integral with a support structure. 20. A method of mounting a solar collector on a support structure, said solar collector having at least one solar module having at least one solar collection surface, the method comprising inserting at least one profile channel engagement hook into an opening in a profile channel, said at least one profile channel engagement hook comprising an attachment portion which is attached to or integral with a solar module frame, said solar module frame supporting said solar module, each profile channel engagement hook further comprising a neck portion and a foot portion, said neck portion extending from said attachment portion to said foot portion, said foot portion being farther from said solar collection surface than at least a portion of said neck portion in a direction perpendicular to said solar collection surface, said foot portion having a foot portion cross-sectional area in a first plane which is larger than a cross-sectional area of said neck portion in a second plane parallel to said first plane, said profile channel being attached to or integral with a support structure. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein said profile channel further comprises at least one elongated hole and at least one tight-fitting hole, said elongated hole being elongated in a direction substantially parallel to an imaginary line segment drawn between centers of each of said elongated hole and said tight-fitting hole, a first hardware connector being positioned in said elongated hole and being connected to said support structure, whereby motion of said first hardware connector within said elongated hole and perpendicular to an axis of said hardware connector is permitted, a second hardware connector being positioned in said tight-fitting hole, whereby motion of said second hardware connector relative to said tight-fitting hole and perpendicular to said second hardware connector is substantially prevented. 22. The method of claim 20, wherein each profile channel has a support structure engaging surface and a module supporting surface, said support structure engaging surface having an engaging surface orientation, said module supporting surface having a module supporting surface orientation which is different from said engaging surface orientation of said support structure engaging surface. 23. The method of claim 20, wherein said profile channel engagement hook is side-by-side with a profile channel engagement hook from a neighboring solar collector within said opening in said profile channel. 