A radiation sensor with particular application to detection of sunshine has at least two (but typically seven) light sensitive detectors and a masking element. The masking element has a pattern of translucent and opaque areas which are disposed to ensure that at any time at least one detector can be exposed to direct sunlight (if the sun is shining) through a translucent area and at least one detector is shaded from direct sunlight by an opaque area. Signal processing apparatus analyses signals from the detectors, such analysis including a comparison of the signal from the detector exposed to the most light and the signal from the detector exposed to the least light.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A sunlight sensor comprising at least two light sensitive detectors and a masking element having a pattern of translucent and opaque areas which are disposed to ensure that for any solar declination and any diurnal solar position at least one detector can be exposed to direct sunlight through a translucent area and at least one detector is shaded from direct sunlight by an opaque area wherein the masking element is such that in use the at least two detectors receive substantially equal amounts of diffuse sunlight. 2. A sunlight sensor according to claim 1 wherein the opaque areas of the masking element are provided by a cut out mask of card, metal, plastic sheet or any other suitable material. 3. A sunlight sensor according to claim 1 wherein in which the masking element is disposed within an at least partly translucent cover of the detector. 4. A sunlight sensor according to claim 1 wherein opaque areas of the masking element are constituted by an opaque pattern applied to an at least partly translucent cover of the detector. 5. A sunlight sensor according to claim 4 wherein the pattern of opaque areas are formed an opaque coating applied by printing, painting or spraying onto the internal surface of the cover in selected areas. 6. A sunlight sensor according to claim 4 wherein the pattern of opaque areas is formed by thin opaque material applied to the cover. 7. A sunlight sensor according to claim 3 wherein the cover includes a hemispherical dome. 8. A sunlight sensor according to claim 3 wherein the cover is made of a transparent material. 9. A sunlight sensor according to claim 3 wherein the cover covers all of the detectors. 10. A sunlight sensor according to claim 3 wherein the light sensitive detectors are arranged in a symmetrical pattern. 11. A sunlight sensor according to claim 1, wherein the light sensitive detectors are carried on a generally flat support. 12. A sunlight sensor according to claim 1 wherein the sensor includes six or seven light sensitive detectors. 13. A sunlight sensor according to claim 12 wherein six detectors are arranged equiangularly and equidistantly spaced from a centre point and a seventh detector at the centre point. 14. A sunlight sensor according to claim 1 wherein the translucent and opaque areas are of substantially equal area. 15. A sunlight sensor according to claim 1 wherein the translucent areas are constituted by areas in which a light-obscuring medium is used to form the opaque areas is absent. 16. A sunlight sensor according to claim 1 wherein the pattern of translucent and opaque area of masking element comprise alternating translucent and opaque bands extending as areas of a hemispherical locus. 17. A sunlight sensor according to claim 15 wherein the opaque areas are symmetrical with respect to a diametric line of symmetry. 18. A sunlight sensor according to claim 16 wherein the pattern of opaque areas is such that areas in one diametrical half of the hemispherical locus are symmetrically opposite translucent areas in its other half. 19. A sunlight sensor according to claim 1 wherein the masking element is such that, in use as the sun travels across the sky, direct sunlight can fall on different ones of the detectors in turn and different ones of the detectors can be shaded from direct sunlight in turn. 20. A sunlight sensor according to claim 1 wherein each of the detectors receives light from substantially all parts of the sky away from the sun. 21. A sunlight sensor according to claim 1 wherein in use the sensors lie in a horizontal plane and the masking element is such that the sensor is operable for all orientations of the detectors in that plane. 22. A sunlight sensor according to claim 1 wherein all of the sensors in use receive substantially equal amounts of diffuse sunlight. 23. A sunlight sensor according to claim 1 wherein the masking element is such that in use the sensor is operable irrespective of the location of the sun in the sky. 24. A meteorological monitoring instrument comprising: a sensor including at least two light sensitive detectors and a masking element having a pattern of translucent and opaque areas which are disposed to ensure that for any solar declination and any diurnal solar position at least one detector can be exposed to direct sunlight through a translucent area and at least one detector is shaded from direct sunlight by an opaque area, wherein the masking element is such that in use the at least two detectors receive substantially equal amounts of diffuse sunlight; and a signal processing apparatus for processing signals derived from the detectors and for generating an output indicative of the incidence of sunlight upon the sensor. 25. A method of distinguishing between sunshine and overcast weather conditions comprising: placing a sensor in a position where it is liable to be exposed to sunlight, the sensor including at least two light sensitive detectors and a masking element having a pattern of translucent and opaque areas which are disposed to ensure that for any solar declination and any diurnal solar position at least one detector can be exposed to direct sunlight through a translucent area and at least one detector is shaded from direct sunlight by an opaque area, wherein the masking element is such that in use the at least two detectors receive substantially equal amounts of diffuse sunlight; assessing signals derived from each of the detectors; and comparing the signals derived from the detector exposed to the greatest and to the least amount of light. 26. A radiation sensor comprising at least two radiation sensitive detectors and a masking element having a pattern of areas at least one of which is opaque to the radiation and at least one of which is transparent to the radiation, which areas are disposed to ensure that at least one detector can be exposed to direct radiation through a non-opaque area and at least one detector is shaded from direct radiation by an opaque area irrespective of where a point source of radiation might be positioned within a detection field, and wherein in use the at least two detectors receive substantially equal amounts of indirect radiation. 27. A sunlight sensor comprising at least two light sensitive detectors and a masking element having a pattern of translucent and opaque areas which are disposed to ensure that for any solar declination and any diurnal solar position at least one detector can be exposed to direct sunlight through a translucent area and at least one detector is shaded from direct sunlight by an opaque area wherein the masking element is such that in use all of the detectors of the sensor receive substantially equal amounts of diffuse sunlight. 28. A sunlight sensor comprising at least two light sensitive detectors and a masking element having a pattern of translucent and opaque areas which are disposed to ensure that for any solar declination and any diurnal solar position at least one detector can be exposed to direct sunlight through a translucent area and at least one detector is shaded from direct sunlight by an opaque area wherein the masking element is such that in use all of the detectors of the sensor receive light from substantially all parts of the sky away from the sun. 29. A sunlight sensor according to claim 28, wherein the masking element has a pattern of translucent and opaque areas which are disposed to ensure that for all solar declinations and all diurnal solar positions at least one detector can be exposed to direct sunlight through a translucent area and at least one detector is shaded from direct sunlight by an opaque area, wherein the masking element is such that in use the sensor is operable irrespective of the location of the sun in the sky. 30. A sunlight sensor comprising at least two light sensitive detectors and a masking element having a pattern of translucent and opaque areas which are disposed to ensure that for all solar declinations and all diurnal solar positions at least one detector can be exposed to direct sunlight through a translucent area and at least one detector is shaded from direct sunlight by an opaque area wherein the masking element is such that in use the at least two detectors of the sensor receive substantially equal amounts of diffuse sunlight, wherein opaque areas of the masking element are constituted by an opaque pattern on an at least partly translucent cover of the sensor, said cover comprising a hemispherical dome, and wherein the pattern of translucent and opaque areas of the masking element includes a plurality of opaque areas, at least one of which extends between at least two separate locations at the periphery of the dome so as to partition the rest of the dome surface area outside of said at least one opaque area into at least two further areas, each of which includes a translucent area. 31. A sunlight sensor according to claim 30, wherein the masking element comprises two continuous opaque areas, each of which includes three opaque sub-areas extending respectively to three locations at the periphery of the dome thereby defining two translucent areas between the opaque sub-areas of each continuous opaque area. 32. A sunlight sensor according to claim 31, wherein the masking element is such that in use each of the detectors receives light from substantially all parts of the sky away from the sun and such that in use the sensor is operable irrespective of the location of the sun in the sky. 