A method and apparatus for measuring the spatial uniformity of the intensity of a radiation beam from a radiation source based on a single sampling time and/or a single pulse of radiation. The measuring apparatus includes a plurality of radiation detectors positioned on planar mounting plate to form a radiation receiving area that has a shape and size approximating the size and shape of the cross section of the radiation beam. The detectors concurrently receive portions of the radiation beam and transmit electrical signals representative of the intensity of impinging radiation to a signal processor circuit connected to each of the detectors and adapted to concurrently receive the electrical signals from the detectors and process with a central processing unit (CPU) the signals to determine intensities of the radiation impinging at each detector location. The CPU displays the determined intensities and relative intensity values corresponding to each detector location to an operator of the measuring apparatus on an included data display device. Concurrent sampling of each detector is achieved by connecting to each detector a sample and hold circuit that is configured to track the signal and store it upon receipt of a "capture" signal. A switching device then selectively retrieves the signals and transmits the signals to the CPU through a single analog to digital (A/D) converter. The "capture" signal. is then removed from the sample-and-hold circuits. Alternatively, concurrent sampling is achieved by providing an A/D converter for each detector, each of which transmits a corresponding digital signal to the CPU. The sampling or reading of the detector signals can be controlled by the CPU or level-detection and timing circuit.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for measuring energy intensities of radiation, comprising: a first detector positioned at a first position for transmitting at least one electrical signal in response to, and in corresponding relation to the energy intensity of, radiation impinging on said first detector; a second detector positioned at a second position for transmitting at least one electrical signal in response to, and in corresponding relation to the energy intensity of, radiation impinging on said second detector, wherein said first and said second detectors concurrently receive said impinging radiation and concurrently transmit said electrical signals; and a signal processor circuit electrically connected to said first and second detectors for concurrently receiving and processing said electrical signals from said first and second detectors to determine the energy intensities of the radiation at a single, selectable sample time. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, said electrical signals transmitted by said first and second detectors being analog, wherein said signal processor circuit includes a first signal converter and a second signal converter electrically connected to said first and second detectors, respectively, for receiving said electrical signals and for producing a digital output signal in response to each of said received electrical signals, said first and second signal converters being adapted for simultaneously triggering to simultaneously transmit said digital output signals in response to received trigger signals. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, said electrical signals transmitted by said first and second detectors being analog, wherein said sign processor circuit includes a first sample and hold subcircuit and a second sample and hold subcircuit electrically connected to said first and second detectors, respectively, for receiving said electrical signals and storing said received electrical signals, said first and second sample and hold subcircuits being adapted for storing said stored electrical signals in response to received trigger signals. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein said signal processor circuit includes a multiplexer electrically connected to said first and second sample and hold subcircuits for receiving said released electrical signals as input signals and selectively transmitting said input signals over an output transmission line. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, said apparatus including a sample timing circuit electrically connected to said first detector for monitoring said electrical signal and to said signal processor circuit for receiving a radiation intensity value, wherein said sample timing circuit includes an electrical signal comparing device for comparing said monitored electrical signal to said radiation intensity value and for transmitting a sampling signal to said signal processor circuit when said monitored electrical signal has an energy level of at least that,of said radiation intensity value to initiate concurrent sampling of said detectors. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, said signal processing circuit including a central processing unit having logic means for determining the energy intensities of the radiation and memory, means for accumulating and storing the determined energy intensities of the radiation impinging on said first and second detectors. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, said signal processing circuit including a data display device in communication, with said central processing unit for displaying the stored radiation intensities in a linked manner with said first and second positions of said first and second detectors, respectively. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said first position and said second position are such that said first detector and said second detector face different directions. 9. An apparatus for measuring spatial uniformity of a radiation beam produced by a radiation source, said measuring apparatus comprising: a detector array positioned transverse to the radiation beam having a plurality of detectors mounted at a corresponding plurality of locations on a planar mounting plate, said detectors being operable for concurrently generating electrical signals representative of the intensities of portions of the radiation beam impinging on said detectors; and a signal processor circuit electrically connected to each of said detectors in said detector array for concurrently receiving said electrical signals from said detectors and for determining energy intensities of the portions of the radiation beam striking said detector array at each of said detector locations based on said received electrical signals. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said mounting plate is positioned perpendicular to an axis of the radiation beam such that a cross sectional area of the radiation beam is projected onto said mounting plate. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said detector locations are selected to form a radiation receiving area on said mounting plate having a shape, size, and location similar to that of the cross sectional area of the radiation beam projected on the mounting plate. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein said detector array includes at least about sixty-four of said detectors substantially equally spaced apart in an eight by eight array to form said radiation receiving area. 13. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein each of said detectors comprises a photovoltaic cell and wherein said detector array includes a plurality of resistors connected to each of said detectors to shunt said detectors such that said detectors provide a linear electrical signal with known energy intensity in response to a specific radiation intensity. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said detector array further includes a plurality of signal conditioners electrically connected in series with said detectors for conditioning said electrical signals generated by said detectors to facilitate measurement of said electrical signals by said signal processor circuit. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein said signal conditioners are operational amplifiers. 16. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said electrical signals generated by said detectors are analog and wherein said signal processor circuit includes a plurality of sample and hold subcircuits electrically connected to said detectors for receiving said electrical signals and for storing said electrical signals upon receiving a triggering signal. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said signal processor circuit includes at least one signal converter for receiving said analog electrical signals and producing a digital output signal in corresponding relation thereto and wherein said signal processor circuit further includes a switching device electrically connected in said signal processor circuit between said sample and hold circuits and said at least one signal converter, said switching device being operable to concurrently receive one or more of said electrical signals stored in said sample and hold circuits and to selectively output said received electrical signals to said at least one signal converter. 18. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said signal processor circuit includes a central processing unit having logic means for determining the intensities of the portions of the radiation beam impinging on each of said detectors and. memory means for accumulating and storing the determined intensities. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said central processing unit further includes logic means for determining the spatial uniformity of the radiation beam by first determining a median intensity value for the radiation beam based on said determined intensities and second determining a relative intensity value for each of said detectors relative to said median intensity value. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein said signal processor circuit further includes a data display device. in communication with and operable by said central processing unit for displaying said determined intensities and said relative intensity values. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, said central processing unit includes logic means for operating said data display device to display said relative intensity values numerically and pictorially on a grid system having grid locations representative of said detector locations on said mounting plate. 22. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said central processing unit further includes logic means for determining the spatial uniformity of the radiation beam by first determining an average intensity value for the radiation beam based on said determined intensities and second determining a relative intensity value for each of said detectors relative to said average intensity value. 23. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said radiation source is a pulse radiation source and said apparatus includes a pulse detection and sample timing circuit electrically connected to one of said detectors for monitoring said electrical signal from said one detector and electrically connected to said signal processor circuit for receiving a radiation intensity value, wherein said sample timing circuit includes an electrical signal comparing device for comparing said monitored electrical signal to said radiation intensity value and for transmitting a sampling signal to said signal processor circuit when said monitored electrical signal has a preset energy level relative to said radiation intensity value to initiate concurrent sampling of said detectors, whereby said sampling of said detectors can be completed in a single pulse from the radiation source. 24. The apparatus of claim 23, wherein said pulse detection and sample timing circuit includes a delay device for delaying transmission of said sampling signal for a selectable delay period. 25. A method of measuring spatial uniformity of a radiation, beam produced by a radiation source, comprising: mounting a detector array comprising a plurality of detectors on a planar mounting plate, wherein said detectors are responsive to portions of the radiation beam impinging thereon to generate electrical signals; positioning said planar mounting plate transverse to an axis of the radiation beam such that said detector array is within a cross-sectional area of the radiation beam projected onto said mounting plate; electrically connecting a signal processor circuit to each of said detectors in said detector array; receiving portions of the radiation beam produced by the radiation source concurrently at each of said detectors; transmitting electrical signals, representative of the intensities of said received portions of the radiation beam, concurrently with each of said detectors to said signal processor circuit; and determining with said signal processor circuit energy intensities of the portions of the radiation beam received by each of said detectors. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein said signal processor circuit includes a plurality of sample and hold subcircuits electrically connected to said detectors, said method further comprising receiving concurrently said electrical signals from said detectors at said sample and hold circuits and storing said received electrical signals in said sample and hold circuits. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein said signal processor circuit includes at least one signal converter electrically connected to said sample and hold circuits, said method further comprising selectively obtaining said stored electrical signals from said sample and hold circuits with said at least one signal converter and producing with said at least one signal converter digital output signals in corresponding relation to said obtained electrical signals. 28. The method of claim 25, wherein said signal processor circuit includes a central processing unit, said method further comprising determining with said central processing unit the intensities of the portions of the radiation beam impinging on each of said detectors and accumulating and storing the determined intensities in memory of said central processing unit. 29. The method of claim 28, further comprising determining with said central processing unit the spatial uniformity of the radiation beam by first determining a median intensity value for the radiation beam based on said determined intensities and second determining a relative intensity value for each of said detectors relative to said median intensity value. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein said signal processor circuit further includes a data display device in communication with said central processing unit, said method further comprising using said central processing unit to operate said data display device to display said determined intensities and said relative intensity values. 31. The method of claim 30, further comprising using said central processing unit to operate said data display device to display said relative intensity values numerically and pictorially on a grid system having grid locations representative of said detector locations on said mounting plate. 