A heated antenna system includes an antenna having a reflecting surface and a heater associated with the reflecting surface. A storage capacitor is connected with and provides power to the heater. An electronic control system is electrically connected to the storage capacitor. The electrical control system charges and monitors the storage capacitor and issues a status signal indicative of a status of the storage capacitor.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A heated antenna system, comprising: an antenna having a reflecting surface and a heater associated with said reflecting surface; a storage capacitor connected with said heater, said storage capacitor being configured for providing power to said heater; and an electronic control system electrically connected to said storage capacitor, said electrical control system being configured for charging and monitoring said storage capacitor and issuing a status signal indicative of a status of said storage capacitor. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising an alarm device configured for activating an alarm dependent upon said status signal. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein said electronic control system includes a source of constant current for charging said storage capacitor. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein said source of constant current is configured both for being powered by an alternating current voltage source and for being powered by a direct current voltage source. 5. The system of claim 4, further comprising a solar collector connected to said source of constant current, said solar collector being configured for powering said source of constant current. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein a charge stored in said storage capacitor is proportional to a square of a terminal voltage of said storage capacitor. 7. A heated antenna system, comprising: an antenna having a reflecting surface and a heater associated with said reflecting surface; a storage capacitor connected with said heater, said storage capacitor being configured for providing power to said heater; an electronic control system electrically connected to said storage capacitor, said electrical control system being configured for charging and monitoring said storage capacitor and issuing a status signal indicative of a status of said storage capacitor; and a power switch electrically interconnecting said storage capacitor and said heater, said electrical control system being electrically connected to said power switch, said electrical control , system being configured to open and close said power switch such that said power switch transmits a pulse width modulated voltage to said heater, a level of said pulse width modulated voltage being dependent upon an ambient temperature. 8. A heated antenna system, comprising: an antenna having a reflecting surface and a heater associated with said reflecting surface; a direct current voltage supply connected with said heater, said direct current voltage supply being configured for providing power to said heater; an electronic control system electrically connected to said direct current voltage supply, said electrical control system being configured for charging and monitoring said direct current voltage supply and issuing a status signal indicative of a status of said direct current voltage supply; and a bi-directional radio frequency communication system configured for providing bi10 directional radio frequency radio communication between said electronic control system and a remote monitoring station. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein said communication system carries said status signal to said remote monitoring station. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein said communication system carries at least one command from said remote monitoring station to said electronic control system. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein said at least one command comprises at least one of a command to turn on said heater and a command to turn off said heater. 12. A heated antenna system, comprising: an antenna having a reflecting surface and a heater associated with said reflecting surface; a direct current voltage supply connected with said heater, said direct current voltage supply being configured for providing direct current power to said heater; and a monitoring device electrically connected to said direct current voltage supply, said monitoring device being configured for monitoring said direct current voltage supply and transmitting an airborne status signal indicative of a status of said direct current voltage supply. 13. The system of claim 12, further comprising an alarm receiver configured for receiving said airborne signal and activating an alarm dependent upon said airborne signal. 14. The system of claim 12, wherein said direct current voltage supply comprises a storage capacitor. 15. The system of claim 12, wherein said airborne status signal comprises a radio frequency status signal. 16. The system of claim 12, wherein said status of said direct current voltage supply comprises a voltage level. 