An optoelectronic monitoring device for a vehicle includes a single optical sensor array having a grid of optical sensor elements. Each optical sensor element generates an electronic signal in response to optical signals imaged onto the optical sensor elements. Optical imaging systems image respective optical signals onto the optical sensor array. The optical signals of each optical imaging system is representative of a monitored condition of a vehicle. The optical imaging systems form a single physical unit which is fixed with respect to the optical sensor array. Each optical imaging system is associated with a respective optical sensor element group of the optical sensor array such that the respective optical signal of each optical imaging system is imaged onto the respective optical sensor element group. The optical sensor elements are configurable by a processor to be arranged in optical sensor element groups for being associated with respective optical imaging systems.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An optoelectronic monitoring device for a motor vehicle comprising: a single optical sensor array having a two dimensional grid of optical sensor elements, each of the optical sensor elements generating an electronic signal in response to optical signals imaged onto the optical sensor elements; and a plurality of optical imaging systems for imaging optical signals onto the optical sensor array, the optical signals of each optical imaging system respectively representative of a different monitored condition associated with a motor vehicle, wherein the optical imaging systems are combined to form a single physical unit which is fixed with respect to the optical sensor array, wherein each optical imaging system is associated with a respective optical sensor element group of the optical sensor array such that the respective optical signal of each optical imaging system is imaged onto the respective optical sensor element group of the optical sensor array. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein: each optical sensor element group has at least one optical sensor element. 3. The device of claim 1 wherein: each of the optical sensor element groups has optical sensor elements different from the optical sensor elements of the other optical sensor element groups. 4. The device of claim 1 wherein: an optical sensor element group generates an electronic signal in response to an optical signal of a respective optical imaging system imaged onto the optical sensor element group for controlling the motor vehicle as a function of the monitored motor vehicle condition associated with the imaged optical signal. 5. The device of claim 1 wherein: the optical imaging systems are fixed in position with respect to the optical sensor array. 6. The device of claim 1 wherein: each optical imagine system is disposed adjacent to its respective optical sensor element group of the optical sensor array. 7. The device of claim 1 wherein: the optical imaging systems are disposed over the optical sensor array. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein: the optical sensor elements of the optical sensor array are configurable by a processor to be arranged in optical sensor element groups for being associated with respective optical imaging systems. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein: at least one of the optical imaging systems includes an image forming lens for imaging optical signals. 10. The device of claim 1 wherein: at least one of the optical imaging systems includes an optic fiber for imaging optical signals. 11. The device of claim 1 wherein: an optical sensor element group generates an electronic signal in response to an optical signal of a respective optical imaging system imaged onto the optical sensor element group for controlling a motor vehicle function as a function of a monitored motor vehicle condition associated with the imaged optical signal. 12. The device of claim 1 wherein: an optical sensor element group generates an electronic signal in response to an optical signal of a respective optical imaging system imaged onto the optical sensor element group for controlling the motor vehicle as a function of rain monitored by the respective optical imaging system. 13. The device of claim 1 wherein: an optical sensor element group generates an electronic signal in response to an optical signal of a respective optical imaging system imaged onto the optical sensor element group for controlling the motor vehicle as a function of solar attitude monitored by the respective optical imaging system. 14. The device of claim 1 wherein: an optical sensor element group generates an electronic signal in response to an optical signal of a respective optical imaging system imaged onto the optical sensor element group for controlling motor vehicle headlamps as a function of light monitored by the respective optical imaging system. 15. The device of claim 1 wherein: each of the optical sensor elements generate an electronic signal in response to optical signals imaged onto the optical sensor elements as a function of the intensity of the optical signals. 16. An optoelectronic monitoring device for a motor vehicle comprising: a single optical sensor array having a two dimensional grid of optical sensor elements, each of the optical sensor elements generating an electronic signal in response to optical signals imaged onto the optical sensor elements; and a plurality of optical imaging systems for imaging optical signals onto the optical sensor array, the optical signals of each optical imaging system respectively representative of a different monitored condition associated with a motor vehicle, wherein the optical imaging systems are combined to form a single physical unit which is fixed with respect to the optical sensor array, wherein each optical imaging system is associated with a respective optical sensor element group of the optical sensor array such that the respective optical signal of each optical imaging system is imaged onto the respective optical sensor element group of the optical sensor array, wherein the optical sensor elements of the optical sensor array are configurable by a processor to be arranged in optical sensor element groups for being associated with respective optical imaging systems. 