A solar powered vapor compression refrigeration system is made practicable with thermal storage and novel control techniques. In one embodiment, the refrigeration system includes a photovoltaic panel, a variable speed compressor, an insulated enclosure, and a thermal reservoir. The photovoltaic (PV) panel converts sunlight into DC (direct current) electrical power. The DC electrical power drives a compressor that circulates refrigerant through a vapor compression refrigeration loop to extract heat from the insulated enclosure. The thermal reservoir is situated inside the insulated enclosure and includes a phase change material. As heat is extracted from the insulated enclosure, the phase change material is frozen, and thereafter is able to act as a heat sink to maintain the temperature of the insulated enclosure in the absence of sunlight. The conversion of solar power into stored thermal energy is optimized by a compressor control method that effectively maximizes the compressor's usage of available energy. A capacitor is provided to smooth the power voltage and to provide additional current during compressor start-up. A controller monitors the rate of change of the smoothed power voltage to determine if the compressor is operating below or above the available power maximum, and adjusts the compressor speed accordingly. In this manner, the compressor operation is adjusted to convert substantially all available solar power into stored thermal energy.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A control method for a solar powered refrigeration system having a compressor motor, which obtains a first DC current from a solar power source, and obtains a second DC current from a capacitance storage source, and conducts the first and second DC currents to said compressor motor for driving said motor during a "start-up" phase of said compressor motor, said method comprising the steps of: (A) monitoring system voltage of said compressor system; (B) determining whether the power required to drive said compressor system is greater than the power produced by said first power source; (C) upon determining that additional power is required to start said compressor system, drawing additional power from said capacitance source for starting said compressor motor; and, (D) subsequently, driving said compressor motor substantially by said first DC current. 2. The control method according to claim 1, wherein step (D) comprises driving said compressor at a decreased speed, relative to nominal, during a start-up period, thereafter driving said compressor at an increased speed. 3. A control method for a solar powered refrigeration system, which system obtains a first DC current from a solar power collector source, obtains a second DC current from a capacitive storage source, adds the first and second DC currents, and conducts the integrated currents to a load comprising a DC motor driving a compressor for operating said solar power collector source at its maximum power point, comprising the steps of: (A) operating said capacitance storage source as an energy buffer and a source of stored electrical power, derived from said solar power collector source, for providing DC electrical current for driving said load; (B) balancing the electrical load of said solar powered system with the power collecting capability of said solar collector; and, (C) achieving load balance by monitoring said solar powered system voltage and adjusting the system load in relation to said voltage. 4. The control method according to claim 3, wherein step (B) comprises the steps of: (a) determining if said system load requires more power than said solar collecting source is producing; (b) decreasing said load if said capacitor voltage is decreasing; (c) determining if said system load requires less power than said solar collecting source is producing; (d) increasing said load if said capacitor voltage is increasing; and, (e) subsequently maintaining the solar collecting source maximum operating and collecting capacity by adjusting said voltage levels through ongoing dithering of said load. 5. The control method of claim 4, wherein the steps (b) and (d) are accomplished by adjusting the speed of said motor. 6. A solar powered refrigeration apparatus, comprising a vapor compression refrigeration system having a compressor and a DC motor for driving said compressor; a solar powered electrical power source directly electrically coupled to said DC motor of said refrigeration system; an alternate electrical power source connected to said DC motor of said refrigeration system; a device which combines said power sources such that the DC motor of said refrigeration system can run on DC power derived from any combination of the two sources; and a controller which electrically connects the vapor compression refrigeration system to both sources of electrical power and gives preference to the solar power source. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the alternate source is an alternating current (AC) power source. 