A multi-zone climate control system and method for a vehicle. The system comprises a passenger seat occupancy detector at each of a plurality of passenger seats for generating a respective seat occupancy signal indicative of an occupancy condition of a respective seat. The system also includes a plurality of control units, wherein each of the control units is associated with a respective passenger seat location. The control units are used for selecting desired climate settings for each passenger location. A controller is in operative communication with each control unit and each passenger seat occupancy detector. The controller is operative to control the climate at each occupied passenger location according to the desired climate settings for the respective passenger location and modify the climate at each unoccupied passenger location to optimize the comfort at each occupied passenger location.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a multi-zone climate control system for a vehicle comprising a passenger seat occupancy detector at each of a plurality of passenger seats for generating a respective seat occupancy signal indicative of an occupancy condition of a respective seat, a plurality of control units, each of said control units associated with a respective passenger seat location for selecting desired climate settings for each said location, and a controller in operative communication with each control unit and each passenger seat occupancy detector, a method of operating the climate control system comprising the following steps: determining the occupancy status of each passenger seat as a function of said passenger seat occupancy detectors; controlling the climate at each occupied passenger location according to the desired climate settings for each said respective location; turning off each control unit at a respective unoccupied passenger location; when operating a respective control unit in an automatic mode, detecting a manual override of said automatic mode parameter settings; storing a transient thermal condition event associated with said manual override input; and adaptively modifying an automatic mode compensation coefficient in response to said manual override input as a function of said transient thermal condition event and said manual override. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of optimizing the comfort at each occupied passenger location by modifying the climate at each unoccupied passenger location as a function of the desired climate settings at each respective occupied passenger location. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the step of determining the occupancy status of each passenger seat includes the step of monitoring the status of a seat belt latch sensor at each passenger seat. 4. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of determining the on/off status of each respective control unit. 5. The method of claim 4 further comprising the step of determining the desired control settings of each respective control unit associated with a respective passenger location. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the step of adaptively modifying includes the step of adaptively modifying an automatic mode compensation coefficient in response to a predetermined number of manual override inputs for a similar transient thermal condition event. 7. A climate control system for a vehicle comprising: a plurality of control units, each of said control units associated with a respective passenger seat location for selecting desired climate settings for each said location; a controller in operative communication with each control unit, said controller programmed to perform the following steps: automatically control the air temperature and flow at each of said locations to maintain the environment at each location at the respective desired climate settings when said respective control unit is in an automatic mode; detect a manual override of each of said automatic mode parameter settings; store a transient thermal condition event associated with each said manual override input; and adaptively modify an automatic mode compensation coefficient associated with each said respective control unit in response to said respective manual override input as a function of said transient thermal condition event and said respective manual override. 8. The climate control system of claim 7 further comprising: a plurality of separately controllable climate control outlets at each of the plurality of passenger seats; a sun load sensor for providing a solar intensity signal indicative of the solar load on said vehicle; an external temperature sensor for providing a first temperature signal indicative of the ambient air temperature outside the vehicle; and an internal temperature sensor for providing a second temperature signal indicative of the ambient air temperature inside the vehicle, wherein said controller is in operative communication with each separately controllable climate control outlet, and each of said sun load and temperature sensors and wherein said controller is programmed to perform the following steps: automatically control the air temperature and flow at each of said locations as a function of said solar intensity signal and first and second temperature signals to maintain the environment at each location at the respective desired climate settings when said respective control unit is in an automatic mode. 9. The climate control system of claim 7 wherein said controller is programmed to adaptively modify an automatic mode compensation coefficient associated with each respective control unit in response to a predetermined number of manual override inputs at said respective control unit in response to a similar transient thermal condition event. 