A power system comprises a generator for generating electrical current, a rechargeable electrical storage device connectable to a load, and a source of non-electrical energy for driving the generator, the arrangement being such that energy output by the generator in excess of the power requirement of a load when connected to the battery is used to charge the battery.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A power system for supplying a variable load, the system comprising: means for mounting a rechargeable battery; a mechanical generator for generating electrical power; a source of mechanical energy for driving the generator, output rails (17, 20) for connection to a load, and a control circuit for controlling the supply of electric power to the output rails, and characterized in that the mounting means and the generator are connected in parallel to one output rail, whereby output energy of said mechanical generator in excess of a load requirement is used to charge a battery mounted in said mounting means, said one output rail being connectable to said output terminal means by a mechanical switch which in its open position prevents conduction through the rail and by a switching transistor located between the switch and an output terminal of the output terminal means, the arrangement being such that closure of the switch enables a pulse to turn on the switching transistor to allow passage of electrical current to the output terminal, maintenance of the switching transistor in its on condition being dependent upon the output voltage supplied to the output terminal means being above a predetermined threshold. 2. A system according to claim 1, wherein closure of said switch enables a pulse of current to turn on the base of a second transistor an output of which is connected to the switching transistor to turn the switching transistor on. 3. A system according to claim 2, wherein a voltage divider across the output of the battery and generator is connected to the base of the switching transistor so as to set the threshold beneath which the switching transistor will not conduct. 4. A system according to claim 3, and including an output path leading from said generator to the base of the second transistor so that a pulse from said generator can cause the second transistor to turn the power switching transistor on. 5. A system according to claim 4, wherein said path includes a resistor the value of which is such that any output from the generator is only sufficient to turn on the second transistor. 6. A system according to claim 1, and including a solar panel (5) in parallel with the generator and the battery mounting means. 7. A system according to claim 6, wherein the outputs of the generator and the solar panel are connected to the battery mounting by respective diodes to prevent back current from the battery and solar panel. 8. A system according to claim 1, and including a nickel-cadmium or nickel-hydride battery the capacity of which is substantially greater than the amount of electrical energy which can be generated by said generator and mechanical power source. 9. A system according to claim 8, wherein the capacity of the battery is between 3000 and 4000 joules and the total energy capacity of the mechanical power source is between 80 and 120 joules. 10. A system according to claim 1, wherein the mechanical power source is a spring; and wherein the power source mounted in a removable cassette which is removable from the system so that power can be withdrawn from the battery by a load connected to the battery in the absence of the power source. 11. A system according to claim 1, and including a socket through which electrical power can be input from an external source; and wherein use of the socket causes the generator and the electrical power storage device to be disconnected from a load so that a load can be driven directly by power input through the socket; and wherein power from the socket can be used to charge the battery when mounted. 