A time interval and event display device depicting a displayed event and a continuous time display informing the viewer of continuous time intervals from the unchanging event to the present time or the remaining time to a future unchanging event.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A time interval and event display device comprising: (a) means for visually displaying subject matter related to a past event, (b) means for displaying time intervals relating to a time of said past event, said time intervals increasing in time from the time of said past event to present time; (c) said time intervals being provided by a means for continuously measuring said time intervals, and (d) a means for mounting said means for measuring said time intervals with said means for displaying said time intervals and said means for visually displaying subject matter related to the past event. 2. A time interval and event display device according to claim 1 wherein said means for continuously measuring said time intervals is combined with said means for displaying said time intervals. 3. A time interval and event display device according to claim 1 wherein said means for continuously measuring said time intervals and displaying said time intervals includes electronic devices. 4. A time interval and event display device according to claim 1 wherein said means for continuously measuring said time intervals and displaying said time intervals includes mechanical devices. 5. A time interval and event display device according to claim 1 wherein said means for measuring said time intervals is capable of measuring desired seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, and years as desired. 6. A time interval and event display device according to claim 1 wherein said means for measuring said time intervals is capable of measuring time intervals other than solar time. 7. A time interval and event display device according to claim 1 wherein said means for displaying time intervals also displays the time of said past event. 8. A time interval and event display device according to claim 1 wherein said means for measuring said time intervals includes an actuator means for setting a time relating to said event and current time. 9. A time interval and event display device according to claim 1 wherein said means for continuously measuring said time intervals includes a means for setting a time for providing a signal wherein said signal comprises one of an acoustical, visual, electronic, and palpable signal. 10. A time interval and event display device according to claim 1 wherein said means for continuously measuring said time intervals includes a means for activating an alarm indicating low power supply or for switching power supplies. 11. A time interval and event display device according to claim 1 wherein said means for continuously measuring said time intervals includes a means for adjusting said time interval when time error occurs. 12. A time interval and event display device according to claim 1 wherein said means for displaying said time intervals and said means for visually displaying subject matter related to the event includes palpable methods. 13. A time interval and event display device according to claim 1 wherein said means for mounting provides for a plurality of said time interval and event display devices. 14. A time interval and event display device according to claim 1 wherein said means for mounting includes materials comprising at least one of plastic, glass, crystal, metal, wood, clay, rock, and paper. 15. A time interval and event display device comprising: (a) a video monitor displaying subject matter related to an event and time intervals relating to a time of said event, (b) said time intervals selected to increase in time from a time of a past event having the subject mater related thereto displayed on the video monitor to present time, or said time intervals selected to decrease in time from present time to a time of a future event having the subject matter related thereto depicted on the video monitor, and (c) said time intervals, and the subject matter related to the event being provided by a computer and computer software. 16. A time interval and event display device according to claim 15 wherein the time intervals, said subject matter relating to the event, and said display of time intervals are provided by semiconductor microchips. 17. A time interval and event display device according to claim 15 wherein said means for measuring said time intervals is capable of measuring desired seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, and years as desired. 18. A time interval and event display device according to claim 15, wherein said video monitor also displays the time of the event. 19. A time interval and event display device according to claim 15 wherein said computer and computer software comprises means for continuously measuring said time intervals including means for setting a time for providing a signal wherein said signal comprises one of an acoustical, visual, and palpable signal. 20. A time interval and event display device according to claim 15 wherein said computer and computer software includes means for continuously measuring said time intervals including a means for adjusting said time intervals when time error occurs. 21. A time interval and event display device according to claim 15 wherein said video monitor provides for a plurality of said time interval and event display devices. 22. A time interval and event display device according to claim 15, wherein said time intervals and the subject matter related to the event provided by the computer and computer software comprises a screen display on said video monitor which comprises one of video wallpaper, a desktop display screen or a screen saver screen displayed by said video monitor. 23. A time interval and event display device comprising: means of visually displaying subject matter related to an event; means for displaying time intervals relating to a time of said event, said time intervals selected to increase in time from a time of a past event to present time or selected to decrease in time from present time to a time of a future event; said time intervals being provided by means for continuously measuring said time intervals; and means for mounting said means for measuring said time intervals with said means for displaying said time intervals and said means for visually displaying subject matter related to the event; said means for measuring said time intervals being capable of measuring in seconds, minutes, hours and days. 24. A time interval and event display device according to claim 23, further wherein the means for measuring said time intervals is capable of measuring in years. 25. A time interval and event display device according to claim 24, wherein said means for measuring said time intervals is capable of measuring in at least one of weeks and months. 