A solar battery module is constructed in such a way that a photovoltaic element is fixed on a reinforcing sheet, a plurality of junction boxes for drawing power out of the photovoltaic element to the outside are provided on an anti-light-receiving-surface side of the reinforcing sheet, first spacer members having a height higher than a height of the junction boxes are placed along two opposite sides of the reinforcing sheet, and a second spacer member is placed between the plurality of junction boxes. When it is applied to a roof, the first spacer members are fixed on a roof substrate material, a space defined between the roofing material and the roof substrate material is open to the outside air, and the space is in communication with the inside of a house at the ridge. The above structure simplifies works for securing combination solar battery and roofing materials with forming a draft layer onto the roof. In addition, when stress is exerted on the central portion of panel, the above structure prevents the panel from being deformed and prevents the junction boxes from being broken.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar battery module wherein a photovoltaic element is fixed on a reinforcing sheet, a plurality of junction boxes for drawing power out of said photovoltaic element to the outside are provided on an anti-light-receiving-surface side of the reinforcing sheet, first spacer members having a height higher than a height of the junction boxes are placed along two opposite sides of the reinforcing sheet on an anti-light-receiving-surface side of the reniforcing sheet, and a second spacer member is placed between said plurality of junction boxes and between said first spacer members on an anti-light-receiving-surface side of the reinforcing sheet. 2. A solar battery module according to claim 1, wherein said junction boxes are placed in a space defined by said second spacer member. 3. A solar battery module according to claim 1, wherein an output line is connected to each said junction box and said second spacer member has an engaging portion for engaging with a part of said output line. 4. A solar battery module according to claim 1, wherein said first spacer members are formed by folding of said reinforcing sheet. 5. A roofing material wherein a photovoltaic element is fixed on a reinforcing sheet, a plurality of junction boxes for drawing power out of said photovoltaic element to the outside are provided on an anti-light-receiving-surface side of the reinforcing sheet, first spacer members having a height higher than a height of the junction boxes are placed along two opposite sides of the reinforcing sheet on an anti-light-surface side of the reinforcing sheet, and a second spacer member is placed between said plurality of junction boxes and between said first spacer members on an anti-light-receiving-surface side of the reinforcing sheet. 6. A roofing material according to claim 5, wherein said junction boxes are placed in a space defined by said second spacer member. 7. A roofing material according to claim 5, wherein an output line is connected to each said junction box and said second spacer member has an engaging portion for engaging with a part of said output line. 8. A roofing material according to claim 5, wherein said first spacer members are formed by folding of said reinforcing sheet. 9. A mounting method of a roofing material wherein a photovoltaic element is fixed on a reinforcing sheet, a plurality of junction boxes for drawing power out of said photovoltaic element to the outside are provided on an anti-light-receiving-surface side of the reinforcing sheet, first spacer members having a height higher than a height of the junction boxes are placed along two opposite sides of the reinforcing sheet on an anti-light-receiving-surface side of the reinforcing sheet, and a second spacer member is placed between said plurality of junction boxes and between said first spacer members on an anti-light-receiving-surface side of the reinforcing sheet; wherein said first spacer members of said roofing material are fixed on a roof substrate material. 10. A mounting method of roofing material according to claim 9, wherein the two opposite sides of said reinforcing sheet are bent, said first spacer members are provided along the two bent sides, and said first spacer members project out from edge faces of said reinforcing sheet, said first spacer members being fixed on the roof substrate material in portions thus projecting out. 11. A mounting method of roofing material according to claim 9, wherein a plurality of roofing materials are fixed with non-bent sides thereof being in contact, said mounting method comprising a step of electrically connecting said roofing materials with each other. 12. A mounting method of roofing material according to claim 9, wherein said roofing material is placed so that the outside air is guided into a space defined between said roofing material and said roof substrate material and that the air having passed through the space is introduced into the inside of a house. 13. A mounting method of a roofing material wherein a photovoltaic element is fixed on a reinforcing sheet, two opposite sides of said reinforcing sheet are bent, a plurality of junction boxes for drawing power out of said photovoltaic element to the outside are provided on an anti-light-receiving-surface side of the reinforcing sheet, first spacer members having a height higher than a height of the junction boxes are placed along the two bent sides of said reinforcing sheet on an anti-light-receiving-surface side of the reinforcing sheet, and a second spacer member is placed between said plurality of junction boxes and between said first spacer members on an anti-light-receiving-surface side of the reinforcing sheet; wherein said first spacer members of a plurality of adjacent roofing materials are fixed adjacent to each other on a roof substrate material and a batten is placed so as to cover bent portions of said adjacent reinforcing sheets. 14. A fabrication process of roofing material comprising a step of securing to a reinforcing sheet of a solar battery module, said solar battery module having a photovoltaic element fixed on the reinforcing sheet and having junction boxes for drawing power out of said photovoltaic element to the outside on an anti-light-receiving-surface side of the reinforcing sheet, first spacer members having a height higher than a height of said junction boxes along two opposite sides of said reinforcing sheet on an anti-light-receiving-surface side of the reinforcing sheet, and a step of placing a second spacer member between said plurality of junction boxes and between said first spacer members on an anti-light-receiving-surface side of the reinforcing sheet. 15. A fabrication process of roofing material according to claim 14, further comprising a step of folding said reinforcing sheet. 