A solid state Quantum high Energy density Storage Or Retrieval device known as a quensor, and the trademark ENSOR.TM., having an energy density of about 1-15 kwhr/kg, comparable to gasoline, or more, is described. A fundamentally new principle is employed: A quensor film comprises oriented molecules with donor and acceptor groups and with metal layers on its surfaces. A dipole electric field may be established in the gap between a donor and an acceptor. Electric energy is stored in or retrieved from dipole electric fields throughout the volume of the quensor film. Electric energy is stored in the quensor film by charging the dipole electric fields from an electric energy source. Electric energy is retrieved from a quensor film by discharging the dipole electric fields and supplying the energy to a load. Electric breakdown in the film is avoided because positive and negative electric charges in the film are balanced everywhere. Busbars attached to the metal layers are connected to terminals for charging or discharging the device. The manufacture of a quensor film is described. A composite photovoltaic and quensor panel for the storage or retrieval of solar-electric energy day or night on demand is also described.
Claims What I wish to claim is: 1. In a sheet for electric energy storage or retrieval, first and second surfaces on said sheet, first and second conducting films on said surfaces, an axis normal to said surfaces, a donor, an acceptor, a linker, a gap, a pair, said pair comprising a said donor and a said acceptor chemically bonded to opposite ends of said linker, a plurality of insulating pairs being located head to tail on said axis, a said gap between each adjacent pair, each said gap being about 5 to 30 .ANG.; wherein said plurality of insulating pairs are aligned parallel to the axis normal to said surfaces. 2. In a system for electric energy storage or retrieval, a sheet, first and second conducting films on the surfaces of said sheet, an axis normal to said surfaces, a donor, an acceptor, a linker, a gap, a pair, said pair comprising a said donor and a said acceptor chemically bonded to opposite ends of said linker, a plurality of said pairs being located head to tail on said axis, a said gap between each adjacent pair, each said gap being about 5 to 30 .ANG., a DC electric energy source, positive and negative terminals on said -source, said negative terminal of said source connected to said first conducting film, said positive terminal of said source connected to said second conducting film, whereby electric energy from said source withdraws an electron from a said donor, thereby positively ionizing said donor, said electron tunneling from said donor across said gap negatively ionizing a said acceptor, internal and external dipole electric fields being established between said positive and negative ions, electric energy from said source being stored in the said electric fields; or, in lieu of said source, a load, said load being connected to said first and second conducting films thereby providing an electric circuit through said load, discharging said ions, said stored electric energy being delivered to said load. 3. In a sheet for electric energy storage or retrieval, first and second surfaces on said sheet, first and second conducting films on said surfaces, an axis normal to said surfaces, a donor, an acceptor, a linker, a gap, a pair, said pair comprising a said donor and a said acceptor chemically bonded to opposite ends of said linker, a plurality of pairs being located head to tail on said axis, a said gap between each adjacent pair, each said gap being about 5 to 30 .ANG.; in which said conducting films are metal films, a composite polymer, said composite polymer comprising a first polymer chain and a second polymer chain, OXYZ axes, said sheet comprising first and second polymer chains, said surfaces on said sheet being parallel to the YOZ plane, said composite polymer film being stretch-oriented parallel to the OZ axis, said first and second metal films being on said surfaces of said sheet, a donor and an acceptor chemically bound to said first polymer chain, said second polymer chain being an insulator, said first and second polymers being in the weight proportion (1-x) and x respectively, where 3<[x/(1-x)]<20, thereby providing a tunneling gap between adjacent donor and acceptors on said polymer chains, enabling an electron to tunnel from a said donor on a polymer chain to a said acceptor on an adjacent polymer chain, a first strip electrode, a second strip electrode, said first strip electrode being connected on one edge of said film to said first conducting film, and said second strip electrode being connected on the other edge to said second conducting film. 4. A sheet for electric energy storage or retrieval according to claim 3 in which said first polymer is polytetrafluoroethylene and said second polymer is polyethylene. 5. A sheet for electric energy storage or retrieval according to claim 3 in which a said donor is a fluorine atom on a first polymer chain, and a said acceptor is a fluorine atom on an adjacent first polymer chain. 6. A sheet for electric energy storage or retrieval according to claim 3 in which the said sheet has a thickness of about 300 to 10000 .ANG., and the charging or discharging potential difference is a few hundred to a few thousand volts. 7. A device for electric energy storage or retrieval according to claim 3 in which a plurality of said sheets are stacked, and in which said first and second metal films are connected to said first and said second strip electrodes on opposite sides of said sheets parallel to the OZ axis. 8. A device for electric energy storage or retrieval according to claim 7 in which the said sheets are wound on the order of about 50,000 turns in a cylindrical roll. 9. A device for electric energy storage or retrieval according to claim 8, an enclosure, terminals on said enclosure, said cylindrical roll mounted in said enclosure, said first and second strip electrodes connected to said terminals on said enclosure. 10. A sheet for electric energy storage or retrieval according to claim 1 in which the said donor atom is fluorine, and said acceptor atom is fluorine in a close array, the energy storage per unit weight of said sheet being 1-15 kwhrs/kg. 11. A sheet for electric energy storage or retrieval according to claim 1, in which said donors are selected from the class consisting of elements or groups listed in TABLE IV; and, in which said acceptors are selected from the class consisting of elements or groups listed in Table III. 12. A sheet for electric energy storage or retrieval according to claim 3, in which the said first and second polymers are combined chemically as their monomers into a copolymer chain, the weight ratio of said second monomer to said first monomer being from 3 to 20, whereby the mean free path of an electron between a said donor and a said acceptor on an adjacent polymer chain is between 5 .ANG. and 20 .ANG.. 13. A sheet for electric energy storage or retrieval according to claim 3, in which said first polymer chain is short and in which said second polymer chain is long, said first polymer chain being intermixed and aligned in a matrix of said second polymer chains, whereby the mean free path of an electron tunnelling across a gap between a donor and an acceptor on adjacent polymer chains is about 5 .ANG. to 30 .ANG.. 14. A sheet for electric energy storage or retrieval according to claim 3, in which only said first polymer chains are present, rigid cross-linked pillar groups orthogonal to and separating adjacent polymer chains a distance of 5 to 30 .ANG., the space between said polymer chains being otherwise empty. 15. In a sheet for electric energy storage or retrieval according to claim 1, a linear structure, said structure comprising a said donor-and a said acceptor chemically bound to opposite ends of said linker, a fluid medium, said fluid medium being capable of solidification, said structures being dissolved or suspended in said fluid, a layer of said fluid containing said structures between said conducting films; a first means to apply an electric field to align and electroorder said structures parallel to said axis, and a second means to solidify said fluid and retain the alignment of said structure. 16. In a device according to claim 7, a DC-AC inverter, a load, said device being connected to said inverter and said load, whereby said high voltage DC electric power output is converted to low voltage AC electric power and supplied to said load. 17. In a composite sheet for the storage or retrieval of solar electric energy, a photovoltaic (PV) sheet and a quensor (Q) sheet, the said photovoltaic (PV) sheet for the conversion of solar energy to electric energy, and the said quensor (Q) sheet for the storage or retrieval of electric energy according to claim 1, said PV and said Q sheet being secured together as a composite PVQ sheet, first and second electric terminals on said PV and Q sheets, a load, said load being connected electrically to said PV and Q sheets, whereby solar-electric energy is provided to said load on demand day or night. 