The present invention describes various methods and apparatus to increase efficiency and sales of a Newspaper Rack. Several sensors are positioned throughout the Newspaper Rack to monitor when the remaining inventory reaches a predetermined quantity or is depleted. A logic circuit monitors the sensors and when the sensors change state, a signal is transmitted to a central location. The central location may add time-stamping, reference the location, and compile the information into a database. The central location notifies the proper party to service the Newspaper Rack. The Newspaper Rack can include various mechanisms to stimulate customers into purchasing a Newspaper, such as a visual display or audible means. The stimulating information can be obtained and/or changed using wireless transmission to a receiver. The Newspaper Rack can include external monitoring devices to gather information for traffic flow, weather, or other desirable information. This can offset the service costs for monitoring the inventory levels. Power consumption and replenishment are considered by the inclusion of solar cells to recharge the battery, placement of the battery under the platform for ease of replacement, and the inclusion of a battery monitoring circuit for optimizing replacement.
Claims What is claimed: 1. A method for the monitoring the inventory of a Newspaper Rack comprising the steps: placing at least one Newspaper onto a platform and at least one Newspaper positioned within a door; monitoring the inventory of the Newspapers using at least one inventory sensor which changes state when at least one of the last newspaper positioned on the platform is removed, the newspaper positioned within the door is removed, and a moveable platform is positioned to a predetermined position; identifying a change in state of the sensor, providing a wireless transmission to notify a party that said Newspaper Rack requires servicing. 2. The method of claim 1, the method further comprising the step: the service person triggering an indicating device which causes the system to transmit a service complete signal. 3. The method of claim 1, the method further comprising the step: using the internet to manage the decoded wireless transmissions, and wherein the step of determining the time representative of the transmission is accomplished using at least one of the internet and the time registered by the decoding system. 4. The method of claim 1, the method further comprising the steps: allowing the customer to automatically pay for the Newspaper. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein the step of allowing the customer to automatically pay for the Newspaper, utilizes at least one of: A) a mechanical coin mechanism, B) an electromechanical coin mechanism, C) a cash reader, D) a debt card reader, E) a credit card reader, F) a smart card system, G) an RF recognition system, H) an iris recognition system, I) a fingerprint recognition system, J) payment made at an ATM machine, and K) payment made at a fuel dispensing apparatus. 6. The method of claim 1, the method further comprising the steps: receiving the wireless transmission, and decoding the wireless transmission to determine the location of the Newspaper Rack. 7. The method of claim 6, the method further comprising the step: using the internet to manage the decoded wireless transmissions. 8. The method of claim 6, the method further comprising the step: determining a time representative to the transmission. 9. A Newspaper Rack comprising: a wireless receiver; a decoding circuit to decode a wireless transmission; an electronic storage apparatus for storing a sales stimulating message; and at least one of an electronically changeable, visual alerting display and an audible alerting device. 10. The Newspaper Rack of claim 9, the Newspaper Rack further comprising: a sensor to identify when the inventory of Newspapers within a Newspaper Rack are equal to or below a predetermined quantity. 11. The Newspaper Rack of claim 9, the Newspaper Rack further comprising: a solar power source. 12. A Newspaper Rack comprising: a moveable platform for positioning a plurality of Newspapers; a sales access door; at least one of an inventory sensor to monitor when at least one Newspaper is positioned on the moveable platform, an inventory sensor to monitor when the moveable platform equals or passes a predetermined position and an inventory sensor to monitor when a Newspaper is positioned within the sales access door; a circuit for monitoring at least one of the at least one of inventory sensors of the Newspaper Rack; and a wireless transmitter. 13. The Newspaper Rack of claim 12, the Newspaper Rack further comprising: a solar power source. 14. The Newspaper Rack of claim 12, the Newspaper Rack further comprising: a battery. 15. The Newspaper Rack of claim 12, the Newspaper Rack further comprising: a transparent viewing panel located with the sales access door, and an antenna, whereby the antenna is coupled to the Newspaper Rack at least one of externally and adjacent a transparent viewing panel. 16. The Newspaper Rack of claim 12, the Newspaper Rack further comprising: a service indicator, whereby the service indicator is to be operated by a service person to indicate that the Newspaper Rack has received service, and the service indicator is integrated into the system whereby when the service indicator is operated, the system transmits a service indicating signal. 17. The Newspaper Rack of claim 12, the Newspaper Rack further comprising: an external activity monitoring apparatus. 18. The Newspaper Rack of claim 12, the Newspaper Rack further comprising: an automated payment system. 19. The Newspaper Rack of claim 18, the Newspaper Rack further comprising at least one of: L) a mechanical coin mechanism, M) an electromechanical coin mechanism, N) a cash reader, O) a debt card reader, P) a credit card reader, Q) a smart card system, R) an RF recognition system, S) an iris recognition system, and T) a fingerprint recognition system. 20. The Newspaper Rack of claim 14, the Newspaper Rack further comprising: a battery monitoring circuit. 21. The Newspaper Rack of claim 20, the Newspaper Rack wherein the battery is coupled to the underside of the moveable platform. 