The present invention provides an improved lock water purifier and method. In a presently preferred embodiment a floating salt housing is provided to produce a high salt concentration salt brine within the salt housing. A plurality of metallic probes are removably positioned within the salt housing. The metallic probes are preferably not connected to a power source but rather react within the salt brine to produce metallic ions. A channel is provided whereby the metallic ions can flow into the body of water. The number of metallic probes can be controlled to thereby control the amount of metallic ions produced. As well, moveable gates can be utilized to control the flow of metallic ions into the body of water. In a preferred embodiment, a chlorine generator is also provided which comprises a power source, preferably a solar power source, which supplies power to a plurality of cell plates. The powered cell plates react with the salt brine to produce chlorine atoms that are channeled into the body of water with the metallic ions. In a preferred embodiment, the apparatus a floating device however it does not have to be.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A water purifier for purifying a body of water, comprising: a floating salt canister fillable with salt and water to form a salt brine; a power source secured to said floating salt canister; at least two cells connected to said power source; and a flow path from said salt canister through said at least two cells and into said body of water such that when said salt brine flows between said two cells, said power source connected to said at least two cells produces a reaction that produces a flow of chlorine atoms into said body of water for purifying said body of water. 2. The water purifier of claim 1, further comprising a float slidably mounted to said floating salt canister for urging said salt upwardly to thereby maintain a high concentration of salt at said at least two cells. 3. The water purifier of claim 1, further comprising: at least one metallic probe mounted within said salt canister for reacting with said salt brine to produce metallic ions. 4. The water purifier of claim 3, wherein said at least one metallic probe is not connected by wiring to said power source. 5. The water purifier of claim 3, further comprising moveable gates to control fluid flow from into said body of water. 6. The water purifier of claim 3, wherein said metallic probes are comprised of copper. 7. The water purifier of claim 3, wherein said metallic probes are comprised of silver. 8. The water purifier of claim 1, wherein said power source comprises solar cells. 9. A water purifier for purifying a body of water, comprising: a salt housing fillable with salt and water to form a salt brine; and at least one metallic probe mounted within said salt housing for reacting with said salt brine to produce metallic ions whereby said metallic ions flow into said body of water for purifying said body of water. 10. The water purifier of claim 9, further comprising a biasing member slidably mounted to said salt housing for urging said salt adjacent said at least one metallic probe. 11. The water purifier of claim 9, wherein said biasing member is a float. 12. The water purifier of claim 9, further comprising: a solar panel, a pair of cells electrically connected to said solar panel such that said flow path passes adjacent said pair of electrodes. 13. The water purifier of claim 9, further comprising; a float attached to said salt housing for supporting said salt housing within said body of water. 14. A method for water purifying a body of water, comprising: providing a salt housing fillable with salt and water to form a salt brine; providing a power source for a plurality of electrodes in contact with said salt brine to thereby produce a reaction that produces chlorine atoms and bubbles; and providing a flow channel adjacent said electrodes such that upward movement of said bubbles induces flow of said chlorine atoms through said flow channel and into said body of water. 15. The method claim 14, further comprising providing a biasing member to bias said salt towards said electrodes. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising providing a float for supporting salt housing in said body of water. 17. The method of claim 14, further comprising mounting one or more metallic probes within said salt housing such that said one or more metallic probes are not connected by wiring to said solar power source. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising providing that said one or more metallic probes react within said salt to produce metallic ions such that said metallic ions flow into said body of water. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising providing one or more moveable gates for controlling flow of said metallic ions into said body of water. 20. The method of claim 14, further comprising providing that said floating solar power source comprises a solar panel. 