A central solar receiver comprises an axisymmetric housing having front and rear ends and having an aperture at the front end, an elongated tubular window mounted in the aperture co-axially with the housing, a volumetric solar absorber disposed within the housing and extending around and along the elongated window for absorbing solar radiation that has passed therethrough; and working fluid ingress and egress formed in the housing so as to, respectively, inject thereto, and withdraw therefrom, a pressurized working fluid in a manner enabling the working fluid interaction with the volumetric absorber. The window has an open front end which is secured to the housing at the front end thereof, and a closed rear end which is disposed adjacent the rear end of the housing and is free of any securing thereto.
Claims We claim: 1. A central solar receiver comprising: a housing having a longitudinal axis of symmetry and front and rear ends spaced therealong, and having an aperture at the front end; a tubular window mounted in said aperture co-axially with the housing, the window having an open front end which is secured to said housing at the front end of the housing, a closed rear end which is disposed adjacent the rear end of the housing and is free of any securing thereto, and an elongated window body extending along said axis between the front and rear ends of the window, the window having a first surface facing incident concentrated solar radiation and a second surface facing the interior of the housing; a volumetric solar absorber disposed within said housing and extending around and along said window for absorbing solar radiation that has passed therethrough; and a working fluid ingress and a working fluid egress formed in said housing so as to, respectively, inject thereto, and withdraw therefrom, a pressurized working fluid in a manner enabling the working fluid interaction with said volumetric absorber, wherein said working fluid ingress is located adjacent the rear end of the housing co-axially therewith and faces said closed end of the window. 2. The central solar receiver according to claim 1, wherein the front end of the window is secured to the housing by elastic mounting devices located around the aperture in said housing. 3. The central solar receiver according to claim 2, wherein said mounting devices are spring-loaded clamps. 4. The central solar receiver according to claim 1, wherein said rear closed end of the window has a concavely curved shape continuously merging with said window body. 5. The central solar receiver according to claim 1, wherein said rear closed end of the window is flat. 6. The central solar receiver according to claim 1, further comprising an additional solar absorber mounted in the housing between the working fluid ingress and the closed end of the window. 7. The central solar receiver according to claim 6, wherein said absorber has a transverse dimension greater than that of the closed end of the window, so as to absorb concentrated solar radiation that has passed through said closed end. 8. The central solar receiver according to claim 7, wherein said additional volumetric absorber has passages capable of passing therethrough the working fluid flowing from said ingress. 9. The central solar receiver according to claim 8, where said ingress is in the form of a duct having a front funnel and said additional volumetric absorber is mounted in said funnel. 10. The central solar receiver according to claim 9, wherein said additional volumetric absorber is generally disc-shaped. 11. The central solar receiver according to claim 1, wherein said window has a frusto-conical body. 12. The central solar receiver according to claim 1, wherein said window has a cylindrical body in which said front end is in the form of a rim having a diameter greater than that of the cylindrical body. 13. The central solar receiver according to claim 1, wherein said window is of a double-pane type. 14. For use in a central solar receiver having an aperture at its front end, a window for mounting in said aperture and for admitting and passing into the receiver incident concentrated solar radiation, the window having a longitudinal axis and having a tubular shape with an open front end adapted for being secured in said aperture of the receiver, a closed rear end free of any securing means, and an elongated body window extending along said axis, said window body having either a frusto-conical shape or a cylindrical shape in which said front end is in the form of a rim having a diameter greater than that of the cylindrical body. 15. The window according to claim 14, wherein said window is of a double-pane type. 16. The window according to claim 14, wherein said rear closed end of the window has a concavely curved shape continuously merging with said window body. 17. The window according to claim 14, wherein said rear closed end of the window is flat. 18. A central solar receiver comprising: an axisymmetric housing having front and rear ends and an aperture at the front end; a tubular window mounted in said aperture co-axially with the housing, the window having an open front end which is secured to said housing by the elastic mounting devices located around the aperture of the housing and a closed rear end which is disposed adjacent the rear end of the housing and is free of any securing thereto, the window having a first surface facing incident concentrated solar radiation and a second surface facing the interior of the housing; a volumetric solar absorber disposed within said housing and extending around and along said window for absorbing solar radiation that has passed therethrough; and a working fluid ingress and a working fluid egress formed in said housing so as to, respectively, inject thereto, and withdraw therefrom, a pressurized working fluid in a manner enabling the working fluid interaction with said volumetric absorber. 19. A central solar receiver comprising: an axisymmetric housing having front and rear ends and an aperture at the front end; a tubular window mounted in said aperture co-axially with the housing, the window having an open front end which is secured to said housing at the front end of the housing, a closed rear end which is disposed adjacent the rear end of the housing and is free of any securing thereto, and as window body having wither a frusto-conical shape or a cylindrical shape in which said front end is in the form of a rim having a diameter greater than that of the cylindrical body; the window having a first surface facing the interior of the housing; a volumetric solar absorber disposed within said housing and extending around and along said window for absorbing solar radiation that has passed therethrough; and a working fluid ingress and a working fluid egress formed in said housing so as to, respectively, inject thereto, and withdraw therefrom, a pressurized working fluid in a manner enabling the working fluid interaction with said volumetric absorber. 