A system and method for power management is described that provides for monitoring and controlling a regenerative fuel cell and at least one powered device. The power management system includes a communication interface to facilitate data transmission, a communication device for monitoring and controlling a regenerative fuel cell and at least one powered device, the communication device providing for sending data to and receiving data from at least one powered device over a communication interface, a regenerative fuel cell for providing storage and supply of electricity, and a power interface for allowing electricity generated by the regenerative fuel cell to power at least one powered device.
Claims We claim: 1. A system for power management, comprising: (a) a regenerative fuel cell; and (b) a communication interface configured to allow communication of data between said regenerative fuel cell and at least one external device powered by the fuel cell, wherein the regenerative fuel cell is configured to deliver power to said device responsive to one or more parameters received from the at least one external device over the interface. 2. The system as in claim 1, wherein the regenerative fuel cell comprises a fuel storage unit for storing fuel, a fuel cell for electrochemically reacting the fuel with a second reactant to release electricity, a reaction product storage unit for storing reaction product resulting from the reaction, and a fuel regenerator for electrochemically recovering the fuel from the reaction product. 3. The system as in claim 2, wherein the regenerative fuel cell further comprises a second reactant storage unit. 4. The system as in claim 2, wherein the fuel regenerator is the fuel cell. 5. The system as in claim 2, further comprising a system for inserting and removing quantities of the fuel. 6. The system as in claim 2, further comprising a system for inserting and removing quantities of the second reactant. 7. The system as in claim 2, further comprising a system for inserting and removing quantities of the reaction product. 8. The system as in claim 2, wherein the fuel is hydrogen. 9. The system as in claim 2, wherein the fuel is zinc. 10. The system as in claim 2, wherein the second reactant is oxygen. 11. The system as in claim 2, wherein at least one of the fuel storage unit, the second reactant storage unit, or the reaction product storage unit can simultaneously store an electrolyte. 12. The system as in claim 1 further comprising a communication device which monitors the regenerative fuel cell. 13. The system as in claim 1 further comprising a communication device which controls the regenerative fuel cell to deliver or receive power responsive to data received over the interface. 14. The system as in claim 1, in combination with at least one powered device. 15. The system as in claim 14, wherein the at least one powered device is powered at least in part by the regenerative fuel cell. 16. The system as in claim 14 further comprising a communication device, wherein the communication device monitors the at least one powered device. 17. The system as in claim 14, wherein the at least one powered device includes a communication device for sending and receiving data over the communication interface. 18. The system as in claim 14, wherein the at least one powered device can monitor and control other powered devices. 19. The system as in claim 14, wherein the at least one powered device is selected from the group comprising an energy usage system, security system, environmental system, commercial devices, consumer devices, industrial devices, manufacturing devices, vehicles, automobiles, trucks, trailer, recreational vehicle, motorcycle, smart appliances, household appliances, engines, computers, telecommunication equipment, cellular base stations, distributed terminals, sensors, electrical devices located onboard a vehicle, or any electric powered device. 20. The system as in claim 1 further comprising a communication device which can send data to and receive data from at least one selected from the group comprising at least one powered device or at least one energy source. 21. The system as in claim 1 further comprising a communication device which can send data to and receive data from at least one other communication device. 22. The system as in claim 21, wherein the at least one other communication device is selected from the group comprising a computer, server system, mainframe, laptop, PDA (personal digital assistant), handheld computer, mobile phone, facsimile machine, telephone, or video phone. 23. The system as in claim 21, wherein the at least one other communication device has a graphical user interface. 24. The system as in claim 23, wherein the graphical user interface is an Internet web browser. 25. The system as in claim 1 further comprising a communication device, wherein the communication device is directly connected to the regenerative fuel cell. 26. The system as in claim 1 further comprising a communication device, wherein the communication device is a processor coupled to memory. 27. The system as in claim 1 further comprising a communication device, wherein the communication device is at least one selected from the group comprising of a computer, laptop, handheld computer, PDA (personal digital assistant), mainframe, server system, mobile phone, or any other similar device. 28. The system as in claim 1, wherein the communication device is configured to track power usage information for at least one apparatus selected from the group comprising a regenerative fuel cell, at least one powered device, or at least one energy source. 29. The system as in claim 1, wherein the system is configured to deliver and receive power over a power interface. 30. The system as in claim 29, wherein the communication interface and the power interface are the same interface. 31. The system as in claim 29, wherein the communication interface and power interface are different interfaces. 32. The system as in claim 1, wherein the communication interface is a computer network. 33. The system as in claim 1, in combination with at least one energy source for supplying power. 34. The system as in claim 33 further comprising a communication device, wherein the communication device is in communication with the at least one energy source. 35. The system as in claim 33, wherein the at least one energy source is selected from the group comprising a reciprocating engine, combustion engine, regional electric grid, rotating engine, solar energy collector, battery, generator, turbine, water wheel, flywheel, capacitor, or wind energy collector. 36. The system of claim 33, in combination with at least one powered device, wherein the at least one energy source is configured to supply primary power to the at least one powered device. 37. The system of claim 33, wherein the regenerative fuel cell is configured to supply backup power to the at least one powered device. 38. The system as in claim 33, wherein the at least one energy source is configured to supply power to at least one apparatus selected from the group comprising a fuel regenerator, regenerative fuel cell, or communication device. 39. The system as in claim 1, further comprising a system for recovering waste heat from the regenerative fuel cell and using the waste heat to heat air or water. 40. The system as in claim 1, further comprising an electric meter. 41. The system as in claim 40 further comprising a communication device, herein the electric meter is in communication with the communication device. 42. The system as in claim 40, wherein the electric meter can be used to determine an electric bill. 43. A system for power management, comprising: (a) a regenerative fuel cell; (b) a communication interface configured to allow communication of data between said regenerative fuel cell and at least one external device, wherein the regenerative fuel cell is configured to deliver or receive power responsive to one or more parameters received from the at least one external device over the interface; and (c) a communication device incorporated into the physical structure of the regenerative fuel cell. 44. A system for power management, comprising: (a) a regenerative fuel cell; (b) a communication interface configured to allow communication of data between said regenerative fuel cell and at least one external device, wherein the regenerative fuel cell is configured to deliver or receive power responsive to one or more parameters received from the at least one external device over the interface; and (c) a communication device comprising a processor coupled to a memory, and also comprising a display, and an input device. 45. A system for power management, comprising: (a) a regenerative fuel cell; and (b) a communication interface configured to allow communication of data between said regenerative fuel cell and at least one external device, wherein the regenerative fuel cell is configured to deliver or receive power responsive to one or more parameters received from the at least one external device over the interface, and the communication interface is an internet. 46. A system for power management, comprising: (a) a regenerative fuel cell; and (b) a communication interface configured to allow communication of data between said regenerative fuel cell and at least one external device, wherein the regenerative fuel cell is configured to deliver or receive power responsive to one or more parameters received from the at least one external device over the interface, and the communication interface is a wireless based system. 47. The system as in claim 46, wherein the wireless based system is selected from the group comprising a cellular based, digital cellular, GSM (Global System for Mobile communication), PCS (personal communications services), PDC (personal digital cellular), radio communications, or satellite communications system. 48. The system as in claim 46, wherein the wireless based system is configured to utilize either a WAP (wireless application protocol) or a bluetooth wireless technology standard for sending and receiving data over the communication interface. 49. A system for power management, comprising: (a) a regenerative fuel cell; and (b) a communication interface configured to allow communication of data between said regenerative fuel cell and at least one external device, wherein the regenerative fuel cell is configured to deliver or receive power responsive to one or more parameters received from the at least one external device over the interface, and the communication interface is a land-line based system. 50. The system as in claim 49, wherein the land-line based system is selected from the group comprising a local area network, wide area network, ISDN (integrated services digital network), DSL (digital subscriber line), xDSL (ADSL, HDSL, RADSL), Internet Cable, cable modem, PPP (point-to-point protocol) connections, modem, telephone lines, or electrical wiring. 51. A system for power management, comprising: (a) a regenerative fuel cell; (b) a communication interface configured to allow communication of data between said regenerative fuel cell and at least one external device, wherein the regenerative fuel cell is configured to deliver or receive power responsive to one or more parameters received from the at least one external device over the interface; and (c) a system for allowing electricity generated by the regenerative fuel cell to be delivered to the regional electric grid. 52. A system for power management, comprising: (a) a regenerative fuel cell; (b) a communication interface configured to allow communication of data between said regenerative fuel cell and at least one external device, wherein the regenerative fuel cell is configured to deliver or receive power responsive to one or more parameters received from the at least one external device over the interface; and (c) an electric meter. 53. A system for power management, comprising: (a) a regenerative fuel cell; (b) at least one powered device; (c) a communication interface configured to allow communication of data between the regenerative fuel cell and the at least one powered device; and (d) a user interface for communicating data between a user and the regenerative fuel cell, wherein the regenerative fuel cell is configured to deliver power to the at least one powered device responsive to data originating with the user. 54. The system as in claim 53, wherein the regenerative fuel cell comprises a fuel storage unit for storing fuel, a fuel cell for electrochemically reacting the fuel with a second reactant to release electricity, a reaction product storage unit for storing reaction product resulting from the reaction, and a fuel regenerator for electrochemically recovering the fuel from the reaction product. 55. The system as in claim 54, wherein the regenerative fuel cell further comprises a second reactant storage unit. 56. The system as in claim 54, wherein the fuel regenerator is the fuel cell. 57. The system as in claim 54, further comprising a system for inserting and removing quantities of at least one selected from the group comprising the fuel, the second reactant, or the reaction product. 58. The system as in claim 53 further comprising a communication device, wherein the communication device is incorporated into the regenerative fuel cell. 59. The system as in claim 53 further comprising a communication device, wherein the communication device is directly connected to the regenerative fuel cell. 60. The system as in claim 53 further comprising a communication device, wherein the communication device is a processor coupled to memory. 61. The system as in claim 60, wherein the communication device further comprises a display with an input device. 62. The system as in claim 53 further comprising a communication device, wherein the communication device is selected from the group comprising a computer, laptop, handheld computer, PDA (personal digital assistant), mainframe, server system, mobile phone, or any other similar device. 63. The system as in claim 53 further comprising a communication device, wherein the communication device is configured to track power usage information for at least one apparatus selected from the group comprising a regenerative fuel cell, at least one powered device, or at least one energy source. 64. The system as in claim 53, wherein the system is configured to deliver and receive power over a power interface. 65. The system as in claim 64, wherein the communication interface and the power interface are the same interface. 66. The system as in claim 64, wherein the communication interface and power interface are different interfaces. 67. The system as in claim 53, wherein the communication interface is a computer network. 68. The system as in claim 53, wherein the communication interface is a wireless based system. 69. The system as in claim 68, wherein the wireless based system is selected from the group comprising a cellular based, digital cellular, GSM (Global System for Mobile communication), PCS (personal communications services), PDC (personal digital cellular), radio communications, or satellite communications system. 70. The system as in claim 68, wherein the wireless based system is configured to utilize either a WAP (wireless application protocol) or a bluetooth wireless technology standard for sending and receiving data over the communication interface. 71. The system as in claim 53, wherein the communication interface is a land-line based system. 72. The system as in claim 71, wherein the land-line based system is selected from the group comprising a local area network, wide area network, ISDN (integrated services digital network), DSL (digital subscriber line), xDSL (ADSL, HDSL, RADSL), Internet Cable, cable modem, PPP (point-to-point protocol) connections, modem, telephone lines, or electrical wiring. 73. The system as in claim 53 further comprising first and second communication devices, wherein the first communication device communicates with the at least one powered device and the second communication device over different implementations of the communication interface. 74. The system as in claim 53, wherein the at least one powered device can monitor and control other powered devices. 75. The system as in claim 53, wherein the at least one powered device is selected from the group comprising an energy usage system, security system, environmental system, commercial devices, consumer devices, industrial devices, manufacturing devices, vehicles, automobiles, trucks, trailer, recreational vehicle, motorcycle, smart appliances, household appliances, engines, computers, telecommunication equipment, cellular base stations, distributed terminals, sensors, electrical devices located onboard a vehicle, or any electric powered device. 76. The system as in claim 53, in combination with at least one energy source for supplying power. 77. The system as in claim 76, wherein the at least one energy source is selected from the group comprising a reciprocating engine, combustion engine, regional electric grid, rotating engine, solar energy collector, battery, generator, turbine, water wheel, flywheel, capacitor, or wind energy collector. 78. The system as in claim 53 further comprising a communication device within the user interface which is selected from the group comprising a computer, server system, mainframe, laptop, PDA (personal digital assistant), handheld computer, mobile phone, facsimile machine, telephone, or video phone. 79. The system as in claim 53 further comprising a communication device within the user interface, wherein the communication device has a graphical user interface. 80. The system as in claims 79, wherein the graphical user interface is an Internet web browser. 81. The system as in claim 53, wherein the user interface includes a manual entry device selected from the group comprising a keyboard, keypad, pointing device, input device, mouse, light pen, remote control, shortcut buttons or any other related entry device. 82. The system as in claim 53, wherein the user interface includes a voice recognition system for receiving voice information from a user speaking into a microphone, and translating the voice information into digital information. 83. The system as in claim 53, wherein the user interface includes neural attachments secured to a user's brain which are configured to translate electrical impulses from the brain into digital information. 84. The system as in claim 53, further comprising a system for recovering waste heat from the regenerative fuel cell and using the waste heat to heat air or water. 85. The system as in claim 53, further comprising an electric meter. 86. A system for power management, comprising: (a) a regenerative fuel cell; (b) at least one powered device; (c) a communication interface configured to allow communication of data between the regenerative fuel cell and the at least one powered device, wherein the communication interface is an internet; and (d) a user interface for communicating data between a user and the regenerative fuel cell, wherein the regenerative fuel cell is configured to deliver power to the at least one powered device responsive to data originating with the user. 87. A system for power management by monitoring and controlling a regenerative fuel cell and at least one powered device, comprising: (a) a regenerative fuel cell comprising a fuel storage unit for storing fuel, a fuel cell for electrochemically reacting the fuel with a second reactant to release electricity, a reaction product storage unit for storing reaction product resulting from the reaction, a fuel regenerator for electrochemically recovering the fuel from the reaction product, and an optional second reactant storage unit; (b) at least one interface comprising a communication interface and a power interface, wherein data can be sent and received over the communication interface and electricity can be sent and received over the power interface; (c) a communication device configured for monitoring and controlling the regenerative fuel cell, wherein the communication device can communicate with the at least one powered device over the communication interface; (d) at least one powered device that is electric consuming; (e) at least one energy source in communication with the communication device, the at least one energy source providing electricity to the regenerative fuel cell and at least one powered device, wherein the regenerative fuel cell can provide electricity to the at least one energy source; and (f) a user interface for exchanging information between a user and the cell or device. 88. A method for remotely controlling a regenerative fuel cell, comprising: (a) inputting data over a user interface; (b) providing the data to a communication device over a communication interface, wherein the communication device monitors and controls the regenerative fuel cell; and (c) configuring the regenerative fuel cell to deliver power responsive to the data. 89. The method as in claim 88, wherein the data comprises control parameters for the regenerative fuel cell. 90. The method as in claim 88, wherein the communication interface is a wireless interface. 91. The method as in claim 88, wherein the communication interface is an internet. 92. A method of monitoring at least one powered device, comprising: (a) gathering data from at least one powered device being powered by a regenerative fuel cell; (b) transmitting the data from the at least one powered device to a regenerative fuel cell over a communication interface; and (c) receiving and storing the data on a communication device in control of the regenerative fuel cell. 93. The method as in claim 92, wherein the data is selected from a group comprising power usage information, environmental information, operating parameters, or control parameters. 94. A method of monitoring at least one powered device, comprising: (a) gathering data from at least one powered device being powered by a regenerative fuel cell; (b) transmitting the data from the at least one powered device to a regenerative fuel cell over a communication interface; (c) receiving and storing the data on a communication device in control of the regenerative fuel cell; and (d) transmitting the data to a user. 95. A method of monitoring at least one powered device, comprising: (a) gathering data from at least one powered device being powered by a regenerative fuel cell; (b) transmitting the data from the at least one powered device to a regenerative fuel cell over a communication interface; (c) receiving and storing the data on a communication device in control of the regenerative fuel cell; and (d) comparing the data against preset control parameters supplied by a user. 96. The method as in claim 95, further comprising the step of delivering power to the powered device responsive to the data. 97. The method as in claim 95, further comprising the steps of: (a) receiving the updated control parameters by at least one powered device; (b) sending the updated control parameters from the powered device to other powered devices; and (c) adjusting operation to perform within the updated control parameters. 98. A method of monitoring and controlling a zinc regenerative fuel cell and at least one powered device comprising: (a) receiving power delivery requests; (b) activating the zinc regenerative fuel cell by commands from the communication device; (c) electrochemically reacting a fuel and a second reactant; (d) generating electricity and a reaction product from the reaction; and e) delivering the generated electricity. 99. A system for power management, comprising: (a) a regenerative fuel cell; and (b) a communication device configured to (1) receive data from a source; and (2) manage, responsive to the data, providing power from one or the other of an energy source and the regenerative fuel cell to one or more powered devices. 100. The system of claim 99 wherein the communication device is configured to operatively engage, responsive to the data, one or the other of the energy source and the regenerative fuel cell to provide power to the one or more powered devices. 101. The system of claim 99 wherein the source of data is an energy source. 102. The system of claim 99 wherein the source of data is a powered device. 103. The system of claim 99 wherein the source of data is a user input device. 104. The system of claim 99 wherein the source of data is an external device. 105. The system of claim 99 wherein the communication device is configured to operatively engage the regenerative fuel cell to provide power to the one or more powered devices during peak usage periods, and operatively engage an energy source to provide power to the one or more powered devices during off-peak usage periods. 106. A method of providing power to one or more loads, comprising: (a) receiving data from a source; and (b) managing, responsive to the data, providing power from one or the other of an energy source and a regenerative fuel cell to one or more powered devices. 107. The method of claim 106 wherein the managing step comprises operatively engaging, responsive to the data, one or the other of an energy source and a regenerative fuel cell to provide power to the one or more powered devices. 108. The method of claim 106 wherein the data is received from the energy source. 109. The method of claim 106 wherein the data is received from one or more of the powered devices. 110. The method of claim 106 the data is received from a user input device. 111. The method of claim 106 wherein the data is received from an external source. 112. The method of claim 111 wherein the external source is an internet site. 113. The method of claim 106 further comprising storing the data in a memory. 114. The method of claim 106 further comprising operatively engaging the energy source to provide power to the one or more powered devices during off-peak usage periods, and operatively engaging the regenerative fuel to provide power to the one or more powered devices during peak usage periods. 