A solid state light apparatus with a solar shielded heatsink ideally suited for traffic controls. The current state of the art solid state traffic signals utilize LED arrays encased in the existing plastic or metal traffic signal cases which were originally design for incandescent bulbs. Unlike LED's, incandescent bulbs are insensitive to high temperatures. As a result heat will build up on the LED die because of the limitations of the existing incandescent case design. The apparatus mounts the LED array directly to a louvered external heatsink in contact with the air outside of the traffic signal case facilitating the dissipation of heat generated from the LED die and from the sunlight shining on the case. For 25% of all signals (those facing west), during the late afternoon sunset the lensing system will focused the sunlight directly on the LED die raising the die temperature an additional 20 C. The louvered external heatsink dissipates this form of heat as well allowing the LED die to remain much cooler.
Claims I claim: 1. An improved Solid State Light, comprising; a solid state light source comprising an area array of LED's; a heat sink having a mounting surface and an opposing rear surface and comprised of a thermally conductive material, each said LED of said area array being mounted to said heat sink mounting surface, whereby said rear surface is directly exposed to an ambient and disposed to thermally transfer heat from said LED via said heat sink to the ambient; and a solar shield disposed across and adjacent said heatsink rear surface inhibiting solar radiation from impinging upon said heatsink rear surface while permitting outside ambient airflow across said heatsink rear surface and under said solar shield without necessitating assistance of another device. 2. The solid state light as specified in claim 1 wherein said heat sink comprises an array of reflectors, each one of said reflector receiving at least one of said LED's. 3. The solid state light as specified in claim 2 further comprising a thermally conductive material being disposed between each said LED and said heatsink. 4. The solid state light as specified in claim 3 wherein said thermally conductive material comprises epoxy. 5. The solid state light as specified in claim 2 wherein said heatsink further includes a first material being an electrically non-conductive thermally conductive material disposed between said LED and said electrically conductive heatsink portion. 6. The solid state light as specified in claim 5 further comprising a circuit connection coupling one said LED to another said LED in a series connection. 7. The solid state light as specified in claim 5 further comprising a circuit connection coupling each said LED at one end to said heatsink in an electrically parallel connection. 8. The solid state light as specified in claim 2 wherein said heatsink first material comprises of a material selected from the group of: ceramic, diamond, and SiN. 9. The solid state light as specified in claim 1 wherein said solar shields comprises a set of louvers. 10. A traffic control apparatus, comprising: a housing having a cavity; a solid state light source disposed in said cavity and comprising an area array of LED's; a heat sink comprised of a thermally conductive material coupled to said housing and having an air cooling surface directly exposed to an air outside said housing, said heatsink having a mounting surface facing said housing cavity, each said LED being mounted to said mounting surface and residing in said cavity; and a solar shield disposed across and adjacent said heat sink air cooling surface directly exposed to the air outside said housing, said shield permitting ambient airflow across said heatsink air cooling surface and under said solar shield without necessitating assistance of another device. 