A user-controlled skylight window or the like in which the user can control the light transmitted through the skylight. A chromogenic filter is under automatic control of a control circuit. A user interface permits the user to set the control circuit for desired lighting. A mechanical shutter is likewise controlled to open or close the skylight under control of the user interface. A lamp within the skylight provides nighttime lighting under user control. The diffuseness of light transmitted through the skylight is improved by modifying the diffuseness of various components of the skylight including the filter. Uses of the filter in a variety of systems and with a variety of controls are disclosed.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A skylight with a controllable solar energy throughput, including a chromogenic filter and at least two additional light transmitting filters between the chromogenic filter and the outside environment, a controller for controlling the amount of light passed by the chromogenic filter and a user interface for communicating from a user to the controller. 2. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein one of the two additional light transmitting filters is an outer dome and a further of the two additional filters is between the outer dome and the chromogenic filter. 3. The skylight according to claim 1, further comprising a mechanical shutter within the skylight and an actuator to actuate the shutter between greater and lesser light blocking dispositions. 4. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein the user interface remotely communicates with the controller. 5. The skylight according to claim 4, wherein the interface comprises one of a radio frequency and an infrared communications link. 6. The skylight according to claim 1, further comprising a power source including at least one of a solar cell, a battery and a fuel cell. 7. The skylight according to claim 3, wherein the shutter has a reflectivity greater than 60%. 8. The skylight according to claim 3, wherein the actuator has one of a shape memory alloy and metal coated polymer activation means. 9. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein the user interface is in communication with a plurality of controllers of a plurality skylight chromogenic filters. 10. The skylight according to claim 5, wherein the interface comprises a radio frequency link at a frequency below 1 GHz. 11. The skylight according to claim 1, further comprising a lamp above the chromogenic filter. 12. The skylight according to claim 11, further comprising an ultraviolet light filter between the lamp and the chromogenic filter. 13. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein the chromogenic filter employs at least one of a transition metal oxide and a conductive polymer as an electrochromic material. 14. The skylight according to claim 1, further comprising a sensor that distinguishes between day and night. 15. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein one of the two additional light transmitting filters is an outer dome and the outer dome is one of photochromic and thermochromic. 16. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein the skylight is a tubular skylight and the chromogenic filter is visible to the user. 17. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein the additional light transmitting filter that is closest to the chromogenic filter is patterned. 18. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein the additional light transmitting filter that is closest to the chromogenic filter is shaped substantially as a portion of a spherical arc. 19. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein the chromogenic filter closes an interior end of the skylight and is visible from within an interior served by the skylight. 20. The skylight according to claim 19, wherein a transition of the chromogenic filter between bleached and colored states is apparent from within an interior served by the skylight. 21. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein the controller has filter maintenance circuitry for instituting filter maintenance procedures. 22. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the at least two additional filters are ultraviolet blocking filters. 23. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein at least one of two additional filters is patterned and colored. 24. The skylight according to claim 6, wherein the power source includes a solar cell mounted within the skylight. 25. The skylight according to claim 6, wherein the power source includes both a solar cell and a battery, the battery being a rechargeable battery and the solar cell being connected to the battery for changing the battery. 26. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein the chromogenic filter has electrochromic coatings. 27. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein the controller includes a light sensor within the skylight, the controller terminating the application of a signal to the chromogenic filter upon the sensor sensing the absence of light entering the skylight, whereby the chromogenic filter relaxes to a neutral state. 28. The skylight according to claim 10, wherein the user interface includes coding for the radio frequency link, the controller including code recognition, whereby the user interface communicates only with a pre-selected skylight controller or controllers. 29. The skylight according to claim 28, further including a plurality of proximate skylights having controllers with code recognition set to respond to the same user interface code. 30. The skylight according to claim 10, wherein the user interface radio frequency signal power is less than 5 mW. 31. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein the chromogenic filter is an electrochromic filter, the controller supplies as operating signal to the electrochromic filter, the coloring the electrochromic filter affecting an electrical characteristic of the filter, the controller further including circuitry monitoring the electrical characteristic to indirectly monitor the coloring of the electrochromic filter. 32. The skylight according to claim 31, wherein the electrical characteristic of the filter is the open cell potential of the electrochromic filter. 33. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein the chromogenic filter is an electrochromic filter, the controller intermittently applies and terminate a bleaching signal, the controller having circuitry to terminate the bleaching signal and to reapply the bleaching signal upon a change in light transmission through the electrochromic filter less than 5%. 34. The skylight according to claim 33, wherein the controller circuitry reapplies the bleaching signal upon a change in light transmission through the electrochromic filter less than 2%. 35. The skylight according to claim 1, wherein the chromogenic filter is an electrochromic filter, the controller applies a bleaching signal to the electrochromic filter and the bleaching signal is supplied from at least one of an AC to DC adapter to a 115v mains, a solar cell, a fuel cell, or a chargeable or non-rechargeable battery. 36. The skylight according to claim 35, wherein the bleaching signal is applied directly through a switch to the electrochromic filter by at least one solar cell. 37. The skylight according to claim 35, wherein the bleaching signal is applied through a switch directly to the electrochromic filter from a rechargeable or non-rechargeable battery. 38. The skylight according to claim 37, wherein the battery is rechargeable and a solar cell is connected to supply a recharging current for the battery. 39. The skylight according to claim 38, wherein the controller further comprises power conditioning circuitry to at least an input to or an output from the rechargeable battery. 40. A skylight having an outer light transmitting cover, a chromogenic filter, a controller for the chromogenic filter and a remote user interface for user control of the outer cover being one of clear, translucent white and bronze and the chromogenic filter coloring to one of green, gray, brown and blue. 41. The skylight according to claim 40, wherein the outer cover has visible light transmission in the range of 15 to 60%. 42. The skylight according to claim 40, wherein the combination of colors of the outer cover and of the colored chromogenic filter is neutral to an observer within an interior served by the skylight. 43. The skylight according to claim 40, wherein the chromogenic filter is comprised of a plurality of discrete chromogenic filter sections with edges adjacent one another. 44. The skylight according to claim 40, wherein the controller is powered by at least one of a solar cell, a battery and a fuel cell. 45. The skylight according to claim 40, wherein the interface comprises one of a radio frequency and an infrared communications link. 46. A user controllable chromogenic filter system for varying the transmission of light through the filter and into an interior, the filter system including a controller coupled to the chromogenic filter for controlling the transmission of light through the chromogenic filter and a radio frequency remote control user interface. 47. The chromogenic filter system of claim 46, further including a local area network in communication with the controller, the user interface connecting by radio frequency link to the local area network. 48. The chromogenic filter system of claim 46, further comprising a power source including at least one of a solar cell, a battery and a fuel cell. 49. The chromogenic filter system of claim 47, including mechanically functioning components of at least one of windows and skylights equipped with chromogenic filters, and the local area network includes controls for the mechanically functioning components. 50. The chromogenic filter system of claim 47, wherein the local area network includes controls for further equipment. 51. The chromogenic filter system of claim 47, wherein the local area network is a part of an energy management system. 52. The chromogenic filter system of claim 47, wherein the chromogenic filter is installed in light transmitting relation to one of a vehicle and a building. 53. The chromogenic filter system of claim 47, wherein the user interface is at least one of a mobile phone, mobile computer and mobile processor. 54. A system for controlling a chromogenic filter used in windows or skylights, including a controller coupled to the chromogenic filter for controlling the transmission of light through the chromogenic filter and a remote user interface for user control of the chromogenic filter by communication with the controller, the user interface and the controller being in digital communication via power lines. 55. The system for controlling a chromogenic filter according to claim 54, wherein the power lines are a part of a digital local area network. 56. The system for controlling a chromogenic filter according to claim 54, further comprising a power source including at least one of a solar cell, a battery and a fuel cell. 57. The system for controlling a chromogenic filter according to claim 55, including mechanically functioning components of at least one of windows and skylights equipped with chromogenic filters, and the local area network includes controls for the mechanically functioning components. 58. The system for controlling a chromogenic filter according to claim 55, wherein the local area network includes controls for further equipment. 59. The system for controlling a chromogenic filter according to claim 55, wherein the local area network is a part of an energy management system. 60. The system for controlling a chromogenic filter according to claim 55, wherein the chromogenic filter is installed in light transmitting relation to one of a vehicle and a building. 61. A skylight with a controllable solar energy throughput, including a chromogenic filter, a mechanical shutter, a controller for controlling the amount of light passed by the chromogenic filter, an actuator for mechanically moving the shutter, and a user interface for communicating from a user to at least one of the controller and the actuator. 62. The skylight according to claim 61, wherein one of the chromogenic filter and a second light transmitting filter is located at an interior end of the skylight visible from an interior served by the skylight and is removably secured in place for convenience in maintenance and repair. 63. The skylight according to claim 61, wherein at least one surface of the shutter has a reflectance greater than substantially 80% that is one of specular and diffuse. 64. The skylight according to claim 61, wherein the controller includes an actuator for the control of the mechanical shutter to thereby control the amount of light through the skylight, and the chromogenic filter being operative to change between a colored and a bleached state to alter the color of light through the skylight. 65. The skylight according to claim 61, wherein the controller includes an actuator for the control of the mechanical shutter to effect gross control of the light through the skylight, and the chromogenic filter being operative to change between a colored and a bleached state to effect fine adjustment of the light through the skylight. 66. The skylight according to claim 61, wherein the user interface remotely communicates with the controller. 67. The skylight according to claim 66, wherein the user interface comprises one of a radio frequency and an infrared communication link. 68. The skylight according to claim 61, further comprising a power source including at least one of a solar cell, a battery, and a fuel cell. 69. The skylight according to claim 61, wherein the shutter has a reflectivity greater than 60%. 70. The skylight according to claim 61, wherein the actuator has one of a shape memory alloy and metal coated polymer activation means. 71. The skylight according to claim 61, wherein the user interface is in communication with a plurality of controllers of a plurality skylight chromogenic filters. 72. The skylight according to claim 67, wherein the interface comprises a radio frequency link at a frequency below 1 GHz. 73. The skylight according to claim 65, further comprising a lamp above the chromogenic filter. 74. The skylight according to claim 73, further comprising an ultraviolet light filter between the lamp and the chromogenic filter. 75. The skylight according to claim 61, wherein the chromogenic filter employs at least one of a transition metal oxide and a conductive polymer as an electrochromic material. 76. The skylight according to claim 61, further comprising a sensor that distinguishes between day and night. 77. The skylight according to claim 61, wherein the skylight has an outer dome and the outer dome is thermochromic. 78. The skylight according to claim 61, wherein the skylight is a tubular skylight and the chromogenic filter is visible to the user. 79. The skylight according to claim 73, wherein the user interface is operative to control the chromogenic filter via the controller, the shutter via the actuator, and the lamp via a lamp supply circuit. 80. The skylight according to claim 79, wherein the user interface is hardwired to the chromogenic filter controller, the shutter actuator, and the lamp supply circuit. 81. The skylight according to claim 67, wherein the user interface is an infrared remote control device with multiple infrared sensors positioned to increase the area within an interior from which the interface can operatively communicate. 82. The skylight according to claim 67, wherein the user interface is an infrared remote control device with at least one infrared sensor located behind an interior light diffuser of the skylight. 83. The skylight according to claim 61, wherein the shutter has one of a light diffusing and light reflecting surface. 