A control for a solar-heating and ventillation-cooling air type solar system has temperature sensors, dual air distribution valves, valve actuators and a fan-integrated into a single module that is removably mounted together with a modular solar system enclosure. The control senses the interior space temperature and the exterior enviornment temperature, and determines and effects a solar system operating mode to provide a comfort function in all seasons. The control provides recirculation heating, direct heating, ventillation cooling and cool conservation, or variable combinations thereof.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In an exteriorly mountable solar heating system for heating an interior space, wherein air from within the space is directed into the system through an interior intake port, and wherein the air is heated by being passed over an absorber exposed to solar energy and directed to an interior outlet port into said space, an improved heating and cooling solar system control module comprising: means for providing an exterior intake port from the exterior environment into the system and an exterior outlet port from the system to the exterior environment, unifying control module enclosure means for both interior and exterior intake port means and interior and exterior outlet port means, in communication with both the interior space, the exterior environment and the solar system, wherein said control module enclosure means encloses an intake valve means and an outlet valve means in communication with said intake and outlet ports, and with temperature-responsive actuators for completely or partly opening and closing said intake valves and completely or partly opening and closing said outlet valves, and wherein said intake valve actuator is responsive to the temperature of the exterior environment and said outlet valve actuator is responsive to the temperature of the interior space, whereby air heated by passing over said absorber is directed into said interior space, and/or is vented to the atmosphere when the temperature of the air in said interior space reaches an adjustable temperature, and whereby air enters the system from the interior space, and/or from the exterior environment when the temperature of the air of said exterior environment reaches a determined temperature. 2. The control according to claim 1 wherein said actuators are powered solely by temperature responsive phase change material that exhibits a melting temperature in the upper region of the normal comfort range, changing phase in response to the temperature sensed, wherein said actuators are exposed to and sense the temperature of air from said space or said exterior environment passing through said interior and exterior intake ports. 3. The control according to claim 1 wherein at least one of said actuators is an electro-mechanical phase change actuator, well known in the art of phase change actuators. 4. The control according to claim 2 comprising means for biasing the temperature of air sensed by said outlet valve actuator to adjust an effective interior temperature setpoint of the actuator, said biasing means combines heat from a controllable flow of air heated by said absorber with heat from the region near the interior intake port adjacent to said actuator to sense the temperature of the combined heats. 5. The control according to claim 4 wherein said biasing means is for biasing the temperature of air sensed by the intake valve actuator and said biasing means combine heat from a controllable flow of air heated by said absorber with heat from the region near the exterior intake port adjacent to said actuator, so the actuator senses the temperature of the combined heats. 6. The control according to claim 5 comprising means for biasing the temperature of air sensed by both the intake valve actuator and the outlet valve actuator, to adjust the effective interior temperature setpoint, wherein said biasing means comprises means for combining heat from a controllable flow of air heated by said absorber with heat from the enviornment near the ports where the actuators are mounted, so the actuators sense the temperature of the combination. 7. The control according to claim 1 wherein said enclosure encloses mounting means for a fan to move the air through the solar system, and a solar energy sensor to control said fan in response to solar energy input. 8. The control according to claim 1 wherein said control is removable from the solar heating system. 9. The control according to claim 4 wherein said biasing means includes communicating passage means for insuring that the bias air flow can bypass the intake valve and pass directly from said actuator's mounting chamber to the area just downstream of the intake valve. 