An accelerated weathering test apparatus for concentrating solar irradiance upon and immersing at least one test specimen including at least one support member and an operative portion operatively connected to the at least one support member. The operative portion includes a mirror bed, at least one standard and a channel. The operative portion is moveable relative to the at least one support member from a first operative position to a second operative position. A target board is disposed in the channel for supporting the at least one test specimen for exposure to concentrated solar radiation when the operative portion is disposed in the first operative position and immersion in a fluid when the operative portion is disposed in the second operative position.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An accelerated weathering test apparatus for concentrating solar irradiance upon and immersing at least one test specimen, comprising: at least one support member; an operative portion operatively connected to the at least one support member including a mirror bed, at least one standard and a channel; the operative portion moveable relative to the at least one support member from a first operative position to a second operative position; and, a target board disposed in the channel for supporting the at least one test specimen for exposure to concentrated solar radiation when the operative portion is disposed in the first operative position and immersion in a fluid located within the channel when the operative portion is disposed in the second operative position. 2. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the fluid is in a liquid state. 3. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein a temperature control system including a temperature adjusting element and a temperature sensing element is disposed in the channel for controlling a temperature of the fluid. 4. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the operative portion oscillates between the first and second operative positions with the at least one test specimen supported on the target board, to define a test cycle wherein the test specimen is exposed to solar irradiance and fluid immersion during each test cycle. 5. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein a supply system is operatively connected to the channel for supplying the fluid to the channel for immersing the at least one test specimen when the operative portion is disposed in the second operative position. 6. The apparatus as recited in claim 5, wherein an additive system is operatively connected to the supply system for introducing an additive into the fluid when the operative portion is in the second operative position. 7. An accelerated weathering test apparatus for concentrating solar irradiance upon and immersing at least one test specimen including at least one support member and an operative portion operatively connected to the at least one support member including a mirror bed, at least one standard, a channel and an air circulation mechanism in communication with the channel, where the operative portion is moveable relative to the at least one support member from a first operative position to a second operative position, the apparatus comprising: a target board disposed in the channel for mounting the at least one test specimen for exposure to concentrated solar irradiance when the operative portion is disposed in the first operative position and immersion in a fluid when the operative portion is disposed in the second operative position; a supply system including a first valve and at least one fluid passageway operatively connected to the channel for supplying the fluid to the channel; and a control device for controlling the first valve to supply the fluid to the channel such that the at least one test specimen is immersed in the fluid when the operative portion is in the second operative position. 8. The apparatus as recited in claim 7, wherein the at least one test specimen is securely mounted to the target board with threaded fasteners. 9. The apparatus as recited in claim 7, wherein the control device activates the first valve from a first operative position normally closed to a second operative position open so that fluid is supplied for a pre-determined time through the at least one fluid passageway to the channel to immerse the at least one test specimen. 10. The apparatus as recited in claim 7, wherein the control device controls a second valve and activates the second valve from a first operative position normally closed to a second operative position open such that fluid is removed from the channel. 11. The apparatus as recited in claim 7, wherein a temperature control system including a temperature control element and a temperature sensing element is disposed in the channel for controlling a temperature of the fluid. 12. The apparatus as recited in claim 11, wherein the control device is operatively connected with the temperature adjusting element and a temperature sensing element for controlling the temperature of the fluid to at least one temperature set point. 13. The apparatus as recited in claim 7, wherein the control device is programmable for controlling the accelerated weathering test apparatus to function to: (1) oscillate the operative portion between the first and second operative positions for pre-determined periods of time to define a test cycle; (2) track the sun when the operative portion is disposed in the first operative position for concentrating solar irradiance on the at least one test specimen; (3) operate the air circulation mechanism; (4) oscillate the first valve between a first operative position and a second operative position for pre-determined periods of time; (5) such that the fluid flows through the at least one fluid passageway and the first valve to fill the channel to a desired fill line and the at least one test specimen is immersed in the fluid for a predetermined period of time; (6) control a temperature control system such that a temperature of the fluid is maintained at at least one temperature set point for a predetermined period of time with respect to each at least one temperature set point ; and (7) oscillate a second valve between a first operative position and a second operative position for predetermined periods of time such that the fluid flows through the second valve emptying the channel. 14. A method for accelerated weathering testing comprising: (a) providing an accelerated weathering test apparatus including at least one support member, an operative portion operatively connected to the at least one support member including a mirror bed, at least one standard, a channel having a target board disposed therein, an air circulation mechanism in communication with the channel, a supply system including a first valve operatively connected to the channel for supplying a fluid to the channel and a control device for controlling the accelerated weathering test apparatus and the first valve; (b) mounting at least one test specimen on the target board; (c) programming the control device to function to execute a test cycle including the steps of: (0) rotating the operative portion to a first operative position for exposing the at least one test specimen to a concentrated solar irradiance; (1) activating the air circulation mechanism; (2) activating a solar tracking system for a first predetermined period of time; (3) deactivating the solar tracking system upon expiration of the first predetermined period of time; (4) rotating the operative portion from the first operative position to a second operative position for exposing the at least one test specimen to immersion in a fluid in the channel; (5) deactivating the air circulation mechanism; (6) activating a first valve for a second predetermined period of time from a first operative position normally closed to a second operative position open such that the fluid is supplied through the fluid passageways and the first valve and into the channel; (7) deactivating the first valve from the first operative position to the second operative position upon expiration of the second predetermined period of time such that the fluid in the channel is at a desired fill line; (8) exposing the at least one test specimen to immersion in the third for a third predetermined period of time; (9) removing the fluid from the channel; and (10) repeating steps (0) through (10) for a desired number of testing cycles. 15. The method as recited in claim 14, wherein the accelerated weathering test apparatus further includes a temperature control system including a temperature adjusting element and a temperature sensor disposed in the channel for controlling a temperature of the fluid. 16. The method as recited in claim 15, wherein the testing cycle further includes the steps of: (a) activating the temperature adjusting element during the third predetermined period of time for a fourth predetermined period of time; (b) monitoring the temperature of the fluid with the temperature sensor; (c) maintaining the temperature of the fluid at at least one temperature set-point; (d) deactivating the temperature adjusting element upon expiration of the fourth predetermined period of time; and (e) Repeating steps (a) through (d) for each at least one temperature set point. 17. The method as recited in claim 14, wherein the supply system further includes an additive system for introducing an additive into the fluid. 18. The method as recited in claim 17, wherein the testing cycle further includes the steps of: (a) activating the additive system during the second predetermined period of time for a fifth predetermined period of time; (b) introducing an additive into the fluid being supplied to the channel; and (c) deactivating the additive system upon expiration of the fifth predetermined period of time. 19. The method as recited in claim 14, wherein the supply system further includes a second valve for removing the fluid from the channel. 20. The method as recited in claim 19, wherein the testing cycle further includes the steps of: (a) activating the second valve from a first operative position normally closed to a second operative position open for a sixth predetermined period of time upon expiration of the third predetermined period of time; and (b) deactivating the second valve from the second operative position to the first operative position upon expiration of the sixth predetermined period of time. 