An emitter for use with a generator has a tube closed at one end, heated from its outside with a water-cooled photovoltaic converter array mounted inside for glass-melting application. Several TPV tubes may be inserted through holes in the insulation into the port sections between the glass-melting furnace and the regenerators. Any one of these tubes may be removed for maintenance at any time and replaced with a closure to close off the hole, without affecting the industrial process. The emitter tube may be a SiC or KANTHAL tube. The tube may be lines on its inside with AR coated tungsten foil or the tungsten may be deposited on the inner tube surface as a film followed by the AR coating. The photovoltaic converter array may comprise a polygonal array of shingle circuits where the circuits are fabricated using low bandgap GaSb cells.
Claims I claim: 1. An electric generator apparatus for mounting in hot gas streams comprising a tube closed at one end and heated from an outside by hot gas from the hot gas streams, a photovoltaic array in the tube, an infrared emitter lining on an inner surface of the tube, the photovoltaic array facing the infrared emitter for receiving infrared energy and converting a portion of the infrared energy to electric energy. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the tube is a SiC tube. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the tube is an iron-chromium-aluminum alloy tube. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the lining is of antireflection coated tungsten foil. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the tube has an inner coating of tungsten film. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, further comprising an antireflection coating on the tungsten film. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic array includes a cooling system. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic array comprises a polygonal array of shingle circuits. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the shingle circuits are fabricated of low bandgap GaSb cells. 10. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the cooling system comprises inlets for receiving cooling fluids, outlets, and pipes connecting the inlets and the outlets for circulating the cooling fluids and for cooling the generator. 11. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the cooling system is a water cooling system. 12. The apparatus of claim 7, further comprising a flange on the tube and a base plate attached to the flange. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the photovoltaic array and the cooling system are mounted on the base plate. 14. The apparatus of claim 12, further comprising metal o-ring seals for sealing the base plate to the flange. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, further comprising inner spaces between the photovoltaic array and the emitter, wherein the inner spaces are back filled with an inert gas. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, further comprising electrical and water cooling feeds provided through the base plate. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, further comprising insulation for insulating the generator. 18. Generator apparatus for high temperature industrial processes comprising at least one TPV generator having an emitter and a photovoltaic converter, the at least one TPV generator being adapted for mounting in a path of hot gases circulating in the high temperature industrial processes. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the emitter comprises at least one tube, the tube being closed at one end. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the at least one tube is a SiC tube. 21. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the at least one tube is an iron-chromium-aluminum alloy tube. 22. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the tube has an inner lining of antireflection coated tungsten foil. 23. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the tube has an inner coating of tungsten film. 24. The apparatus of claim 23, further comprising an antireflection coating on the tungsten film. 25. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the photovoltaic converter is a photovoltaic array mounted in the at least one tube and wherein the at least one tube is heated by the hot gases from the industrial processes. 26. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein the photovoltaic array includes a cooling system. 27. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein the photovoltaic array comprises a polygonal array of shingle circuits. 28. The apparatus of claim 27, wherein the shingle circuits are fabricated of low bandgap GaSb cells. 29. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein the cooling system comprises inlets for receiving cooling fluids, outlets, and pipes connecting the inlets and the outlets for circulating the cooling fluids and for cooling the TPV generator. 30. The apparatus of claim 29, further comprising a flange on the tube, a base plate attached to the flange, wherein the photovoltaic converter array and the cooling system are mounted on the base plate. 31. The apparatus of claim 30, further comprising metal o-ring seals for sealing the base plate to the flange. 32. The apparatus of claim 31, further comprising inner spaces between the photovoltaic array and the emitter, wherein the inner spaces are back filled with an inert gas. 33. The apparatus of claim 32, further comprising electrical and water cooling feeds provided through the base plate. 34. The apparatus of claim 33, further comprising insulation for insulating the TPV generator. 35. The apparatus of claim 18, further comprising a furnace, wherein the furnace is a regenerative glass tank melting furnace, and wherein the TPV generator is mounted between a furnace and a regenerator of the regenerative furnace. 36. The apparatus of claim 35, wherein the furnace comprises a side-port for entry of gas and heated air, an injection port for raw materials, and an air intake for drawing air and ignited gas into the regenerator through burner blocks. 37. The apparatus of claim 36, further comprising an exhaust for withdrawing exhaust gases via the regenerator to a chimney flue. 38. The apparatus of claim 37, wherein a direction of flow of the air and gases is periodically renewed in opposite directions for alternating burning cycles and for keeping air-gas mixture and the emitter heated. 39. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the at least one tube comprises plural tubes provided in a regenerative furnace. 40. The apparatus of claim 39, further comprising a regenerator and insulation in the furnace, wherein the tubes are provided through openings in the insulation. 41. The apparatus of claim 40, further comprising port sections between the furnace and the regenerator, wherein the tubes are provided in the port sections. 42. The apparatus of claim 40, wherein each tube is removable independent of adjacent tubes. 43. The apparatus of claim 42, further comprising a closure for closing an opening in the insulation after removal of a tube. 44. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the photovoltaic converter comprises a TPV shingle circuit. 45. The apparatus of claim 44, wherein the shingle circuit comprises a terraced metal substrate. 46. The apparatus of claim 45, wherein the substrate is of AlSiC material. 47. The apparatus of claim 45, wherein the substrate is of enameled cast-iron material. 48. The apparatus of claim 45, further comprising an insulating film over terraces of the substrate. 49. The apparatus of claim 48, further comprising copper pads deposited on top faces of the terraces. 50. The apparatus of claim 49, further comprising GaSb TPV cells bonded to the copper pads and connected in series in a shingle pattern. 51. Thermophotovoltaic generator for regenerative sideport glass tank melting furnaces comprising a shaped furnace and regenerator, ports for supplying gas and heated air to the shaped furnace, injection ports for injecting raw materials, intake for drawing air into the regenerator along with ignited gas through burner blocks, exhaust gases withdrawn via the ports through the regenerator and exhausted via chimney flues, at least one TPV generator having an emitter and a photovoltaic converter, the at least one TPV generator being mounted between the shaped furnace and the regenerator. 52. The apparatus of claim 51, wherein the emitter comprises at least one tube, the tube being closed at one end. 53. The apparatus of claim 52, wherein the at least one tube is a SiC or an iron-chromium-aluminum alloy tube. 54. The apparatus of claim 53, wherein the tube has an inner lining of antireflection coated tungseten foil. 55. The apparatus of claim 53, wherein the tube has an inner coating of tungsten film. 56. The apparatus of claim 55, further comprising an antireflection coating on the tungsten film. 57. The apparatus of claim 52, wherein the photovoltaic converter is a photovoltaic converter array mounted in the at least one tube and wherein the at least one tube is heated with the photovoltaic converter array. 58. The apparatus of claim 57, wherein the photovoltaic converter array includes a water-cooling system. 59. The apparatus of claim 57, wherein the array comprises a polygonal array of shingle circuits. 60. The apparatus of claim 59, wherein the shingle circuits are fabricated of low bandgap GaSb cells. 