A pump assembly for a pressurized water system includes a pressure sensitive switch (27) arranged to monitor the water pressure in a pipe (14) extending between a water delivery pump (13) and a tap (15), the switch (27) controlling operation of the pump (13) dependent upon pressure in the pipe (14). A timer switch (30) is disposed in series with the pressure sensitive switch (27), to inhibit pump operation other than for a limited period of time following triggering of the timer switch (30).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A pressurized water supply system for use in a location having no mains water supply, which supply system comprises a water tank, a water outlet tap, a water pipe connecting the tank to the tap, a water pump assembly installed in said water pipe and including a low-voltage dc pump motor, and a pressure sensitive switch arranged to monitor the water pressure in the pipe between the pump and the tap and arranged to operate the pump when the switch detects a pressure below a pre-set low value, characterized in that there is provided a manually-triggerable timer disposed adjacent the tap and which timer inhibits operation of the pump despite the pressure sensitive switch detecting low water pressure below said pre-set low value other than during a timed period following manual triggering of the timer, and said timer requiring manual resetting by a user for each subsequent timed period. 2. A pressurised water supply system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the pressure-sensitive switch is mounted on the pump directly to sense the water pressure at the outlet thereof. 3. A pressurised water supply system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the timer comprises a switch connected in series with a power supply to the pump motor and a mechanical timer coupled to the switch. 4. A pressurised water supply system as claimed in claim 3, wherein the mechanical timer comprises a spring-loaded pneumatic dash-pot coupled to a normally-open electrical switch, which switch is closed on depression of the dash-pot against the spring-loading. 5. A pressurised water supply system as claimed in claim 4, wherein the dash-pot is in the form of a flexible diaphragm, deformable by a manually-depressible plunger. 6. A pressurised water supply system as claimed in claim 5, wherein the timer is mounted adjacent the tap for manual triggering when water is to be delivered from the tap. 7. A pressurised water supply system as claimed in claim 5, wherein a water heater is incorporated in said pipe connecting the tank to the tap. 8. A pressurised water supply system as claimed in claim 7, wherein the water heater operates only when water flows out of the tap, instantaneously to heat the water. 9. A pressurised water supply system as claimed in claim 7, wherein the water heater comprises a gas-powered heater which is turned on only when water flows out of the tap. 10. A pressurised water supply system as claimed in claim 7, wherein a second tap for the discharge of non-heated water is connected to said pipe up-stream of the heater. 11. A pressurised water supply system as claimed in claim 1, wherein an accumulator is connected to the said pipe between the pump assembly and the tap. 12. A pressurised water supply system as claimed in claim 1, and including a re-chargeable battery for powering the pump motor. 13. A pressurised water supply system as claimed in claim 12, wherein a solar panel is provided to effect recharging of the battery. 14. A pressurized water supply system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said timer is mounted adjacent the tap for manual triggering when water is to be delivered from the tap. 15. A pressurized water supply system as claimed in claim 1, wherein a gas-powered instantaneous water heater is provided to heat water when the tap is opened to permit the outflow of water, the heater being turned on to operate only when water flows out of the tap, and there is a second tap for the discharge of non-heated water, connected to said pipe up-stream of the heater. 