A waterproof cabinet, speakers, power source, processor, and solar panel which together operate to emit high frequency sound waves that can repel mosquitoes and other flying pests.
Claims I claim: 1. An apparatus for repelling mosquitoes comprising: a cabinet having a flat top, a bottom, four sides, and four apertures in said sides; at least four speakers sealingly affixed to said four apertures; a power supply connected to the cabinet; a solar panel affixed to said flat top and connected to said power supply; a processor connected to said power supply, said speakers and said cabinet; means for suspending said apparatus above the ground wherein said processor causes the speaker to only emit ultrasonic and sonic sounds to replicate the wing-beat frequency of the dragonfly and the wing-speed sound of the male mosquito; wherein said at least four speakers provide 360 degree coverage and an output range of 110 db to 130 db wherein said solar panel consists of photovoltaic cells a utilizing flat-plate modules of cut and polished wafer-line cells of crystalline silicone. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a solar panel affixed to said cabinet and connected to said power supply wherein said solar panel consists of photovoltaic cells utilizing flat-plate modules of cut and polished wafer-line cells of crystalline silicon. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a test switch. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a power switch. 5. The processor of claim 1 wherein said processor is a circuit board which when powered emits sonic frequencies from 11 to 12 kilohertz. 6. The processor of claim 1 wherein said processor is a circuit board which when powered emits sonic frequencies from 36 to 38 kilohertz. 7. The processor of claim 1 wherein said processor is an integrated circuit chip which when powered emits sonic frequencies from 11 to 12 kilohertz. 8. The processor of claim 1 wherein said processor is an integrated circuit chip which when powered emits sonic frequencies from 36 to 38 kilohertz. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising; a mounting plate fixedly engaged to said cabinet; a pole removably engaged to said mounting plate; a base removably engaged to said pole, said base having a base bottom fixedly engaged to said base; and a plurality of spikes affixed to said base bottom. 10. The cabinet of claim 1 further comprising: a top having a plurality of hook holes for receiving a plurality of hooks; a bottom; a plurality of sides; a plurality of apertures in said sides for sealing engagement of the plurality of speakers. 11. The cabinet of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of hooks fixedly and rotatably engaged in said hook holes. 12. An apparatus for housing a processor for emitting sonic frequencies selected to repel mosquitoes comprising: a cabinet having a flat top, a bottom and a at least four sides, each of said sides having an aperture; a processor connected to said cabinet and to at least four speakers sealingly engaged with said at least four sides and connected to the processor; a power source connected to the processor; a solar panel affixed to said flat-top and connected to said power source; a mounting plate fixedly and removably engaged to said bottom; a pole removably engaged to said mounting plate; a base fixedly or removably connected to said pole; at least one spike fixedly or removably connected to said base; wherein said processor causes the speakers to emit sonic and ultrasonic sounds to replicate the wing-beat frequency of the dragonfly and the wing-speed sound of the male mosquito; and wherein said at least four speakers provide 360 degree coverage and an output range of 110 db to 130 db wherein said solar panel consists of photovoltaic cells utilizing flat-plate modules of cut and polished wafer-line cells of crystalline silicon. 13. The processor of claim 12 wherein said processor is a circuit board which when powered emits sonic frequencies from 11 to 12 kilohertz. 14. The processor of claim 12 wherein said processor is a circuit board which when powered emits sonic frequencies from 36 to 38 kilohertz. 15. The processor of claim 12 wherein said processor is an integrated circuit chip which when powered emits sonic frequencies from 11 to 12 kilohertz. 16. The processor of claim 12 wherein said processor is an integrated circuit chip which when powered emits sonic frequencies from 36 to 38 kilohertz. 17. The apparatus of claim 12 further comprising a test switch. 18. The apparatus of claim 12 further comprising a power switch. 19. An apparatus for housing a processor for emitting sonic frequencies selected to repel mosquitoes comprising: a cabinet having a flat top, a bottom and at least four sides, each of said at least four sides having an aperture; at least four speakers sealingly engaged with said apertures and connected to the processor; a power source connected to the processor; a test switch connected to said power source; a power switch connected to said power source; a solar panel affixed to said flat top and connected to said power source; a plurality of hooks fixedly and rotatably engaged to said flat top; a ring mount; a plurality of wires fixedly or removably engaged to said hooks and to said ring mount; wherein said processor comprises a circuit board or integrated circuit chip which when powered emits sonic frequencies from 11 to 12 kilohertz and ultrasonic frequencies from 36 to 38 kilohertz in order to replicate the wing-beat frequency of the dragonfly and the wing-speed sound of the male mosquito wherein said at least four speakers provide 360 degree coverage and an output range of 110 db to 130 db; and wherein said solar panel consists of photovoltaic cells utilizing flat-plate modules of cut and polished wafer-line cells of crystalline silicon. 