A system and method of forecasting space weather (at Earth or another location) based on identifying complex patterns in solar, interplanetary, or geophysical data. These data may include current or historical measurements and/or modeled data (predicted or simulated). Data patterns (both non-event and event-related) are identified (even when another event is occurring). Such patterns may vary with recent/cyclic variations in solar (e.g. solar max/min), interplanetary, or geophysical activity. Embodiments are built around: (1) templates, (2) expert systems, (3) neural networks, (4) hybrid systems comprising combinations of (1),(2) and/or (3), and multimodal intelligent systems. Forecasts are customized and/or updated as new data arise and as systems are dynamically modified (e.g. via feedback between system parts). Numerical or other indexes are generated representing: forecasts, associated confidence levels, etc. The invention predicts events/non-events and/or other values or parameters associated with space weather (e.g. Dst, event onset time, duration, etc.).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A processor-based system for predicting space weather comprising: first and second prediction/identification modules, each module comprising a system that generates space weather related output data based upon input data, and including data specifying a set of starting conditions specifying when the system is to function; wherein at least some of the input data for the second prediction/identification module is derived from the output data generated by the first prediction/identification module. 2. A system for predicting space weather comprising: first and second prediction/identification modules, each module comprising a system that generates space weather related output data based upon input data, and including data specifying a set of starting conditions specifying when the system is to function; wherein at least one of the starting conditions for the second prediction/identification module is derived from the output data of the first prediction/identification module. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the first and second modules further comprises means for assessing the accuracy of the generated output data. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the first and second modules further comprises means for weighting the generated output data. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the first and second modules further includes data specifying resultant actions to be performed based upon the generated output data. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein at least one of the first and second modules further comprises means for weighting the generated output data and one of the resultant actions in the data specifying resultant actions causes a change in results generated by the means for weighting. 7. The system of claim 5 wherein one of the resultant actions in the data specifying resultant actions causes a notification of an impending space weather event to be sent to a user. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the input data comprises one or more primary data values that are the result of a measurement and one or more secondary data values that are generated and output by one of the modules. 9. A processor-based system for predicting space weather comprising: a plurality of cascaded prediction/identification modules, each module comprising a system that generates space weather related output data based upon input data, and including data specifying a set of starting conditions specifying when the system is to function; wherein at least some of the input data for at least one of the prediction/identification modules is derived from the output data generated by another prediction/identification module. 10. A processor-based space weather notification system comprising: a source of predictions and identifications of space weather conditions; a notification module including user data specifying a user's susceptibilities to space weather events, means for receiving the predictions and identifications of the space weather conditions, data specifying notification rules for actions to be performed in response to the received predictions and identifications of space weather conditions; and means for performing the actions specified in the notification rules thereby notifying the user of the received predictions and identifications of space weather conditions. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein the actions specified in the notification rules comprise one or more of transmitting information regarding the space weather conditions to the user, displaying information regarding the space weather conditions, and initiating an audible sequence. 12. The system of claim 10 further comprising means for automatically responding to notifications received from the means for performing actions. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein at least a portion of the means for automatically responding is located at the user's location. 14. The system of claim 10 wherein at least a portion of the means for performing actions is located at the user's location. 15. The system of claim 1 wherein the output data for at least one of the prediction/identification modules indicates the likelihood that a space weather event is a natural event or a man-made event. 16. The system of claim 1 wherein the output data for at least one of the prediction/identification modules indicates the likelihood that a space weather event was contributed to by a man-made event. 17. The system of claim 9 wherein at least two of the plurality of prediction/identification modules operate in parallel. 18. The system of claim 10 further comprising two or more notification modules operating in parallel. 19. The system of claim 18 wherein the two or more notification modules perform in parallel respective actions specified in their respective notification rules in parallel, thereby notifying respective users of received predictions and identifications of space weather conditions. 20. The system of claim 9 wherein a prediction/identification module is excluded if its predictive performance is unsatisfactory. 21. The system of claim 9 wherein the predictive performance is assessed based on one or more of historical, theoretical, model-generated, archived, and real-time data. 22. The system of claim 9 wherein the output data generated by at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a weighting. 23. The system of claim 22 wherein the weighting is adjusted based on the predictive performance of the prediction/identification module. 24. The system of claim 23 wherein the weighting is assessed based on one or more of historical, theoretical, model-generated, archived, and real-time data. 25. The system of claim 22 further comprising a core set of prediction/identification modules whose outputs have generally high weightings. 26. The system of claim 1 wherein the input data for at least one prediction/identification module comprises a proxy. 27. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one starting condition for at least one prediction/identification module is based on a proxy. 28. The system of claim 12 wherein the means for responding performs one or more of (i) a phased shutdown of a space-based system, (ii) a phased shutdown of a ground-based system, (iii) an implementation of back-up mode, and (iv) an implementation of work-around. 29. The system of claim 28 wherein the means for responding performs one or more of (i) real-time monitoring of spacecraft operations, (ii) changing scheduled airplane flight paths, (iii) changing scheduled extra-vehicular activities; (iv) changing scheduled maintenance of ground power systems equipment; (v) selectively grounding capacitor banks, (vi) changing scheduled launches, (vii) changing satellite orbits, (viii) changing satellite orientation, (ix) sending redundant transmissions, (x) downloading spacecraft memory to ground-based memory, and (xi) relying on non-GPS technology. 30. The system of claim 7 wherein the notification is sent via transmission means. 31. The system of claim 30 wherein the notification is displayed via display means. 32. The system of claim 30 wherein the notification initiates an audible sequence. 33. The system of claim 30 wherein the transmission means comprises one or more of email, a paging system, phone, fax, Internet and private data lines. 34. The system of claim 31 wherein the display means is one or more of computer terminal and a vehicle control panel. 35. The system of claim 1 wherein the space weather related output data comprises one or more values pertinent to space weather prediction and values pertinent to predicting space-weather-related effects on one or more of biological, physical, chemical, electrical, material, and geophysical systems. 36. The system of claim 9 wherein at least one of the plurality of prediction/identification modules generates its output based on a model. 37. The system of claim 9 wherein at least two of the plurality of prediction/identification modules output data relating to a key feature indicative of a space weather event. 38. The system of claim 9 wherein the starting conditions for at least one of the prediction/identification modules is adjusted based on the output of one or more prediction/identification modules. 39. The system of claim 9 wherein the output from one or more of the prediction/identification modules is used to derive a further prediction/identification module. 40. The system of claim 39 wherein the further prediction/identification module is based on a model. 41. The system of claim 9 wherein at least two of the prediction/identification modules execute on different processors. 42. The system of claim 41 wherein the different processors are interconnected via a network. 43. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that identifies or predicts the initiation of a solar flare from optical data. 44. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that identifies or predicts the initiation of a solar flare from optical data. 45. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that identifies or predicts a formation of a new radiation belt. 46. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that identifies or predicts a formation of a new radiation belt. 47. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a neural network that identifies or predicts the initiation of a CME. 48. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a template system that predicts time profiles of SEP intensities over one or more energy ranges and species. 49. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts time profiles of SEP intensities over one or more energy ranges and species. 50. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a template system that identifies the position of solar origin of an event based on one or more SEP time profiles. 51. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that identifies the solar origin of a solar event based on solar data and SEP data. 52. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a neural network that takes as inputs SEP profiles and predicts Dst. 53. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that takes as inputs SEP profiles and predicts Dst. 54. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a template system that identifies an x-ray burst during a period of noisy data. 55. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that uses a pattern recognition subsystem to identify an x-ray burst during a period of noisy data. 56. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a template system that predicts an arrival time of a shock at a specified location based on one or more of time profiles of SEP flux and counts at a number of energies and energy bands. 57. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts an arrival time of a shock at a specified location based on one or more of time profiles of SEP flux and counts at a number of energies and energy bands. 58. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that recognizes patterns in time profiles of SEP data to predict the arrival time of a shock at a specified location. 59. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system comprising one or more expert systems, each based on a transport equation, that predicts one or more of particle acceleration and shock arrival time at particular spatial locations. 60. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that estimates a shock compression ratio from a shock arrival time. 61. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that estimates a shock compression ratio from a shock arrival time. 62. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that predicts conditions upstream of a shock. 63. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts conditions upstream of a shock. 64. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that predicts one or more of a post-shock solar wind speed and density. 65. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts one or more of a post-shock solar wind speed and density. 66. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system based on SEP data that predicts one or more of a level of turbulence and fluctuation in one or more of a solar wind and IMF behind a shock. 67. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system based on SEP data that predicts one or more of a level of turbulence and fluctuation in one or more of a solar wind and IMF behind a shock. 68. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a template system that takes as input SEP data and predicts Kp. 69. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that takes as input SEP data and predicts Kp. 70. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a template system based on SEP time profiles that predicts sudden commencements. 71. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system based on SEP time profiles that predicts sudden commencements. 72. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system based on SEP data that predicts a CME arrival time. 73. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system based on SEP data that predicts a CME arrival time. 74. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that estimates a minimum time between a shock arrival and a CME arrival. 75. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that estimates a minimum time between a shock arrival and a CME arrival. 76. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that predicts an equatorial edge of a visible auroral oval when Bz is southward. 77. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts an equatorial edge of a visible auroral oval when Bz is southward. 78. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that predicts a polar cap potential. 79. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts a polar cap potential. 80. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that predicts a tailward displacement of an equatorward border of a visible aurora. 81. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts a tailward displacement of an equatorward border of a visible aurora. 82. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts ionospheric disturbances. 83. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that predicts one or more of a radiation hazard and a radiation level at a space station. 84. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts one or more of a radiation hazard and a radiation level at a space station. 85. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts spacecraft anomalies. 86. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that predicts spacecraft charging. 87. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts spacecraft charging. 88. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts communications blackouts at specified frequencies. 89. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that predicts one or more of a disruption and an amount of disruption of one or more of a communication system and a navigational system. 90. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts one or more of a disruption and an amount of disruption of one or more of a communication system and a navigational system. 91. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that predicts radiation levels experienced by a person in an airplane in flight. 92. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts radiation levels experienced by a person in an airplane in flight. 93. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that predicts one or more of the latitudes and geographic extent of one or more of power surges and ground induced currents at a power station. 94. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts one or more of the latitudes and geographic extent of one or more of power surges and ground induced currents at a power station. 95. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts a time and location of GPS inaccuracies due to ionospheric disturbances. 96. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that predicts when air traffic controllers should require airplane pilots to rely on non-GPS means rather than GPS. 97. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts when air traffic controllers should require airplane pilots to rely on non-GPS means rather than GPS. 98. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that predicts a time of visible aurora at low latitudes. 99. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that predicts a time of visible aurora at low latitudes. 100. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that estimates one or more of a current and future value of Kp based on a plurality of K values. 101. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that estimates one or more of a current and future value of one or more of K and A values. 102. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that estimates a current position of an asset based on information regarding the asset's flight. 103. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that estimates a current position of an asset based on information regarding the asset's flight. 104. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules is tailor-made based on one or more of an end-user's constraints, demands, susceptibilities, and positions. 105. A processor-based system for predicting space weather comprising: a forecast optimization and notification element which comprises current user data; data specifying one or more predictions/identifications of interest to a user; and one or more notification rules defining the actions to be taken if the predictions/identifications of interest are indicated. 106. The system of claim 105 further comprising one or more notification methods defining the ways in which notification rules are performed. 107. The system of claim 96 wherein the non-GPS means is visual sightings. 108. The system of claim 97 wherein the non-GPS means is visual sightings. 109. The system of claim 102 wherein the information regarding an asset's flight is one or more of the asset's flight path and trajectory. 110. The system of claim 103 wherein the information regarding an asset's flight is one or more of the asset's flight path and trajectory. 111. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises an expert system that generates pseudo-values of variables of interest. 112. The system of claim 111 wherein the variables of interest are one or more of higher temporal resolution Dst data and electron flux values during periods of data gaps. 113. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that generates pseudo-values of variables of interest. 114. The system of claim 113 wherein the variables of interest are one or more of higher temporal resolution Dst data and electron flux values during periods of data gaps. 115. The system of claim 1 wherein the input data is received from one or more of an instrument, a spacecraft, a network, a ground-based observatory, a historical archive, a keyboard, and a source of model-generated data. 116. The system of claim 9 wherein the plurality of cascaded prediction/identification modules comprises more than a dozen prediction/identification modules. 117. The system of claim 12 wherein the means for responding adjusts a low earth orbit for drag. 118. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules predicts one or more of a post-shock magnitude and direction of the components of the solar wind and IMF. 119. The system of claim 105 wherein the forecast optimization and notification element is tailor-made based on one or more of an end-user's constraints, demands, susceptibilities, and positions. 120. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that identifies or predicts the initiation of a CME. 121. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the prediction/identification modules comprises a hybrid system that estimates one or more of a current and future value of Kp based on a plurality of K values. 122. The system of claim 1 wherein the input data is taken from a publicly available data source. 123. The system of claim 1 wherein at least one starting condition is taken from a publicly available data source. 