Within both a method for monitoring and controlling a hazardous material and a system for monitoring and controlling the hazardous material there is provided: (1) a controller; (2) a hazardous material sensor in communication with the controller; and (3) a user interface in communication with the controller. Within both the method and the system, the controller is programmed such that when the hazardous material sensor senses a hazardous material, the user interface provides an output directed towards hazardous material response and control procedures for the hazardous material. The method and the system provide for more efficient emergency response to a hazardous material emergency.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for monitoring and controlling a hazardous material comprising: a controller; a hazardous material sensor in communication with the controller; and a user interface in communication with the controller, wherein the controller is programmed such that when the hazardous material sensor senses a hazardous material, the user interface provides an output directed towards hazardous materials response and control procedures for the hazardous material. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the controller is selected from the group consisting of hardware based controllers, software based controllers and hybrid hardware/software based controllers. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the hazardous material is selected from the group consisting of hazardous gaseous materials, hazardous liquid materials and hazardous solid materials. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the user interface is selected from the group consisting of a monitor and a printer. 5. A fabrication facility having assembled therein the system in accord with claim 1. 6. The fabrication facility of claim 5 wherein the fabrication facility is selected from the group consisting of chemical fabrication facilities, electrical fabrication facilities, electronic fabrication facilities and mechanical fabrication facilities. 7. The fabrication facility of claim 5 wherein the fabrication facility is a microelectronic fabrication facility selected from the group consisting of integrated circuit microelectronic fabrication facilities, ceramic substrate microelectronic fabrication facilities, solar cell optoelectronic microelectronic fabrication facilities, and display image array optoelectronic microelectronic fabrication facilities. 8. A method for monitoring and controlling a hazardous material comprising: providing a system for monitoring and controlling a hazardous material, the system comprising: a controller; a hazardous material sensor in communication with the controller and in the vicinity of a hazardous materials source; and a user interface in communication with the controller, wherein the controller is programmed such that when the hazardous material sensor senses a hazardous material, the user interface provides an output directed towards hazardous material response and control procedures for the hazardous material; effecting a release of a hazardous material from the hazardous material source; and obtaining from the user interface the output directed towards hazardous material response and control procedures for the hazardous material. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein the controller is selected from the group consisting of hardware based controllers, software based controllers and hybrid hardware/software based controllers. 10. The method of claim 8 wherein the hazardous material is selected from the group consisting of hazardous gaseous materials, hazardous liquid materials and hazardous solid materials. 11. The method of claim 8 wherein the user interface is selected from the group consisting of a monitor and a printer. 12. The method of claim 8 wherein the hazardous material source is contained within a fabrication facility. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein the fabrication facility is selected from the group consisting of chemical fabrication facilities, electrical fabrication facilities, electronic fabrication facilities and mechanical fabrication facilities. 14. The method of claim 12 wherein the fabrication facility is a microelectronic fabrication facility selected from the group consisting of integrated circuit microelectronic fabrication facilities, ceramic substrate microelectronic fabrication facilities, solar cell optoelectronic microelectronic fabrication facilities, and display image array optoelectronic microelectronic fabrication facilities. 