A solid state control switching and control system (200) for retractable landing lights. A control unit (208) uses an absolute position sensor (214) to monitor the position of the lighthead (210) of the retractable landing light, and actuates a motor (216), brake (217), and lamp (212) in response to command signals (220,221,223) from the flight crew. Actuation of the motor (216), brake (217), and lamp (212) with solid state switches (100) is gradual and synchronized to minimize electromagnetic interference and extend component life.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solid state switching system for a retractable vehicle light, comprising: means for controlling position of a lighthead and switching electrical power to a motor, motor brake, and lamp of the retractable light such that the power applied to said motor, motor brake, and lamp is gradually switched on and off; and solid state switches capable of switching high levels of AC or DC electrical voltage and current, said solid state switches comprising two N-Channel MOSFETs arranged in a series configuration such that a drain terminal of a first MOSFET is connected to electrical power, a drain terminal of a second MOSFET is connected to an electrical load to be switched, source terminals of said first and second MOSFETs are connected together, a photovoltaic generator is connected to gate terminals of said first and second MOSFETs, said photovoltaic generator providing a galvanically isolated current source to actuate said first and second MOSFETs when current is applied to light emitting diodes of said photovoltaic generator. 2. The solid state switching system of claim 1, further comprising contactless means for monitoring absolute position of said lighthead of the retractable light. 3. The solid state switching system of claim 1, further comprising at least one power supply to condition the electrical power from the vehicle to a level compatible with said control means. 4. The solid state switching system of claim 1, further comprising at least one electrical filter to isolate electromagnetic interference between the vehicle and the solid state switching system. 5. The solid state switching system of claim 1 wherein said motor brake is one of a dynamic and electromechanical brake. 6. The solid state switching system of claim 1 wherein said control means is one of a digital and analog control. 7. The solid state switching system of claim 1, further comprising means for gradually turning said light emitting diodes on and off to effect a gradual actuation and de-actuation of said solid state switches. 8. The solid state switching system of claim 1, wherein said control means switches said motor brake, motor, and lamp on and off in a synchronized fashion such that only one of said motor brake, motor, and lamp are switched on or off at any given time. 9. The solid state switching system of claim 1, wherein said solid state switch includes means for protecting said solid state switch from transient voltages. 10. The solid state switching system of claim 1, wherein said control means further switches electrical power to a cockpit-mounted indicator with one of said solid state switches such that power applied to said indicator is gradually switched on and off, said indicator alerting the vehicle crew when said lighthead is in an extended position. 11. The solid state switching system of claim 1, wherein said solid state switch further includes hysteresis means to prevent overlapping actuation of two or more solid state switches. 12. A solid state switching system for a retractable vehicle light, comprising: means for controlling position of a lighthead and switching electrical power to a motor, motor brake, and lamp of the retractable light such that the power applied to said motor, motor brake, and lamp is gradually switched on and off and said control means switches said motor brake, motor, and lamp on and off in a synchronized fashion such that only one of said motor brake, motor, and lamp are switched on or off at any given time; solid state switches capable of switching high levels of AC or DC electrical voltage and current, said solid state switches comprising two N-Channel MOSFETs arranged in a series configuration such that a drain terminal of a first MOSFET is connected to electrical power, a drain terminal of a second MOSFET is connected to an electrical load to be switched, source terminals of said first and second MOSFETs are connected together, a photovoltaic generator is connected to gate terminals of said first and second MOSFETs, said photovoltaic generator providing a galvanically isolated current source to actuate said first and second MOSFETs when current is applied to light emitting diodes of said photovoltaic generator; means for gradually turning said light emitting diodes on and off to effect a gradual actuation and de-actuation of said solid state switches; contactless means for monitoring absolute position of said lighthead of the retractable light; at least one power supply to condition the electrical power from the vehicle to a level compatible with said control means; and at least one electrical filter to isolate electromagnetic interference between the vehicle and the solid state switching system. 13. A solid state switching system for a retractable vehicle light, comprising: means for controlling position of a lighthead and switching electrical power to a motor, motor brake, and lamp of the retractable light such that the power applied to said motor, motor brake, and lamp is gradually switched on and off and said control means switches said motor brake, motor, and lamp on and off in a synchronized fashion such that only one of said motor brake, motor, and lamp are switched on or off at any given time; solid state switches capable of switching high levels of AC or DC electrical voltage and current, said solid state switches comprising two N-Channel MOSFETs arranged in a series configuration such that a drain terminal of a first MOSFET is connected to electrical power, a drain terminal of a second MOSFET is connected to an electrical load to be switched, source terminals of said first and second MOSFETs are connected together, a photovoltaic generator is connected to gate terminals of said first and second MOSFETs, said photovoltaic generator providing a galvanically isolated current source to actuate said first and second MOSFETs when current is applied to light emitting diodes of said photovoltaic generator, said solid state switch having hysteresis means to prevent overlapping actuation of two or more solid state switches; means for gradually turning said light emitting diodes on and off to effect a gradual actuation and de-actuation of said solid state switches; contactless means for monitoring absolute position of said lighthead of the retractable light; at least one power supply to condition the electrical power from the vehicle to a level compatible with said control means; at least one electrical filter to isolate electromagnetic interference between the vehicle and the solid state switching system; and means for protecting said solid state switches from transient voltages. 14. A process for controlling a retractable vehicle light, comprising: controlling position of a lighthead; switching electrical power to a motor, motor brake, and lamp of the retractable light such that the power applied to said motor, motor brake, and lamp is gradually switched on and off; and providing solid state switches capable of switching high levels of AC or DC electrical voltage and current, said solid state switches comprising two N-Channel MOSFETs arranged in a series configuration such that a drain terminal of a first MOSFET is connected to electrical power, a drain terminal of a second MOSFET is connected to an electrical load to be switched, source terminals of said first and second MOSFETs are connected together, a photovoltaic generator is connected to gate terminals of said first and second MOSFETs, said photovoltaic generator providing a galvanically isolated current source to actuate said first and second MOSFETs when current is applied to light emitting diodes of said photovoltaic generator. 15. The process of claim 14, further comprising the step of monitoring absolute position of said lighthead of the retractable light with contactless means. 16. The process of claim 14, further comprising the step of gradually turning said light emitting diodes on and off to effect a gradual actuation and de-actuation of said solid state switches. 17. The process of claim 14, further comprising the step of switching said motor brake, motor, and lamp on and off in a synchronized fashion such that only one of said motor brake, motor, and lamp are switched on or off at any given time. 18. A process for controlling a retractable vehicle light, comprising: controlling position of a lighthead; switching electrical power to a motor, motor brake, and lamp of the retractable light such that the power applied to said motor, motor brake, and lamp is gradually switched on and off; providing solid state switches capable of switching high levels of AC or DC electrical voltage and current, said solid state switches comprising two N-Channel MOSFETs arranged in a series configuration such that a drain terminal of a first MOSFET is connected to electrical power, a drain terminal of a second MOSFET is connected to an electrical load to be switched, source terminals of said first and second MOSFETs are connected together, a photovoltaic generator is connected to gate terminals of said first and second MOSFETs, said photovoltaic generator providing a galvanically isolated current source to actuate said first and second MOSFETs when current is applied to light emitting diodes of said photovoltaic generator; conditioning the electrical power from the vehicle to a level compatible with said control; isolating electromagnetic interference between the vehicle and the solid state switching system; monitoring absolute position of a lighthead of the retractable light with contactless means; and gradually turning said light emitting diodes on and off to effect a gradual actuation and de-actuation of said solid state switches. 19. A process for controlling a retractable vehicle light, comprising: controlling position of a lighthead; switching electrical power to a motor, motor brake, and lamp of the retractable light such that the power applied to said motor, motor brake, and lamp is gradually switched on and off; providing solid state switches capable of switching high levels of AC or DC electrical voltage and current, said solid state switches comprising two N-Channel MOSFETs arranged in a series configuration such that a drain terminal of a first MOSFET is connected to electrical power, a drain terminal of a second MOSFET is connected to an electrical load to be switched, source terminals of said first and second MOSFETs are connected together, a photovoltaic generator is connected to gate terminals of said first and second MOSFETs, said photovoltaic generator providing a galvanically isolated current source to actuate said first and second MOSFETs when current is applied to light emitting diodes of said photovoltaic generator; conditioning the electrical power from the vehicle to a level compatible with said control; isolating electromagnetic interference between the vehicle and the solid state switching system; monitoring absolute position of a lighthead of the retractable light with a contactless encoder; gradually turning said light emitting diodes on and off to effect a gradual actuation and de-actuation of said solid state switches; switching said motor brake, motor, and lamp on and off in a synchronized fashion such that only one of said motor brake, motor, and lamp are switched on or off at any given time; protecting said solid state switches from transient voltages; and activating said solid state switches to alert the vehicle crew when said lighthead is in an extended position. 