An assembly for providing illumination to an automobile wheel having an at least partially transparent wheel covering. The assembly includes a bracket for securing to the a non-rotating portion of an automobile wheel and a light emitting diode or diode array operationally connected to the bracket. A rechargeable battery is electrically connected to the light emitting diode and the light emitting diode, when energized, shines light through the at least partially transparent wheel covering when the wheel covering is rotating.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An assembly for providing illumination to an automobile wheel having an apertured wheel covering, comprising: a bracket adapted to be pivotably mounted to an automobile brake caliper; a light source mounted on the bracket; and a mounting magnet connected to the bracket; wherein the light source is adapted to be electrically connected to a battery; wherein the light source is adapted to shine light intermittently through the apertured wheel covering when the wheel covering is rotating; and wherein the mounting magnet is sufficiently powerful to connect the bracket to the brake caliper. 2. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the battery is an automobile battery. 3. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the battery is a designated rechargeable battery connected to the bracket and operationally connected to the light source. 4. The assembly of claim 3 further comprising a solar cell positioned to at least intermittently receive sunlight and electrically connected to the designated rechargeable battery. 5. The assembly of claim 3 further comprising a relay adapted to receive a control signal and operationally connected to the battery and the light source, and a control mechanism adapted to send a control signal to the relay, wherein the light source has a first shining state and a second non-shining state and wherein receipt of the control signal by the relay actuates a changing of the state of the light source. 6. The assembly of claim 5 wherein the control mechanism is a radio transmitter. 7. The assembly of claim 5 wherein the control mechanism is an automobile headlight activation control. 8. An assembly for providing illumination to an automobile wheel having an apertured wheel covering, comprising: a bracket adapted to be pivotably mounted to an automobile brake caliper; and a light source mounted on the bracket; wherein the light source is adapted to be electrically connected to a battery; wherein the light source is adapted to shine light intermittently through the apertured wheel covering when the wheel covering is rotating; wherein the light source is at least one light emitting diode; and wherein the at least one light emitting diode is a triluminary light emitting diode. 9. The assembly of claim 8 further comprising a control circuit connected between the triluminary light emitting diode and the battery, wherein the triluminary light emitting diode may be actuated to provide any desired perceived color. 10. The assembly of claim 8 further comprising a timer mechanism connected between the at least one light emitting diode and the battery, wherein the timer mechanism is operable to flash the at least one light emitting diode. 11. An assembly for providing illumination to an automobile wheel having an at least partially transparent wheel covering, comprising: a substantially linear bracket secured to a non-rotating portion of an automobile wheel; a light emitting diode operationally connected to the bracket; and a power source electrically connected to the light emitting diode; wherein the light emitting diode is adapted to shine light through the at least partially transparent wheel covering when the wheel covering is rotating; wherein the bracket is positioned to extend away from the brake caliper; wherein the positioning of the bracket may be varied by pivoting the bracket relative the brake caliper; and wherein the bracket is magnetically secured to the non-rotating portion of the automobile. 12. The assembly of claim 11 wherein the power source is an automobile battery. 13. The assembly of claim 11 wherein the power source is an automobile electrical system. 14. The assembly of claim 11 wherein the power source is a designated rechargeable battery. 15. The assembly of claim 14 further comprising a solar panel electrically connected to the rechargeable battery and positioned to at least intermittently receive sunlight. 16. The assembly of claim 11 further comprising a relay adapted to receive a control signal and operationally connected to the rechargeable battery and the light emitting diode, and a control mechanism adapted to send a control signal to the relay, wherein the light emitting diode has a first light emitting state and a second non-light emitting state and wherein receipt of the control signal by the relay actuates a changing of the state of the light emitting diode. 17. The assembly of claim 11 further comprising a timer mechanism connected between the light emitting diode and the power source, wherein the timer mechanism is operable to flash the light emitting diode. 18. A method for illuminating an automobile wheel having an at least partially transparent wheel cover, comprising the steps of: a) magnetically attaching an array of light emitting diodes to a non-rotating portion of an automobile wheel; b) remotely actuating a power source to energize the array of light emitting diodes; and c) shining light from the array of light emitting diodes through the at least partially transparent wheel cover as the at least partially transparent wheel cover rotates relative to the illumination source. 19. An assembly for illuminating to an automobile wheel having an at least partially transparent wheel covering, comprising: a bracket secured to an automobile wheel brake caliper; a light emitting diode array connected to the bracket; and a power source electrically connected to the light emitting diode array; wherein the light emitting diode is positioned to intermittently shine light through the at least partially transparent wheel covering; and wherein the bracket is pivotable relative the automobile brake caliper. 20. The assembly of claim 19 wherein the bracket is mechanically secured to the brake caliper. 21. The assembly of claim 19 wherein the bracket is magnetically secured to the brake caliper. 22. The assembly of claim 19 wherein the power source is an automobile battery. 23. The assembly of claim 19 wherein the power source is an automobile electrical system. 24. The assembly of claim 19 wherein the bracket is substantially linear. 25. The assembly of claim 19 further comprising a relay adapted to receive a control signal and operationally connected to the power source and to the light emitting diode array, and a control mechanism adapted to send a control signal to the relay, wherein the light emitting diode array has a first light emitting state and a second non-light emitting state and wherein receipt of the control signal by the relay actuates a changing of the state of the light emitting diode array. 26. The assembly of claim 19 wherein the light emitting diode array is an array of triluminary diodes. 27. The assembly of claim 20 further comprising a control mechanism connected between the light emitting diode array and the power source, wherein the light emitting diode array may be actuated to provide any desired perceived color. 28. The assembly of claim 27 wherein the control mechanism is remotely actuated. 29. The assembly of claim 19 wherein the at least partially transparent wheel covering is stationary. 30. The assembly of claim 19 further comprising a timer mechanism connected between the light emitting diode array and the power source, wherein the timer mechanism is operable to flash the light emitting diode array at a predetermined pulsation rate. 31. The assembly of claim 30 wherein the timer mechanism is a microprocessor. 32. The assembly of claim 31 further comprising a rotation sensor operationally connected to the microprocessor and adapted to measure the rotation rate of the at least partially transparent wheel cover, wherein the microprocessor varies the pulsation rate as a function of the rotation rate. 