A solar battery module includes a plurality of solar cells connected to one another and a plurality of spaces each provided between adjacent solar cells, the plurality of spaces including at least one repair space which is larger than other spaces. A replacement solar cell includes an electrode and an interconnector electrically connected to the electrode, the interconnector including a connecting portion, which is positioned with respect to a connecting portion of an interconnector electrically connected to an electrode of an existing solar cell adjacent to the repair space so that the connection by the interconnectors is performed in the repair space. A method of replacing a solar cell includes the steps of simultaneously removing a plurality of existing solar cells arranged between at least two repair spaces, and simultaneously mounting a plurality of replacement solar cells to the region from which the plurality of existing solar cells are removed.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar battery module, comprising: a plurality of solar cells connected to one another; and a plurality of spaces, each provided between adjacent ones of said plurality of solar cells, said plurality of spaces including at least one repair space, said repair space being larger than other ones of said spaces. 2. In a solar battery module including a plurality of existing solar cells connected to one another and a plurality of spaces each provided between adjacent ones of said plurality of solar cells, said plurality of spaces including at least one repair space, said repair space being larger than other ones of said spaces; a replacement solar cell replacing an existing solar cell, comprising: an electrode; and an interconnector electrically connected to said electrode, said interconnector including a connecting portion, said connecting portion of said interconnector being positioned with respect to a connecting portion of an interconnector electrically connected to an electrode of an existing solar cell adjacent to said repair space, such that connection of said interconnector for said replacement solar cell to said interconnector for said adjacent existing solar cell is performed in said repair space. 3. A replacement solar cell in a solar battery module including a plurality of existing solar cells connected to one another, comprising: an electrode of a first conductivity type; an electrode of a second conductivity type opposite to said first conductivity type; a first interconnector electrically connected to said electrode of the first conductivity type; a second interconnector electrically connected to said electrode of the second conductivity type, said first and second interconnectors including connecting portions respectively, the connecting portion of said first interconnector and the connecting portion of said second interconnector being arranged at one end of the replacement solar cell, and wherein all connecting portions of the first and second interconnectors are located at said one end of the replacement solar cell, so that no connecting portions of any interconnector(s) is/are located at another end of the replacement solar cell opposite said one end. 4. The replacement solar cell according to claim 3, wherein said electrode of the first conductivity type is arranged at one end of the replacement solar cell, said electrode of the second conductivity type is arranged at the other end of the replacement solar cell, and said second interconnector extends from said other end to said one end of the replacement solar cell so that the connecting portion of said second interconnector is arranged at said one end of the replacement solar cell. 5. The replacement solar cell according to claim 3, wherein said electrode of the first conductivity type and said electrode of the second conductivity type are arranged at one end of the replacement solar cell. 6. A method of replacing a solar cell in a solar battery module including a plurality of existing solar cells connected to one another and a plurality of spaces each provided between adjacent ones of said plurality of solar cells, said plurality of spaces including at least two repair spaces, said repair spaces being larger than other ones of said spaces, the method comprising: removing, simultaneously, a plurality of existing solar cells arranged between at least two of said repair spaces; and mounting, simultaneously, a plurality of replacement solar cells into a region from which said plurality of existing solar cells are removed. 7. The method of replacing a solar cell according to claim 6, wherein said step of mounting includes the step of connecting a replacement solar cell to an existing solar cell adjacent to said replacement solar cell, within said repair space. 8. A method of replacing a solar cell in a solar battery module including a plurality of existing solar cells connected to one another, the method comprising: removing an existing solar cell; and mounting a replacement solar cell smaller than said existing solar cell into a region from which said existing solar cell is removed, a repair space being provided between said replacement solar cell and said existing solar cell adjacent to said replacement solar cell. 9. The method of replacing a solar cell according to claim 8, wherein said replacement solar cell has a power output approximately equal to said existing solar cell. 10. The method of replacing a solar cell according to claim 8, wherein said step of mounting includes the step of connecting said replacement solar cell to an existing solar cell adjacent to said replacement solar cell, within said repair space. 11. The method of replacing a solar cell according to claim 10, wherein said existing solar cell adjacent to said replacement solar cell includes an electrode, said replacement solar cell includes an electrode and a first interconnector electrically connected to said electrode of said replacement solar cell, said step of mounting includes the steps of connecting said electrode of said existing solar cell adjacent to said replacement solar cell to one connecting portion of a second interconnector and extending another connecting portion of said second interconnector into said repair space, and connecting a connecting portion of said first interconnector and said another connecting portion of said second interconnector. 