An electronics enclosure includes a mounting bracket adapted to mount to a support structure, a heat absorption module adapted to mount to the mounting bracket, and a housing to contain electronic equipment. The housing is adapted to mount alternatively to either the mounting bracket or the heat absorption module dependent upon solar loading conditions.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electronics enclosure comprising: a mounting bracket adapted to mount to a support structure; a heat absorption module acting as a heat sink adapted to mount to the mounting bracket; and a housing containing electronic circuitry comprising electronic components and adapted to mount alternatively to either the mounting bracket or the heat absorption module. 2. The electronics enclosure of claim 1 wherein the mounting bracket includes one or more mounting studs and wherein the heat absorption module and the housing each include mounting holes to receive the mounting studs on the mounting bracket. 3. The electronics enclosure of claim 2 wherein the mounting studs are externally threaded. 4. The electronics enclosure of claim 3 wherein the heat absorption module is secured to the mounting bracket by a nut threaded onto the mounting stud. 5. The electronics enclosure of claim 4 wherein the housing is secured to the heat absorption module by a threaded fastener. 6. The electronics enclosure of claim 3 wherein the housing is secured to the mounting bracket by a nut threaded onto the mounting stud. 7. The electronics enclosure of claim 1 wherein the mounting bracket and the housing include aligned mounting holes. 8. The electronics enclosure of claim 7 further including a threaded fastener insertable through the aligned mounting holes in the mounting bracket and the housing to secure the housing to the mounting bracket. 9. The electronics enclosure of claim 7 wherein the mounting bracket and the housing include mating elements. 10. The electronics enclosure of claim 9 wherein the mating elements comprises one or more locating pins on one of the mounting bracket and the housing and one or more locating holes on the other of the mounting bracket and the housing to receive corresponding locating pins when the housing is mounted to the mounting bracket. 11. The electronics enclosure of claim 7 wherein the heat absorption module further comprises one or more mounting holes aligned with the mounting holes in the mounting bracket and the housing. 12. The electronics enclosure of claim 11 further including one or more threaded fasteners insertable through the aligned mounting holes in the mounting bracket, the heat absorption module, and the housing to secure the heating module and housing to the mounting bracket. 13. The electronics enclosure of claim 11 wherein the mounting bracket and the heat absorption module include mating elements. 14. The electronics housing of claim 13 wherein the mating elements comprise one or more locating pins on one of the mounting bracket and the heat absorption module and one or more locating holes on the other of the mounting bracket and the heat absorption module to receive corresponding locating pins when the heat absorption module is mounted to the mounting bracket. 15. The electronics enclosure of claim 14 wherein the heat absorption module and housing include mating elements. 16. The electronics housing of claim 15 wherein the mating elements comprise one or more locating pins on one of the heat absorption module and the housing and one or more locating holes on the other of the heat absorption module and the housing to receive corresponding locating pins when the housing is mounted to the heat absorption module. 17. The electronics enclosure of claim 1 wherein the heat absorption module contains a phase change material. 18. The electronics enclosure of claim 1 wherein the electronic circuitry in the housing is telecommunications circuits. 19. A method of installing an electronics enclosure comprising: providing a mounting bracket adapted to mount to an electronics housing comprising a plurality of electronic components and a heat absorption module acting as a heat sink; when the electronics housing is subject to solar loading, mounting the heat absorption module to the mounting bracket; when the electronics housing is subject to solar loading, mounting the electronics housing to the heat absorption module such that the heat absorption module is disposed between the mounting bracket and the electronics housing; and when the electronics housing is not subject to solar loading, mounting the electronics housing directly to mounting bracket without the heat absorption module. 20. The method of claim 19 further comprising aligning the heat absorption module with the mounting bracket by inserting a first mating element on the heat absorption module with a second mating element on the mounting bracket. 21. The method of claim 20 further comprising aligning the electronics housing with the heat absorption module by mating a third mating element on the heat absorption module with a fourth mating element on the electronics housing. 22. The method of claim 19 wherein mounting the heat absorption module to the mounting bracket comprises securing the heat absorption module to the mounting bracket using one or more first threaded fasteners. 23. The method of claim 19 wherein mounting the electronics housing to the heat absorption module comprises securing the electronics housing to the heat absorption module using one or more second threaded fasteners. 24. The method of claim 19 wherein mounting the heat absorption module to the mounting bracket comprises inserting a threaded fastener through aligned mounting openings in heat absorption module and the mounting bracket. 25. The method of claim 24 wherein mounting the electronics housing to the heat absorption module comprises inserting a threaded fastener through aligned mounting openings in heat absorption module and the electronics housing. 26. The method of claim 25 wherein the threaded fasteners extend through aligned mounting openings in the mounting bracket, the heat absorption module, and the electronics housing. 