A solar powered monitor is powered by a photovoltaic solar module. The monitor measures the electrical output from the solar module and records the length of each interval of time during which the electrical output is below a predetermined value. The length of those intervals is accumulated and periodically displayed to determine the operability of the solar module. The module can be used to provide power for surveillance and for other uses.
Claims I claim: 1. A solar powered monitor comprising: a photovoltaic solar module; measuring means for measuring an electrical output from said solar module; timing means for measuring a length of each interval of time during which the electrical output measured by said measuring means is below a first predetermined value; memory means for recording an accumulation of all said intervals of time; and means for displaying said accumulation thus recorded when said accumulation reaches a record predetermined value. 2. The monitor as claimed in claim 1 further including energy storing means electrically connected to said solar module and charged by the electrical output from said solar module. 3. The monitor as claimed in claim 2 further including a sensor for monitoring an ambient temperature in which said energy storing means operates; and means for adjusting a voltage of the electrical output of said solar module according to changes in said temperature. 4. The monitor as claimed in claim 1 further including a sensor for maintaining surveillance over a predetermined object and for generating an input signal in response to said surveillance; and means for displaying an output signal in response thereto. 5. The monitor as claimed in claimed in claim 4 further including energy storing means electrically connected to said solar module and charged by the electrical output from said solar module. 6. The monitor as claimed in claim 5 further including a sensor for monitoring ambient temperature in which said energy storing means operates; and means for adjusting a voltage of the electrical output of said solar module according to changes in said temperature. 7. A solar powered monitor comprising: a photovoltaic solar module; measuring means for measuring an electrical output from said solar module; first timing means for measuring a length of each interval of time during which the electrical output measured by said measuring means is below a predetermined value; second timing means for measuring a predetermined period of time; memory means for recording an accumulation of all said intervals of time measured during said predetermined period of time; and means for displaying said accumulation thus recorded. 8. The monitor as claimed in claim 7 further including energy storing means electrically connected to said solar module and charged by the electrical output from said solar module. 9. The monitor as claimed in claim 8 further including a sensor for monitoring ambient temperature in which said energy storing means operates; and means for adjusting a voltage of the electrical output of said solar module according to changes in said temperature. 10. The monitor as claimed in claim 7 further including a sensor for maintaining surveillance over a predetermined object and for generating an input signal in response to said surveillance; and means for displaying an output signal in response thereto. 11. The monitor as claimed in claimed claim 10 further including energy storing means electrically connected to said solar module and charged by the electrical output from said solar module. 12. The monitor as claimed in claim 11 further including a sensor for monitoring an ambient temperature in which said energy storing means operates; and means for adjusting the voltage of the electrical output of said solar module according to changes in said temperature. 13. A solar powdered monitor comprising: a photovoltaic solar module; energy storing means electrically connected to said solar module and charged by the electrical output from said solar module; current measuring means for measuring the electrical output from said solar module; a controller electrically activated by said energy storing means and having a first timing means for measuring a length of each interval of time during which a current measured by said current measuring means is below a predetermined value; a second timing means for measuring a predetermined period of time, memory means for recording an accumulation of all said intervals of time measured during said predetermined period of time and for generating an input to said controller responsive to said accumulation thus recorded; a sensor for maintaining surveillance over a predetermined object and for sending an input signal to said controlled in response to said surveillance; a sensor for monitoring an ambient temperature surrounding said energy storing means and for adjusting a voltage of the electrical output of said solar module according to changes in said temperature, said controller having mean for detecting said input signals and for generating an output signal in response thereto. 