An apparatus for converting solar energy to thermal and electrical energy including a photovoltaic grid for converting the concentrated solar energy into electrical energy mounted on a copper plate that provides even temperature dispersion across the plate and acts as a thermal radiator when the apparatus is used in the radiant cooling mode; and a plurality of interconnected heat transfer tubes located within the enclosure and disposed on the plane below the copper plate but conductively coupled to the copper plate for converting the solar energy to thermal energy in a fluid disposed within the heat transfer tubes. Fresnel lenses are affixed to the apparatus on mountings for concentrating the solar energy on to the photovoltiac grid and functioning as a passive solar tracker.
Claims I claim: 1. A collector panel assembly for thermal radiant cooling and for simultaneously converting solar energy to electrical power and thermal energy comprising: a rectangular frame with an open top and an open bottom, a first closed long side and a second closed long side, a first closed short side and a second closed short side; L-shaped channels secured to the bottom of the frame by a fastening means on the first long side and the second long side of the frame, with mounting holes disposed across the length of the channels that allows fastening of the frame to a footing or a building roof; a cover plate that transmits solar energy sized to fit said open top of the rectangular frame that includes a top surface and a bottom surface; a photovoltaic grid located within said rectangular frame below the cover plate for converting solar energy transmitted into the rectangular frame through said top cover into electrical energy; a thermal collecting/radiator plate, located within said rectangular frame on a plane below the photovoltaic grid, for converting solar energy transmitted into the rectangular frame through said top cover into thermal energy; a copper tubing heat exchanger containing a plurality of interconnected heat collecting copper tubes located within said rectangular frame disposed on a plane below the thermal collecting/radiator plate but conductively coupled to the plate through a thermally conductive material that collects thermal energy from the plate and imparts that thermal energy in a fluid disposed within the heat collecting copper tubes to provide a source of thermal energy; a pipe thread fitting that penetrates the first short side of the frame, that is connected internally to the copper tubes of the copper tubing heat exchanger, and serves as a fluid inlet; a pipe thread fitting that penetrates the second short side of the frame, that is connected internally to the copper tubes of the copper tubing heat exchanger, and serves as a fluid outlet; a bottom cover plate with an interior surface and an exterior surface that is secured to the open bottom of the frame by a fastening means with the dimensions of the cover plate sized to fully cover the open frame bottom and the L-shaped channels on the first long side and the second long side of the frame; electrical energy distribution cabling for collecting electrical power from the said photovoltaic grid and transferring it out of the rectangular frame though an interface with a building plant electrical power system; a temperature sensor mounted on the pipe thread fitting of the fluid outlet of said rectangular frame for use in discharge fluid temperature control and for photovoltaic grid temperature control; lens supports mounted on each side of said rectangular frame whose length matches each side of the frame, and each with an inside surface, that is in contact with the frame and secured to the frame by a fastening means, an outside surface, and a plurality of substantial openings; a plurality of lens retainers secured by a fastening means disposed on said inside surface of the lens supports that correspond to the first long side and the second long side of the rectangular frame, with mounting height range from 6.5 to 7.5 inches above the bottom surface of the frame cover plate or 5.5 inches above the frame cover plate top surface who's length equals the short side dimension of a Fresnel lens and; a Fresnel lens assembly consisting of a plurality of Fresnel lenses each with a first and second long side, a first and second short side, and are held in place by inserting each edge of the lens' first and second short sides into a corresponding lens retainer grove. 2. A collector panel assembly of claim 1 where said rectangular frame is made from aluminum. 3. A collector panel assembly of claim 1 where said substantial openings are covered with movable louvers. 4. A collector panel assembly of claim 1 where the interior surface of the bottom cover plate of the rectangular frame is covered with a thermal insulating material. 5. A collector panel assembly of claim 1 where said top cover is made of glass. 6. A collector panel assembly of claim 1 where said top cover is made of plastic. 7. A collector panel assembly of claim 1 where said thermal collecting/radiator plate is made from copper. 8. A collector panel assembly of claim 1 where said thermally conductive material is an epoxy paste impregnated with copper. 9. A collector panel assembly of claim 1 where said interface with a plant electrical power system consists of an electrical junction box and conduit elbow located on the exterior surface of the bottom cover plate of the rectangular frame. 10. A collector panel assembly of claim 1 where the fluid inlet and fluid outlet are standard threaded brass half inch pipe fittings. 11. A collector panel assembly of claim 1 where the Fresnel lenses are 0.3 inches thick. 12. A collector panel assembly of claim 1 where the Fresnel lenses are made from a plastic material. 13. A collector panel assembly of claim 1 where said lens retainers are made from plastic. 14. A collector panel assembly of claim 1 where said lens supports are made from aluminum. 15. A collector panel assembly of claim 1 where said temperature sensor is a resistance sensor. 16. A collector panel assembly of claim 14 where said lens supports have a width sized to allow a Fresnel lens stand-off distance ranging from 6.5 to 7.5 inches above the bottom surface of the top cover of the rectangular frame. 17. A collector panel assembly of claim 4 where said thermal insulating material is foam. 18. A method of controlling discharge temperature of the collector panel assembly of claim 1 comprising the steps of: converting fluid temperature to a resistance value by the temperature sensor; converting the resistance value of the sensor to an analog voltage using a bridge circuit within a microprocessor-based controller device; converting the analog voltage into a digital voltage using an analog to digital converter within a microprocessor-based controller device; performing a Proportional-Integral-Derivative (PID) control calculation converting temperature value to a proportional flow rate within a microprocessor-based controller device; setting an analog output value representative of desired fluid flow rate within a microprocessor-based controller device; sending said analog output value to a proportional valve and positioner over a pair of wires; positioning a flow control valve position with the valve positioner and; adjusting valve trim to desired flow rate by a mechanical connection to the positioner. 19. The method of claim 18 where the discharge temperature is set to a temperature that sets a proportional temperature of the photovoltaic rote grid to a range of 70.degree. to 100.degree. F. 20. A method of controlling roof temperature when the collector panel assembly of claim 1 is mounted on a building roof comprising the steps of: flowing a hot fluid into the copper tubing heat exchanger; removing heat from the fluid by the copper tubes of the copper tubing heat exchanger and conducting the heat to the thermal collecting/radiator plate and; radiating the heat out through the collector panel assembly, heating the surrounding roof area. 21. The method of claim 20 wherein the heat is used to melt ice and snow on the collector assembly and surrounding roof. 22. A method of cooling roof temperature when the collector panel assembly of claim 1 is mounted on a building roof comprising the steps of: flowing a cool fluid into the copper tubes of the copper tubing heat exchanger and conducting heat away from the thermal collecting/radiator plate which cools and; absorbing the heat from the collector panel assembly, cooling the surrounding roof area. 