An autonomous interactive solar energy production system including a base secured to a floor, a parallelepiped body that swivels on the base including a tilting face fitted with a filed of photovoltaic, thermal and/or mixed cells, a solar energy collector, whose uptake field makes two movements for tracking the sun, one along the azimuth between 0 and 280.degree. between sunrise and sunset, and the other along the zenith between 90 and 45.degree..
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for the production of solar energy comprising: an energy uptake device including a field of silicon cells for receiving solar energy, said energy uptake device being structured and arranged so that said silicon cells are tiltable to enable said cells to be always arranged perpendicularly to the sun's rays; an energy accumulator to store the energy received by said energy uptake device; an energy backup generator for providing energy during adverse climatic conditions and during peak consumption, said energy backup generator also functioning as a safety system; a parallel connection to a public power supply network for receiving and transferring energy to and from said network; an information processing system for monitoring an energy usage of a plurality of energy consuming appliances located in the environment in which said system is installed, said information processing system being structured and arranged to automatically and interactively monitor the energy being used by each of said plurality of appliances and determine to which of said plurality of appliances said energy should b supplied; a fixed base; a swivelling crown wheel group led to said base; a prism coupled to said crown wheel to enable said prism to swivel along the azimuth from 0.degree. to 280.degree. from east to west corresponding to the path of the sun, said prism including an articulated face to which said silicon cells are mounted, said articulated face being structured and arranged to tilt between 45.degree. and 90.degree. to thereby align itself perpendicularly to the rays of the sun; and wherein said energy backup generator is mounted on a floor independently of said fixed base and said prism to prevent any transmission of vibration from said prism. 2. The system according to claim 1, further comprising: an charge control device for controlling the storage of the energy received from the field of silicon cells; an alternator-charger that converts direct current into alternating current; collectors of residual excess energy that distribute the electrical energy generated by the power generator. 3. The system according to claim 1, wherein said field of silicon cells include photovoltaic and thermal cells. 4. The system according to claim 3, wherein said photovoltaic and thermal cells act independently and diachronically in a random way to thereby enable the production of energy to be adapted to the capacity of the accumulators at each moment. 