A solar powered pipe for use in igniting pipe tobacco. The solar pipe has a light concentrating lens to direct the sun's rays onto the tobacco in a pipe and a retractable arm to regulate the intensity of the heat over the tobacco from the light concentrating lens. Both the lens and the retractable arm are connected to a mounting plate by pivotal joints. When the solar pipe lighter is not in use, it may be folded to fit inside a pocket.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar lighter for a smoking instrument, said solar lighter comprising: a first arm, said first arm having a length and a width and first end and a second end, said first arm being mounted at said first end to a mounting plate, a second arm, said second arm having a length and a width and a first end and a second end, said second arm being mounted at said first end of said second arm to said mounting plate, a lens secured to said second arm at said second end of said second arm, said lens being movable with respect to said second arm, and wherein said first arm is expandable from a first length to a second length, and said second length is longer than said first length. 2. The solar lighter as claimed in claim 1, wherein said lens is pivotably mounted to said second arm. 3. The solar lighter as claimed in claim 1, wherein said second arm is pivotally mounted to said mounting plate. 4. The solar lighter as claimed in claim 1, wherein said first arm is pivotally mounted to said mounting plate. 5. The solar lighter as claimed in claim 1, wherein a frame is secured around said lens, and said frame is secured to said second end of said second arm. 6. The solar lighter as claimed in claim 5, wherein said frame is pivotally secured to said second end of said second arm. 7. A solar lighter for a smoking instrument, said solar lighter comprising: a first arm, said first arm having a length and a width and first end and a second end, said first arm being mounted at said first end to a mounting plate, a second arm, said second arm having a length and a width and a first end and a second end, said second arm being mounted at said first end of said second arm to said mounting plate, a lens secured to said second arm at said second end of said second arm, said lens being movable with respect to said second arm, and wherein said pipe has means for receiving said second end of said first arm. 8. The solar lighter as claimed in claim 7, wherein said lens is pivotably mounted to said second arm. 9. The solar lighter as claimed in claim 7, wherein said second arm is pivotally mounted to said mounting plate. 10. The solar lighter as claimed in claim 7 wherein said first arm is pivotally mounted to said mounting plate. 11. The solar lighter as claimed in claim 7, wherein a frame is secured around said lens, and said frame is secured to said second end of said second arm. 12. The solar lighter as claimed in claim 11, wherein said frame is pivotally secured to said second end of said second arm. 