A terminal box apparatus includes a box; a plurality of connection terminals connected to a plurality of lead frames extending from photoelectric conversion elements of the a solar cell module; a pair of output take-out module connection cables; and a plurality of bypass diodes extending across the adjacent connection terminals respectively. Each of the bypass diodes has a bare chip diode and a pair of parallel lead plates disposed on an upper and lower surfaces of the bare chip diode and extended in opposite directions. Each of the lead plates has wide heat radiation parts respectively at an extended side thereof. Each of the heat radiation parts is soldered to heat radiation part receiving pieces projected from each of the connection terminals in a layered state.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell module terminal box apparatus comprising: a box mounted on a solar cell module; a plurality of photoelectric conversion elements of said solar cell module; a plurality of connection terminals disposed inside said box and connected to a plurality of connection elements extending from said photoelectric conversion elements; a pair of output take-out module connection cables having one end thereof connected to one of said connection terminals and other end thereof pulled out of said box respectively; and a plurality of bypass rectifying elements extending across said adjacent connection terminals respectively, wherein each of said bypass rectifying elements has a body, said body having first and second surfaces, and a pair of parallel lead plates disposed on said first and second surfaces said parallel lead plates extending in opposite directions; each of both said parallel lead plates has a wide heat radiation part at an extended side thereof, forming a plurality of heat radiation parts; and each of said heat radiation parts is respectively soldered to a heat radiation part receiving piece projecting from each of said connection terminals in a layered state. 2. The solar cell module terminal box apparatus according to claim 1, wherein a first of said parallel lead plates has a thickness less than 0.1 mm; and a second lead plate of said parallel lead plates has a slit-shaped notch formed in a direction perpendicular to an extension direction of said second lead plate by cutting said second lead plate alternately from both side surfaces thereof in said extension direction, said slit-shaped notch being near where said body of said each bypass rectifying element connects to the second lead plate. 3. The solar cell module terminal box apparatus according to claim 1, wherein a heat radiation plate is interposed between said heat radiation part of said parallel lead plates and said heat radiation part receiving piece of said connection terminal. 4. The solar cell module terminal box apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said connection terminal has a heat radiation surface part extended to a mounting surface of said box mounted on said solar cell module. 5. The solar cell module terminal box apparatus according to claim 1, wherein a metal plate is mounted at a portion of a mounting surface of said box, corresponding to a bypass rectifying element-mounting position for said box to be mounted on said solar cell module. 6. The solar cell module terminal box apparatus according to claim 1, wherein a surface of said box in contact with an air layer is made of metal, with said box installed on said solar cell module. 7. The solar cell module terminal box apparatus according to claim 1, wherein an entire outer surface of said box is covered with a metal cover. 8. The solar cell module terminal box apparatus according to claim 6, wherein said metal has superior heat radiation emissivity over typical steels. 9. A solar cell module terminal box apparatus comprising: a box mounted on a solar cell module; a plurality of photoelectric conversion elements of said solar cell module; a plurality of connection terminals disposed inside said box and connected to a plurality of connection elements extending from said photoelectric conversion elements; a pair of output take-out module connection cables each having a first end thereof connected to one of said connection terminals and a second end thereof pulled out of said box respectively; and a plurality of bypass rectifying elements respectively extending across said connection terminals, wherein said box includes a main box accommodating a pair of said output take-out module connection cables and a plurality of subsidiary boxes provided for said bypass rectifying elements respectively disposed across said adjacent connection terminals; and said connection terminals of said main box and said connection terminals of said subsidiary boxes are sequentially connected to each other with connection elements disposed at a side of said solar cell module. 10. A solar cell module terminal box apparatus comprising: a box mounted on said solar cell module; a plurality of photoelectric conversion elements of said solar cell module; a plurality of connection terminals disposed inside said box and connected to a plurality of connection elements extending from said photoelectric conversion elements; a pair of output take-out module connection cables each having a first end thereof connected to one of said connection terminals and a second end thereof pulled out of said box respectively; and a plurality of bypass rectifying elements extending across said adjacent connection terminals respectively, wherein said bypass rectifying elements are disposed in a zigzag pattern. 11. The solar cell module terminal box apparatus according to claim 10, wherein heat insulation partitioning walls partition said adjacent bypass rectifying elements from each other. 12. The solar cell module terminal box apparatus according to claim 7, wherein said metal has superior heat radiation emissivity over typical steels. 