If an inverter is merely attached to the back side of a solar battery module, the inverter becomes an obstacle to transport and installation, it may be broken if it strikes a building structure at the time of installation and it may malfunction owing to impact with an object. Accordingly, a weather-resistant film, a first filler, a solar battery element, a second filler and a back reinforcing material are stacked in the order mentioned and the fillers are melted using a vacuum laminator to thereby seal the solar battery element in resin between the back reinforcing material and weather-resistant film. At this time an inverter is placed on the surface of the back reinforcing material that opposes the solar battery element.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar battery device comprising: a solar battery; a power converter, arranged to convert power output from said solar battery, wherein said solar battery and said power converter are integrated; and a metal plate which mounts said integrated solar battery and power converter, wherein said power converter is placed at a position between said solar battery and said metal plate, and is contacted to a surface of said metal plate. 2. The device according to claim 1, wherein said power converter is fixed to said metal plate by resin. 3. A solar battery device comprising: a solar battery: a power converter for converting power output from said solar battery, said battery and said power converter being integrated; a metal plate for mounting said solar battery and said power converter; a thermal conductor placed at a position between said power converter and said metal plate; and a filler, which is different from said thermal conductor, for encapsulating said solar battery and said power converter. 4. The device according to claim 1, wherein said metal plate is a steel plate having a coating formed on a surface thereof, said coating being removed from a portion of said surface that contacts said power converter. 5. The device according to claim 1, wherein a surface of said power converter that contacts said metal plate is provided with recesses and protrusions. 6. The device according to claim 1, wherein said power converter is an inverter for converting DC power to AC power. 7. The device according to claim 1, wherein said power converter is a DC/DC converter for converting DC power to DC power having a different voltage. 8. The device according to claim 1, wherein said solar battery is an amorphous silicon solar battery. 9. A method of manufacturing a solar battery device, comprising the steps of: stacking at least a first filler, a solar battery, a second filler and a metal plate, in the order mentioned; placing a power converter, which converts power output from the solar battery, at a position between the solar battery and metal plate; and integrating the solar battery, the power converter and the metal plate by melting the first and second fillers to contact the power converter and the metal plate. 10. A power generator for generating power comprising the solar battery device set forth in claim 1. 11. A method of manufacturing a solar battery device, comprising the steps of: stacking at least a metal plate, a first filler, a solar battery and a second filler in the order mentioned; placing a power converter, which converts power output from the solar battery, at a position between the solar battery and metal plate; placing a thermal conductor, which is different from the first and second fillers, at a position between the power converter and the metal plate; and integrating the solar battery, the power converter and the metal plate by fusing the first and second fillers. 