Chalcopyrite semiconductors, such as thin films of copper-indium-diselenide (CuInSe.sub.2), copper-gallium-diselenide (CuGaSe.sub.2), and Cu(In.sub.x,Ga.sub.1-x)Se.sub.2, all of which are sometimes generically referred to as CIGS, have become the subject of considerable interest and study for semiconductor devices in recent years. They are of particular interest for photovoltaic device or solar cell absorber applications. The quality of Cu(In,Ga)Se.sub.2 thin films, as an example of chalcopyrite films, is controlled by making spectrophotometric measurements of light reflected from the film surface. This permits the result of non-contacting measurements of films in a continuous production environment to be fed back to adjust the production conditions in order to improve or maintain the quality of subsequently produced film.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for depositing a chalcopyrite structured semiconductor thin film onto a substrate from at least a first source and a second source, and controlling the thin film's achievable solar conversion efficiency; comprising: a) controlling the first source-to produce a first particle flux incident on the substrate and controlling the second source to produce a second particle flux incident on the substrate, thereby producing a first deposited thin film; b) monitoring the first deposited thin film's achievable solar conversion efficiency by: i) irradiating at least a portion of said first deposited thin film's surface with light comprising a plurality of wavelengths; ii) detecting light reflected from said first deposited thin film's surface with a spectrophotometric device that produces an output signal directly related to the color of said first deposited thin film's surface; and iii) comparing the output signal with a predetermined measure of the achievable solar conversion efficiency of said first deposited thin film and producing a control signal thereby; c) feeding said control signal back so as to control at least one of the first source and the second source in order to produce a second deposited thin film of better achievable solar conversion efficiency than the said first deposited thin film. 2. A method of claim 1 in which said first and said second deposited thin films consist essentially of Cu(In,Ga)Se.sub.2. 3. A method of claim 2 in which said producing of a first deposited thin film is accomplished by sputter deposition or chemical vapor deposition. 4. A method of claim 2 in which the depositing is accomplished by a physical vapor deposition process and the first particle flux is controlled by controlling a first temperature of the first source and the second particle flux is controlled by controlling a second temperature of the second source, and using the control signal to control at least one of the first temperature and the second temperature. 5. A method of claim 2 in which the output signal of the spectrophotometer identifies said first deposited thin film's surface's reflectance at at least a first and a second discrete preselected wavelength. 6. A method for depositing a chalcopyrite structured semiconductor thin film onto a substrate from at least a first source and a second source, and controlling the thin film's achievable solar conversion efficiency; comprising: a) controlling the first source to produce a first particle flux incident on the substrate and controlling the second source to produce a second particle flux incident on the substrate, thereby producing a first deposited thin film; b) monitoring the first deposited thin film's achievable solar conversion efficiency by: i) irradiating at least a portion of said first deposited thin film's surface with light comprising a plurality of wavelengths; ii) detecting light reflected from said first deposited surface with a spectrophotometric device that produces an output signal directly related to the color of said first deposited thin film's surface; and iii) comparing the output signal with a predetermined measure of the achievable solar conversion efficiency of said first deposited thin film and producing a control signal thereby; c) feeding said control signal back so as to control at least one of the first source and the second source in order to produce a second deposited thin film of better achievable solar conversion efficiency than said first deposited thin film, wherein said first and second deposited thin films consist essentially of Cu(In,Ga)Se.sub.2, and the output signal of the spectrophotometer identifies said first deposited surface's reflectance at at least a first and a second discrete preselected wavelength; the method further comprising computing a quality function directly related to a ratio of said first deposited thin film's surface's reflectance at the first discrete preselected wavelength and said first deposited thin film's surface's reflectance at the second discrete preselected wavelength and using the quality function to generate the control signal. 7. A method of claim 6 in which the first discrete preselected wavelength is in the red-orange region of the spectrum and the second discrete preselected wavelength is in the green region of the spectrum. 8. A method of claim 7 in which the first discrete preselected wavelength is approximately 640 nm and the second discrete preselected wavelength is approximately 540 nm. 