There is provided a climate control system for a parked vehicle that includes a solar panel, thermostatic switch, fans, and thermoelectric coolers. The solar panel can serve as the sole source of electricity for the system. The system affords convenient installation and removal by including solar panels that are removably attached to the exterior of a vehicle. A connecting wire electrically connects the solar panels to a housing that is removably mounted to a partially opened window on the vehicle. The thermostatic switch, fans, and thermoelectric coolers are included within the housing. The thermostatic switch alternates the direction of the current flow through the thermoelectric coolers to selectively heat or cool the interior of the vehicle. The interior surface of the thermoelectric coolers are in contact with interior heat sinks that have air circulated across them by an interior fan. Similarly, the exterior surface of the thermoelectric coolers are in contact with exterior heat sinks that have air circulated across them by an exterior fan.
Claims That which is claimed: 1. A vehicle climate control system for heating or cooling air in a passenger compartment of a vehicle, comprising: at least one solar panel structured and arranged to be removably attached to an exterior of a vehicle to serve as a sole source of electricity to the climate control system; at least one thermoelectric cooler connected to said at least one solar panel and operable to cool on one side and heat on an opposite side thereof when an electric current is passed through said at least one thermoelectric cooler; at least one fan connected to said at least one solar panel; and a housing containing said at least one thermoelectric cooler and the fan so as to form a unit, the housing defining an air intake port and an air discharge port and a flow passage therebetween, the fan being arranged to draw air into the intake port and move the air through the flow passage and out the discharge port, said at least one thermoelectric cooler being arranged such that one side thereof is exposed to air moving through the flow passage; wherein the unit is convertible from a stored position to an operable position, the unit in the operable position being removably mounted to the vehicle in such a manner that the air intake port draws air from the passenger compartment of the vehicle and moves said air over the one side of said at least one thermoelectric cooler and returns said air to the passenger compartment of the vehicle, and such that the opposite side of said at least one thermoelectric cooler is isolated from the air in the passenger compartment, whereby passenger compartment air is recirculated through the flow passage and heated or cooled by said at least one thermoelectric cooler so as to heat or cool the passenger compartment. 2. The vehicle climate control system of claim 1, wherein the housing is structured and arranged such that the unit is mountable in a window opening of the vehicle. 3. The vehicle climate control system of claim 2, wherein the housing is structured and arranged to mount between a window frame and a partially opened glass pane of a vehicle window. 4. The vehicle climate control system of claim 3, wherein the housing is structured and arranged to provide a barrier between air inside the passenger compartment and air outside the passenger compartment. 5. The vehicle climate control system of claim 4, wherein the housing defines a second flow passage, said at least one thermoelectric cooler being arranged such that the opposite side thereof is exposed to air flowing through the second flow passage, and further comprising a second fan that in the operable position of the unit draws air from outside the passenger compartment and moves the air through the second flow passage over the opposite side of said at least one thermoelectric cooler and discharges the air outside the passenger compartment. 6. The vehicle climate control system of claim 5, further comprising a thermostatic switch connected to the fans and said at least one thermoelectric cooler, the thermostatic switch being operable to regulate current flow through said at least one thermoelectric cooler. 7. The vehicle climate control system of claim 6, wherein the thermostatic switch is operable to control said at least one thermoelectric cooler so as to alternatively heat or cool the air in the passenger compartment. 8. The vehicle climate control system of claim 7, wherein the thermostatic switch is operable to cause current to be passed in one direction through said at least one thermoelectric cooler for heating the air in the passenger compartment, and to cause current to be passed in an opposite direction through said at least one thermoelectric cooler for cooling the air in the passenger compartment. 9. The vehicle climate control system of claim 8, wherein the thermostatic switch is operable to detect a temperature indicative of conditions within the passenger compartment and to cause the current to be passed in said one direction so as to heat the air when the temperature is below a predetermined limit, and to be passed in said opposite direction so as to cool the air when the temperature is above a predetermined limit. 10. The vehicle climate control system of claim 1, wherein said at least one solar panel is connected to the unit by a quick-connect, quick-disconnect cable. 11. A vehicle climate control system for heating or cooling air in a passenger compartment of a vehicle, comprising: at least one solar panel structured and arranged to be removably attached to an exterior of a vehicle to serve as a sole source of electricity to the climate control system; at least one thermoelectric cooler connected to said at least one solar panel and operable to cool on one side and heat on an opposite side thereof when an electric current is passed through said at least one thermoelectric cooler; at least one fan connected to said at least one solar panel; a thermostatic switch connected to said at least one fan and said at least one thermoelectric cooler, the thermostatic switch being operable to regulate current flow through said at least one thermoelectric cooler; and a housing containing said at least one thermoelectric cooler, said at least one fan, and the thermostatic switch so as to form a unit, the housing defining an air intake port and an air discharge port and a first flow passage therebetween, the fan being arranged to draw air into the intake port and move the air through the first flow passage and out the discharge port, said at least one thermoelectric cooler being arranged such that one side thereof is exposed to air moving through the first flow passage; wherein the housing defines a second flow passage, said at least one thermoelectric cooler being arranged such that the opposite side thereof is exposed to air flowing through the second flow passage, and further comprising a second fan that in the operable position of the unit draws air from outside the passenger compartment and moves the air through the second flow passage over the opposite side of said at least one thermoelectric cooler and discharges the air outside the passenger compartment; wherein the thermostatic control is operable to detect a temperature indicative of conditions within the passenger compartment and to cause the current to be passed in a one direction so as to heat the air when the temperature is below a predetermined limit, and to be passed in an opposite direction so as to cool the air when the temperature is above a predetermined limit; wherein the unit is convertible from a stored position to an operable position, the unit in the operable position being removably mounted to the vehicle in such a manner that the air intake port draws air from the passenger compartment of the vehicle and moves said air over the one side of said at least one thermoelectric cooler and returns said air to the passenger compartment of the vehicle, and such that the opposite side of said at least one thermoelectric cooler is isolated from the air in the passenger compartment, whereby passenger compartment air is recirculated through the flow passage and heated or cooled by said at least one thermoelectric cooler so as to heat or cool the passenger compartment; wherein the housing is structured and arranged such that the unit is mountable between a window frame and a partially opened glass pane of a vehicle window so as to provide a barrier between air inside the passenger compartment and air outside the passenger compartment. 12. A method of conditioning air within a passenger compartment of a non-running vehicle, comprising the steps of: mounting a solar panel to an exterior of the vehicle by releasable fastening devices permitting the solar panel to be dismounted after use and stored; mounting a conditioning unit in a window opening of the vehicle, the conditioning unit having a housing structured and arranged to provide a barrier between air inside the passenger compartment and air outside the passenger compartment, the housing defining an interior flow passage having an intake port and a discharge port respectively arranged to receive air from and discharge air into the passenger compartment, the unit further comprising an electrically powered interior fan arranged to move air through the interior flow passage, and a thermoelectric cooling device having one side in heat-transfer relationship with air in the interior flow passage and an opposite side in heat-transfer relationship with air outside the passenger compartment, the thermoelectric cooling device being operable to cool one of the sides thereof and to heat the other of the sides thereof when electric current is passed through the device; and removably connecting an electrically conductive cable between the solar panel and the conditioning unit so as to electrically power the fan and the thermoelectric cooling device, whereby air from the passenger compartment is recirculated through the interior flow passage and is heated or cooled by the thermoelectric cooling device. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the conditioning unit is provided to have an exterior flow passage having an intake port and a discharge port respectively arranged to receive air from and discharge air to an exterior of the passenger compartment, and an electrically powered exterior fan for moving air through the exterior flow passage, and wherein the solar panel is connected to power the exterior fan. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the conditioning unit further comprises a thermostatic switch connecting the electrically conductive cable from the solar panel to the thermoelectric cooling device so as to regulate current flow through the thermoelectric cooling device. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the thermostatic switch is provided to control the thermoelectric cooling device so as to alternatively heat or cool the air from the passenger compartment. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the thermostatic switch is operable to detect a temperature indicative of conditions within the passenger compartment and to cause the current to be passed in a direction so as to heat the passenger compartment when the temperature is below a predetermined limit, and to be passed in an opposite direction so as to cool the passenger compartment when the temperature is above a predetermined limit. 17. The method of claim 13, wherein the solar panel provides the sole source of electricity for the conditioning unit. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the electrically conductive cable between the solar panel and the conditioning unit is a quick-connect, quick-disconnect cable. 