The present invention provides a miniature lighting system which is durable, inexpensive and yet versatile. The lighting system has a light source and electrical component assembly located within a housing. The electrical component assembly is surrounded by a sealant in order to prevent any water or moisture from reaching the electrical connections and to permanently seal and unitize the circuitry with the housing. The housing is shaped so as to surround and protect the light source without allowing the sealant to reach or coat the light source.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A miniature lighting system, comprising: an opaque housing having a top portion and a bottom portion, said top portion including an opening and an inside surface; a light source located in said opening of said top portion of said housing for providing illumination to a region external to said housing through said opening; an electrical component assembly comprising a first electric insulated wire having a negative lead connected to said light source, a resistor connected to said light source, and a second electric insulated wire having a positive lead connected to said resistor, said electrical component assembly located within said housing; a sealant surrounding said electrical component assembly within said housing, said sealant affixing said electrical component assembly within said housing; and a means for preventing said sealant from exiting said opening. 2. The miniature lighting system of claim 1 wherein said light source is a light emitting diode. 3. The miniature lighting system of claim 1 further comprising a diffusing lens, said diffusing lens being affixed to said top portion of said opaque housing. 4. The miniature lighting system of claim 1 wherein said electrical component assembly is surrounded by shrink-tube. 5. The miniature lighting system of claim 1 wherein said opaque housing is comprised of a stainless steel material. 6. The miniature lighting system of claim 1 further comprising a power source transferring electrical power to said electrical component assembly. 7. The miniature lighting system of claim 6 further comprising a photocell. 8. The miniature lighting system of claim 1 further comprising a handrail mounting base, said opaque housing being embedded within a preselected portion of said handrail mounting base such that a surface of the handrail is externally illuminated. 9. The miniature lighting system of claim 1 further comprising an outer housing, said outer housing having a top portion and a bottom portion wherein said opaque housing is removably located within said outer housing. 10. The miniature lighting system of claim 1 wherein said inside surface of said opaque housing is chamfered. 11. The miniature lighting system of claim 1 wherein said light source comprises a plurality of light emitting diodes. 12. The miniature lighting system of claim 6 further comprising a switch controlling the transfer of said power to said electrical component assembly. 13. The miniature lighting system of claim 1 further comprising a disk mount which secures said light source within said top portion of said opaque housing and seals said housing. 14. The miniature lighting system of claim 13 wherein said light source comprises a plurality of light emitting diodes. 15. The miniature lighting system of claim 13 further comprising a fixture portion which secures the lighting system to a surface. 16. The miniature lighting system of claim 15 further comprising a flexible stalk member disposed between said fixture portion and said housing. 17. The miniature lighting system of claim 15 wherein said fixture portion comprises a casing and a switch. 18. The miniature lighting system of claim 2, wherein the light emitting diodes operates nominally at 20 milliamps. 19. The miniature lighting system of claim 6, further comprising a timer controlling the application of power from the power source to the electrical component assembly. 20. The miniature lighting system of claim 6, wherein the power source comprises one or more solar-charged batteries. 