A compact, autonomous motion detecting and alerting system alerts to the movement of objects of interest. Mounted on an environmentally sealed PC board are a transceiver such as a CW radar front-end, connectors, signal processors and a communications device. The system provides early warning of movement of an ice sheet or rubble field via the communication device that may be a cellular telephone. This system is mounted proximate the target surface under observation, oriented at pre-specified offset angles both laterally and in elevation. The target is illuminated and energy reflected therefrom is mixed with a portion of the transmitted signal to produce a difference frequency signal that is processed to establish existence of motion within a pre-specified velocity range. Upon verification of motion, notification is sent to a responsible authority. An autonomous or semi-autonomous power source and integral power management function may be incorporated on the same PC board.
Claims We claim: 1. A compact, inexpensive, autonomous motion detection and alerting system for detecting motion within a pre-specified velocity range, components of said system comprising: at least one transceiver sub-assembly; wherein said at least one transceiver sub-assembly: propagates electromagnetic energy as a transmitted signal in a pre-specified pattern and direction to illuminate a non-smooth surface; receives at least some energy reflected therefrom as a reflected signal; and provides a reference signal at a pre-specified sampling rate; and at least one signal processing sub-assembly in operable communication with said at least one transceiver sub-assembly, wherein, by determining the difference in frequency between said reference signal and said reflected signal, said at least one processing sub-assembly establishes the existence of a pre-specified range of Doppler frequencies that may be correlated to motion having velocities within said pre-specified velocity range, and wherein said at least one processing sub-assembly employs at least one decision algorithm to establish movement of said non-smooth surface, and wherein said at least one processing sub-assembly enables said alerting based upon a pre-specified output of said decision algorithm. 2. The system of claim 1 in which said transceiver sub-assembly comprises: at least one radar transceiver; at least one connector in operable communication with said at least one radar transceiver; at least one antenna in operable communication with said at least one connector; at least one impedance matching device in operable communication with said at least one connector and said at least one antenna; and at least one signal mixer in operable communication with said connector, wherein said at least one signal mixer receives signal inputs from said at least one radar transceiver and said at least one antenna via said at least one connector and outputs at least one signal product, said at least one signal product to include at least one signal at a Doppler frequency as appropriate. 3. The system of claim 2 mounted on a single printed circuit (PC) board, in which: said at least one radar transceiver comprises a CW microwave source having an average output power between approximately 10 and 20 dBm; said at least one connector comprises a T-connector; said at least one impedance matching device comprises an impedance matching transformer; said at least one antenna comprises a strip line beam antenna; and said at least one signal mixer comprises a single-end signal mixer. 4. The system of claim 2 in which said at least one antenna is selected from the group consisting of: a stripline antenna, a stripline beam antenna, a Yagi stripline beam antenna, a log periodic array (LPA) stripline beam antenna, a wire element beam antenna, a tubular element beam antenna, a microwave horn antenna, a microwave dish antenna, and any combination thereof. 5. The system of claim 4 in which said at least one antenna offers both forward gain of approximately at least 10 dB and antenna main lobe dimensions of approximately 60.degree. or less. 6. The system of claim 3 in which said processing sub-assembly comprises: analog circuitry in operable communication with said transceiver sub-assembly, wherein said analog circuitry conditions said signals for digital processing; digital circuitry in operable communication with said analog circuitry; wherein said digital circuitry employs at least one decision algorithm for determining movement of said non-smooth surface; and a communications device in operable communication with said digital circuitry. 7. The system of claim 6 in which: said analog circuitry comprises: at least one first amplifier for amplifying at least one said signal product from said signal mixer; at least one bandpass filter having an input and an output; wherein said at least one bandpass filter passes only those Doppler frequencies that correlate to said pre-specified velocity range; at least one second amplifier, having an input and an output, for amplifying said output of said bandpass filter; and a Schmitt trigger for final conditioning of said output of said second amplifier; said digital circuitry comprises: at least one analog-to-digital (A/D) converter in operable communication with said threshold circuit; a digital signal processor (DSP) in operable communication with said A/D converter, wherein said DSP implements said at least one decision algorithm and a power management function; and said communications device comprises: at least one autodialer; at least one cellular phone; and at least one cellular phone antenna. 8. The system of claim 7 in which at least some of said system's components are enclosed within a weatherproof enclosure. 9. The system of claim 7 further comprising a power source installed on said single PC board. 10. The system of claim 9 in which said power source includes at least one solar panel augmenting at least one rechargeable battery. 11. The system of claim 7, further comprising at least one mounting bracket. 12. A method for detecting and alerting to the movement of a target surface, comprising: mounting, at a location proximate said target surface, a motion detecting and alerting system having components to include a transceiver for producing a first signal containing electromagnetic energy; providing power to said motion detecting and alerting system; illuminating at least part of said at least one target surface with said first signal; receiving at least one second signal representing electromagnetic energy reflected from said target surface as a result of said illuminating; processing said at least one second signal together with at least one reference signal provided from said transceiver, wherein said processing produces at least one difference frequency signal representing the difference in frequency between said at least one reference signal and said at least one second signal; establishing a value of said at least one difference frequency signal, wherein a non-zero value indicates motion that may be of at least one pre-specified type; processing any non-zero value difference signal by implementing at least one decision algorithm, having an input and an output, to minimize false alarms; and using said output of said at least one decision algorithm, providing notification of any occurrence of said at least one pre-specified type of said motion. 13. The method of claim 12, in which said notification, at least in part, comprises placing a telephone call automatically. 14. The method of claim 12, in which said establishing said value of said at least one difference frequency signal further comprises introducing at least one pre-specified delay period prior to sending said notification. 15. The method of claim 12, further comprising selectively powering said components based on system demand. 16. The method of claim 12, further comprising mounting said system such that said antenna is oriented in respect to said target surface at an offset angle less than approximately 60.degree. both laterally and in elevation. 17. The method of claim 12, further comprising mounting said system such that said antenna is oriented in respect to said target surface with an offset angle between approximately 0.degree. and 30.degree. both laterally and in elevation. 18. The method of claim 12, further comprising using an inclinometer to achieve an accuracy of at least .+-.1.0.degree. in orienting said system. 19. An autonomous ice sheet and rubble motion detecting and alerting system, components of said system mounted on at least one printed circuit (PC) board, said system comprising: at least one transceiver sub-assembly; wherein said at least one transceiver sub-assembly: propagates electromagnetic energy as a transmitted signal in a pre-specified pattern and direction to illuminate said ice sheet and rubble; receives at least some energy reflected therefrom as a reflected signal; and provides a reference signal; and at least one signal processing sub-assembly in operable communication with said at least one transceiver sub-assembly, wherein, by comparing said propagated signal with said reflected signal, said at least one processing sub-assembly establishes the existence of a pre-specified range of Doppler frequencies that may be correlated to an expected velocity of motion representative of said ice sheet and rubble, and wherein said at least one processing sub-assembly employs at least one decision algorithm to establish movement of said ice sheet and rubble, and wherein said at least one processing sub-assembly enables said alerting based upon a pre-specified output of said decision algorithm. 20. The system of claim 19 in which said transceiver sub-assembly incorporates a CW radar front-end. 