An improved pre-heating, contiguous in-line water heater is described. The in-line water heater utilizes a passive heating means to passively heat at least a portion of the input water received by the in-line water heater. The result is a more cost efficient water heater. The in-line water heater is integrated with a control means to receive input from various sensor and to regulate the operation of the in-line water heater.
Claims What is claimed: 1. An in-line water heater for heating input water comprising: a. a body having an outer perimeter that partially defines an interior, said interior comprising at least one transit channel for transporting said input water through said water heater and a passive heating means; b. a water input in communication with a first end of said at least one transit channel to deliver said input water to said water heater and a water output in communication with a second end of said at least one transit channel to distribute said water to at least one feeder pipe; c. at least one heating element in combination with said at least one transit channel, said heating element being in communication with and heating said input water; and d. where at least a portion of said input water is passively heated by a transfer of heat from said passive heating means to said input water. 2. The water heater of claim 1 where the passive heating means is selected from the group consisting of insulating foam, Styrofoam, asbestos, glass fiber insulation, metal, stone and sand. 3. The water heater of claim 2 where the metal is selected from the group consisting of copper, aluminum, brass, tin and alloys thereof. 4. The water heater of claim 1 where said passive heating means is a solid metal and the at least one transit channel is cast within said solid metal. 5. The water heater of claim 1 where the at least one transit channel is a single transit channel. 6. The water heater of claim 1 where the interior comprises at least four interconnected transit channels and not more than three heating elements in combination with said transit channels. 7. The water heater of claim 6 where the transit channel in communication with said water input does not contain a heating element. 8. The water heater of claim 6 where the interior comprises not more than 4 heating elements. 9. The water heater of claim 1 where at least one of the water input or water output extend into said interior. 10. The water heater of claim 9 where said at least one of the water input or water output extend to an uppermost portion of said interior. 11. The water heater of claim 10 where the degree of said passive heating is proportional to the length of said at least one of the water input or water output. 12. The water heater of claim 9 where at least one of the water input or the water output is placed into proximity with said at least one transit channel to increase the efficiency of said passive heating. 13. The water heater of claim 1 where said interior comprises at least four interconnected transit channels and not more than three heating elements in combination with said transit channels and where said water input and said water output extend to an uppermost portion of said interior. 14. The water heater of claim 13 where the degree of said passive heating is proportional to the length of said water input and water output. 15. The water heater of claim 13 where at least one of the water input or the water output is placed into proximity with at least one transit channel to increase the efficiency of said passive heating. 16. The water heater of claim 1 where the input water is pre-heated before delivery to said water heater. 17. The water heater of claim 16 where said pre-heating utilizes solar heating. 18. The water heater of claim 1 further comprising an outer covering over the outer perimeter. 19. The water heater of claim 18 where the outer covering is manufactured from a material selected from the group consisting of polymers, plastics and metals. 20. The water heater of claim 18 further comprising a layer of insulating material between the outer perimeter and the outer covering. 21. The water heater of claim 1 where said water input further comprises a flow detecting means and said water output further comprises a temperature detecting means. 22. The water heater of claim 1 further comprising a top cap and a bottom cap removably secured to said body. 23. The water heater of claim 22 where said top cap contains a control means and a connecting means and said bottom cap contains a leak detecting means and a drain. 24. The water heater of claim 1 further comprising at least one sensor and a control means in communication with said at least one heating element and said at least one sensor. 25. The water heater of claim 24 where the at least one sensor is selected from the group consisting of a flow detection means, a temperature detecting means and a leak detecting means. 26. The water heater of claim 25 where the control means performs at least one function selected from the group consisting of: 1) monitoring the temperature of said input water as said input water flows through said water heater; 2) monitoring said heating elements to determine which of said elements are in use at a given time; 3) providing an input means to set the set temperature; 4) determining how many of said heating elements are required heat said input water to the set temperature; 5) monitoring said heating elements to determine if said elements are functioning properly; 6) monitoring said water heater for a leak; 7) monitoring a flow of input water through said water heater and activating said heating elements only when said flow is detected; 8) alerting a user when said water heater is not functioning within a first set of parameters by activating an alarm; and 9) providing said user a visual display of a second set of parameters. 27. The water heater of claim 26 where the alarm is a visual alarm, an audible alarms or a combination of a visual alarm and an audible alarm. 28. The water heater of claim 26 where the first set of parameters include at least one parameter selected from the group consisting of: detection of a leak, detection of a heating element that is not functioning properly, detection of a blockage in the transit channels and detection of an inability to heat said input water to the set temperature. 29. The water heater of claim 26 where the visual display is an LED display. 30. The water heater of claim 26 where said second set of parameters include at least one parameter selected from the group consisting of: set temperature, current temperature of input water, on/off state of the heating elements; status of the individual heating elements and whether said water heater is receiving power. 