A robust two spectral band radiometer for long-term stand-alone spectral radiance measurements in the field is provided. The instrument can be used to monitor various surface parameters over prolonged periods of time by automatically collecting spectral radiance measurements at a user selected time interval (minutes to days). Two main applications are the monitoring of water surface parameters, such as total SSC and turbidity, and on-land vegetation by collecting spectral radiance measurements in a broad visible red and near-infrared spectral bands. Use for other application is possible using different spectral bands and multiple radiometers. Also included is the use of a ratioing technique to correlate the spectral radiance values rather than spectral reflectance values to the surface parameters of interest; this simplifies both the filed instrumentation requirements and post processing procedures.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for monitoring surface parameters comprising collecting spectral radiance measurements in two spectral bands; applying ratioing techniques to the spectral radiance measurements to remove the effect of sun elevation and cloud cover variations and obtain a ratio of spectral radiance measurements wherein the ratio of spectral radiance measurements comprise a direct correlation to spectral reflectance values; monitoring the surface parameters of interest; and correlating the ratio of spectral measurements to the surface parameters of interest. 2. The method according to claim 1 wherein the surface parameters are selected from the group consisting of vegetation cover, vegetation density, and combinations thereof. 3. The method according to claim 1 wherein the surface parameters are selected from the group consisting of suspended sediment concentration in water, turbidity in water, and combinations thereof. 4. The method according to claim 1 wherein the spectral bands measurements for the two immediate applications are visible red and near-infrared. 5. The method according to claim 1 wherein the ratioing techniques comprising the following formula: ##EQU3## wherein Eo is the total solar irradiance in a given spectral band is used in place of spectral reflectances. 6. The method according to claim 1 wherein the spectral measurments are collected at time intervals ranging from about 15 minutes to two weeks during daylight. 7. A method for monitoring surface parameters comprising collecting a plurality of spectral radiance measurements in two spectral bands using a plurality of one to several radiometers covering different portions of the spectrum; applying ratioing techniques to the spectral radiance measurements to remove the effect of sun elevation and cloud cover variations and obtain a ratio of spectral radiance measurements wherein the ratio of spectral radiance measurements comprise a direct correlation to spectral reflectance values; monitoring the surface parameters of interest; and correlating the ratio of spectral radiance measurements to the surface parameters of interest. 8. The method according to claim 7 wherein the surface parameters are selected from the group consisting of vegetation cover, vegetation density, and combinations thereof. 9. The method according to claim 7 wherein the surface parameters are selected from the group consisting of suspended sediment concentration in water, turbidity in water, and combinations thereof. 10. The method according to claim 7 wherein the spectral bands measurements for the two immediate applications are visible red and near-infrared. 11. The method according to claim 7 wherein the ratioing techniques comprising the following formula: ##EQU4## wherein Eo is the total solar irradiance in a given spectral band is used in place of spectral reflectances. 12. The method according to claim 7 wherein the spectral measurments are collected at time intervals ranging from about 15 minutes to two weeks during daylight. 