Monitoring and management system for the lamps of a lighting network comprising a device (1.sub.i), associated with each lamp (2.sub.i) of the network, provided with means (8, 19) for measuring the characteristic operating parameters of the lamp, at least one microprocessor (6, 20) for processing said measured parameters, and a transmitter/receiver for transmitting said data which are received by a central unit (100); said transmitter/receiver is of radio wave type and is arranged to receive the parameters measured by the successive devices (1.sub.i+1,n) and to transmit them, together with the parameters measured for the lamp (2.sub.i) with which it is associated, to at least the transmitter/receiver of that device (1.sub.i-1) associated with the preceding lamp (2.sub.i-1).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A monitoring and management system for the lamps of a lighting network powered by an electric line providing line voltage, each lamp being connected in parallel to said line between at least one preceding lamp and/or at least one following lamp, the system comprising, associated with each lamp of the network, a device provided with means for measuring at least one of the characteristic operating parameters of the lamp selected from the group consisting of the voltage, the current and the power factor of the lamp, at least one microprocessor for processing said measured operating parameters, and a device for transmitting said measured operating parameters which are received by a central unit, wherein said device is a transmitter/receiver of radio wave type and is arranged to receive the measured operating parameters from other transmitter/receivers of the devices each associated to the respectively following lamps of the network and to transmit them, together with the parameters measured by the device for the lamp with which it is associated, to at least another transmitter/receiver of another device associated with the preceding lamp. 2. A system as claimed in claim 1, characterised in that each device is powered by a power unit connected to the line voltage. 3. A system as claimed in claim 1, characterised in that each device is powered by at least one photovoltaic cell. 4. A system as claimed in claim 3, characterised in that each device comprises a storage battery powered by said photovoltaic cell. 5. A system as claimed in claim 4, characterised in that a switching feeder is interposed between said photovoltaic cell and said battery. 6. A system as claimed in claim 1, characterised in that said means for measuring the characteristic operating parameters of the lamp comprise two units for measuring the line voltage, the lamp voltage, the lamp current and the power factor. 7. A system as claimed in claim 1, characterised in that said measurement means comprise at least one photovoltaic cell. 8. A system as claimed in claim 5, characterised in that said photovoltaic cell also powers the electrical and electronic components of the device. 9. A system as claimed in claim 1, characterised in that a receiver for a position satellite signal of GPS type is associated with each lamp. 10. A system as claimed in claim 9, characterised in that said signal is made available to said microprocessor. 11. A system as claimed in claim 10, characterised by comprising a monitor for displaying the position of each lamp with reference to a map which illustrates at least that zone involving the lighting network. 