A modular apparatus for and method of alternating current photovoltaic power generation comprising via a photovoltaic module, generating power in the form of direct current; and converting direct current to alternating current and exporting power via one or more power conversion and transfer units attached to the module, each unit comprising a unitary housing extending a length or width of the module, which housing comprises: contact means for receiving direct current from the module; one or more direct current-to-alternating current inverters; an alternating current bus; and contact means for receiving alternating current from the one or more inverters.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A modular alternating current photovoltaic power generation apparatus comprising: a photovoltaic module generating power in the form of direct current; and one or more power conversion and transfer units attached to said module, each said unit comprising a unitary housing extending a length or width of said module, which housing comprises: contact means for receiving direct current from said module; one or more direct current-to-alternating current inverters and associated collective electronic circuits, printed circuit boards, and components; direct current circuitry and associated components; alternating current circuitry, arrav interconnections, and surge protection; and an alternating current bus; wherein said apparatus outputs only alternating current electric power and requires no external direct current fuses or direct current disconnects. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 additionally comprising an alternating current bus link attached to said bus and permitting parallel interconnection to other said apparatuses to form an alternating current photovoltaic array. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said housing additionally comprises a data communications link. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 additionally comprising one or more interconnect units attached to said module and electrically connected to said alternating current bus and providing an external connection point for the alternating current power to an electrical service panel. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said housing comprises a shape selected from an I-beam shape, a channel shape, and a T-beam shape. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said housing additionally comprises one or more of a surge protector for said one or more inverters and photovoltaic module, a communications network that reports status of said individual apparatus, a communications network for dispatching or other selection criteria, seals to provide weather resistance, and thermal management means for said apparatus. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 additionally comprising means selected from the group consisting of means for framing said module, means for roof mounting said apparatus, means for open structure mounting, means for pole mounting, and means for window wall mounting said apparatus. 8. An alternating current photovoltaic power generation system comprising a modular alternating current photovoltaic power generation apparatus according claim 1. 9. The system of claim 8 comprising a plurality of said apparatuses. 10. A method of alternating current photovoltaic power generation, the method comprising: via a photovoltaic module, generating power in the form of direct current; and converting direct current to alternting current and exporting power via one or more power conversion and transfer units attached to the module, each unit comprising a unitary housing extending a length or width of the module, which housing comprises: contact means for receiving direct current from said module; one or more direct current-to-alternating current inverters and associated collective electronic circuits, printed circuit boards, and components; direct current circuitry and associated components; alternating current circuitry, array interconnections, and surge protection; and an alternating current bus; wherein said method provides output of onlv alternating current electric power and requires no external direct current fuses or direct current disconnects. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein exporting comprises employing an alternating current bus link attached to the bus and permitting parallel interconnection to other apparatuses comprising a photovoltaic module and one or more power conversion and transfer units, thereby forming an alternating current photovoltaic array. 12. The method of claim 10 additionally comprising communicating data via a data communications link comprised by the housing. 13. The method of claim 10 wherein exporting comprises employing one or more interconnect units attached to the module and electrically connected to the alternating current bus and providing an external connection point for the alternating current power to an electrical service panel. 14. The method of claim 10 wherein the housing comprises a shape selected from an I-beam shape, a channel shape, and a T-beam shape. 15. The method of claim 10 wherein the housing additionally comprises one or more of a surge protector for the one or more inverters and photovoltaic module, a communications network that reports status information, a communications network for dispatching or other selection criteria, seals to provide weather resistance, and thermal management means. 16. The method of claim110 additionally comprising employing means selected from the group consisting of means for framing the module, means for roof mounting the apparatus, means for open structure mounting, means for pole mounting, and means for window wall mounting the apparatus. 17. A modular alternating current photovoltaic power generation apparatus comprising: a photovoltaic module generating power in the form of direct current; one or more direct current-to-alternating current inverters receiving direct current from said photovoltaic module; and one or more power transfer units attached to said module, each said unit comprising a unitary housing extending a length or width of said module, which housing comprises: contact means for receiving alternating current from said one or more inverters; direct current circuitry and associated components; alternating current circuitry, arrav interconnections, and surge protection; and an alternating current bus; wherein said apparatus outputs only alternating current electric power and requires no external direct current fuses or direct current disconnects. 18. A method of generating alternating current photovoltaic power, the method comprising the steps of: via a photovoltaic module, generating power in the form of direct current; receiving the direct current and converting to alternating current via one or more direct current-to-alternating current inverters; and exporting the alternating current via one or more power transfer units attached to the module, each unit comprising a unitary housing extending a length or width of the module, which housing comprises: contact means for delivering direct current to the one or more inverters and contact means for receiving alternating current from the one or more inverters; direct current circuitry and associated components; alternating current circuitry, array interconnections, and surge protection; and an alternating current bus; wherein said one or more power transfer units output only alternating current electric power and require no external direct current fuses or direct current disconnects. 