An automatic nail fastening device which is capable of adjusting the spacing and patterning of the nails is presented which is especially useful for nailing decking to a roof. The device is also capable of identifying metal having a predetermined thickness in the underlying substrate so that nailing into such metal contained in the underlying substrate can be avoided.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An automatic nail fastening device comprising: a frame; at least one wheel attached to said frame for enabling movement of the frame; at least one nail gun attached to the frame; at least one rail attached to the frame for mounting said at least one nail gun so that said at least one nail gun can be laterally adjusted along a length of the rail; means for activating the nail gun; a sensor attached to the frame for sensing a distance traveled, said sensor being capable of sending a signal in relation to said distance; a microprocessor for receiving the signal from said sensor and controlling the nail gun; and a power source for said microprocessor. 2. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 1 further comprising a detector for sensing metal having a predetermined thickness located in a path of the nail gun wherein said detector sends a signal to the microprocessor to prevent the nail gun from nailing into the metal. 3. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 1 wherein said microprocessor controls said means for activating the nail gun, spacing of the nails, and a pattern of nailing. 4. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 1 further comprising means for feeding nails into the nail gun. 5. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 1 further comprising a pair of handles attached to the frame for enabling a user to push the device. 6. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 5 further comprising a push button for manually activating the nail gun. 7. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 6 further comprising a safety lever attached to each of said handles. 8. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 5 further comprising a control panel positioned near the handles. 9. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 8 wherein said control panel comprises a switch for turning the device on and off. 10. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 9 wherein said control panel further comprises at least one of a means for selecting spacing of nails and means for selecting a pattern for nailing. 11. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 10 wherein said control panel further comprises one or more light emitting diodes for indicating at least one of a low battery, an inaccurate nail spacing and realignment for proper spacing, and an "on" status. 12. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 1 wherein said power source comprises at least one of a battery, a fuel cell, or a solar source. 13. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 1 wherein said means for activating the nail gun includes an actuator air cylinder which is connected to an air control valve which is controlled by the microprocessor. 14. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 7 wherein said means for activating the nail gun further includes: an air pressure regulator; an air filter; and a lubricator. 15. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 1 further comprising means for locating an edge of substrate for nailing. 16. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 1 wherein an angle of said at least one nail gun is adjustable with respect to a nailing surface. 17. An automatic nailing device for installing roof decking comprising: a frame; a pair of wheels attached to said frame for enabling movement of the frame; a pair of nail guns attached to the frame; pneumatic means for activating the nail guns; a sensor for sensing a distance traveled, said sensor being capable of sending a signal relating to said distance; a microprocessor capable of receiving the signal from said sensor and triggering the pneumatic means in response to receiving the signal; a detector for sensing a metal having a predetermined thickness in a path of the nail guns, said detector capable of sending a signal to the microprocessor to prevent the nail guns from nailing into the metal; and a power source for said microprocessor. 18. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 17 wherein said microprocessor is capable of controlling spacing of nails that are emitted from the nail guns and a pattern for nailing the nails. 19. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 17 further comprising means for feeding nails into the nail guns. 20. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 17 further comprising a pair of handles connected to said frame wherein each of said handles includes a safety lever. 21. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 17 wherein said power source comprises at least one of a battery, a fuel cell, or a solar source. 22. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 17 further comprising at least one push button for manually triggering the pneumatic means. 23. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 17 further comprising means for locating an edge of roof decking. 24. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 17 further comprising a control panel connected to said frame. 25. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 24 wherein said control panel comprises a switch for turning the device on and off. 26. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 25 wherein said control panel further comprises at least one of a means for selecting spacing of nails and means for selecting a pattern for nailing. 27. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 26 wherein said control panel further comprises one or more light emitting diodes for indicating at least one of a low battery, an inaccurate nail spacing and realignment for proper spacing, and an "on" status. 28. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 17 further comprising at least one rail attached to the frame for mounting at least one nail gun so that said at least one nail gun can be laterally adjusted along the length of the rail. 29. The automatic nail fastening device of claim 17 wherein an angle of said at least one nail gun is adjustable with respect to a nailing surface. 30. A method for automatically fastening nails to a substrate comprising the steps of: providing a device having a frame with at least one rail, at least one nail gun mounted to the rail so that said at least one nail gun can be laterally adjusted along a length of the rail, means for activating the nail gun, and means for moving the frame; locating an edge of the substrate with the device; inputting a length of space between nails into a microprocessor; moving the device along the substrate; sensing a distance traveled by the device and sending a signal to the microprocessor; receiving the signal with the microprocessor;and activating the nail gun in response to the received signal. 31. The method of claim 30 further comprising the steps of: detecting a metal having a predetermined thickness located in the path of the nail gun; and sending a different signal to the microprocessor to prevent actuation of the nail gun. 32. The method of claim 30 further comprising the step of inputting a pattern for nailing the nails into the microprocessor prior to moving the device along the substrate. 33. The method of claim 30 wherein said step of activating the nail gun comprises the steps of: sending a signal from the microprocessor to an air control valve; and activating the air control valve to remove air pressure from an actuator air cylinder connected to the nail gun. 34. An automatic nail fastening device comprising: a frame; at least one wheel attached to said frame for enabling movement of the frame; at least one nail gun attached to the frame; means for activating the nail gun; a sensor attached to the frame for sensing a distance traveled, said sensor being capable of sending a signal in relation to said distance; a microprocessor for receiving the signal from said sensor and controlling a nail gun; a power source for said microprocessor; and a detector for sensing metal having a predetermined thickness located in a path of the nail gun wherein said detector sends a signal to the microprocessor to prevent the nail gun from nailing into the metal. 