An assembly developed for the purpose of detachably mounting an illuminating means to the upper portion of an existing headstone or monument by means of an appropriate mounting assembly. In place, the mounting assembly extends above the top portion of the headstone, and preferably, a lighting means, such as a solar powered light provides illumination over the headstone or monument. The mounting assembly includes a base member, and a lower bracket assembly for detachably mounting the monument assembly to the top portion of a headstone or monument. The lower bracket assembly cooperates with the back panel member so that the lower portion of the back panel member and a vertical end of the lower bracket assembly extends downward and adjustably overlap the top portion of the headstone. Through the use of an open channel in the horizontal portion of the lower bracket assembly and bolts, the subject invention allows for mounting the mounting assembly to the top portion of the headstone without disfiguring the headstone. When the lower bracket assembly is positioned correctly, the inside surface of the back panel member and the inner surface of the vertical.
Claims I claim: 1. A mounting assembly for detachably mounting to the upper portion of a cemetery headstone or monument, the mounting assembly comprising: a base member formed of an upwardly extending back panel member attached to a top panel member, said back panel member having an inside surface and a lower portion, said top panel having an aperture, and said top panel member approximately perpendicular to the back panel member, a lower bracket assembly having movable member, said movable member having a vertical portion, said vertical portion having an inner surface, attaching means for detachably mounting the mounting assembly to the upper portion of the headstone, wherein the lower bracket assembly cooperates with the back panel member so that the lower portion of the back panel member and the vertical portion of the lower bracket assembly extend downward and overlap the upper portion of the headstone, and wherein said aperture in said top panel is located such that a fixture can be suspended from said top panel and aperture. 2. The mounting assembly as recited in claim 1, wherein the lower bracket assembly includes a horizontal mounting plate, said mounting plate including an open channel that substantially extends a longitudinal axis of the mounting plate forming an access opening, and said movable member includes a horizontal portion attached to said vertical portion, wherein at least two threaded holes are disposed through the horizontal portion for threadably receiving bolts. 3. The mounting assembly as recited in claim 2, wherein the threaded bolts are slidably passed through the channel of the mounting plate into the threaded holes of the horizontal portion of the movable member, slidably changing a distance between the inner surface and the inside surface relative to the width of the top portion of the headstone so that the inside surface of the back panel member and the inner surface of the vertical portion results in a compression of the mounting assembly against front and back surfaces of the headstone which secures the mounting assembly to the headstone. 4. The mounting assembly as recited in claim 1, further comprising an elongated protective pad attached to the inside surface of the lower portion of the back panel member. 5. The mounting assembly as recited in claim 1, further comprising at least one elongated protective pad attached to the lower bracket assembly. 6. The mounting assembly as recited in claim 1, further wherein said fixture is an illuminating means suspended from the aperture of the top panel. 7. The mounting assembly as recited in claim 6, wherein the illuminating means is a solar powered light fixture. 8. The mounting assembly as recited in claim 1, further comprising an ornamental cross-member having one end attached to the top panel member and the opposite end attached to the inside surface of the back panel member. 9. A mounting assembly for detachably mounting to the upper portion of a cemetery headstone or monument, the mounting assembly comprising: a base member formed of an upwardly extending back panel member attached to a top panel member, said back panel member having an inside surface and a lower portion, said top panel having an aperture, and said top panel member perpendicular to the back panel member, a lower bracket assembly having movable member, said movable member having a vertical portion, said vertical portion having an inner surface wherein the lower bracket assembly cooperates with the back panel member so that the lower portion of the back panel member and the vertical portion of the lower bracket assembly extend downward and overlap the upper portion of the headstone and, wherein said aperture in said top panel is located such that a fixture can be suspended from said top panel and aperture. 10. The mounting assembly as recited in claim 9, wherein the lower bracket assembly includes a horizontal mounting plate having a first end and a distal end opposite the first end, said first end joined to the inside surface of the back panel member, the mounting plate further includes an open channel that substantially extends a longitudinal axis of the mounting plate and forms an access opening at the distal end of the mounting plate, said movable member includes a horizontal portion attached to said vertical portion, said vertical portion in parallel relationship with the back panel member, and the horizontal portion in parallel relationship with the horizontal mounting plate, wherein at least two threaded holes are disposed through the horizontal portion for threadably receiving bolts. 11. The mounting assembly as recited in claim 10, wherein the bolts are slidably passed through the channel of the mounting plate into the threaded holes of the horizontal portion of the movable member, slidably changing a distance between the inner surface and the inside surface relative to a width of the top portion of the headstone so that the inside surface of the back panel member and the inner surface of the vertical portion results in a compression of the mounting assembly against front and back surfaces of the headstone which secures the mounting assembly to the headstone. 12. The mounting assembly as recited in claim 9, further comprising an elongated protective pad attached to the inside surface of the lower portion of the back panel member. 13. The mounting assembly as recited in claim 9, further comprising at least one elongated protective pad attached to the lower bracket assembly. 14. The mounting assembly as recited in claim 9, further wherein said fixture is an illuminating means attached to the aperture of the top panel. 15. The mounting assembly as recited in claim 14, wherein the illuminating means is a solar powered light fixture. 16. The mounting assembly as recited in claim 9, further comprising an ornamental cross-member having one end appropriately attached to the top panel member and the opposite end attached to the inside surface of the back panel member. 17. A mounting assembly for detachably mounting to an upper portion of a cemetery headstone, the mounting assembly comprising: a base member attached to a top panel member, said base member having a second padded inside surface, said first and second padded surfaces cooperating to form an adjustable mount, an aperture formed inside said top panel member such that a fixture can be suspended from said aperture and supported by said mounting assembly with said first and second padded surfaces protecting said headstone. 18. The mounting assembly as recited in claim 17, further wherein said fixture is a light suspended from the aperture of the top panel. 19. The mounting assembly as recited in claim 17, wherein said adjustable mount includes a channel and bolts such that a distance between said first and second padded surfaces can be adjusted. 