A light source is provided by a photonic crystal having an enhanced photonic density-of-states over a band of frequencies and wherein at least one of the dielectric materials of the photonic crystal has a complex dielectric constant, thereby producing enhanced light emission at the band of frequencies when the photonic crystal is heated. The dielectric material can be a metal, such as tungsten. The spectral properties of the light source can be easily tuned by modification of the photonic crystal structure and materials. The photonic crystal light source can be heated electrically or other heating means. The light source can further include additional photonic crystals that exhibit enhanced light emission at a different band of frequencies to provide for color mixing. The photonic crystal light source may have applications in optical telecommunications, information displays, energy conversion, sensors, and other optical applications.
Claims We claim: 1. A light source, comprising a photonic crystal having at least two dielectric materials that provide a periodic variation in the dielectric constant of the photonic crystal such that the photonic crystal exhibits an enhanced photonic density-of-states over a band of frequencies, and wherein at least one of the dielectric materials has a complex dielectric constant to provide enhanced light emission at the band of frequencies when the photonic crystal is heated. 2. The light source of claim 1, wherein the absolute value of the real part .vertline..di-elect cons..sub.r (.omega.).vertline. is greater than four times the imaginary part .di-elect cons..sub.i (.omega.) of the complex dielectric constant of the at least one of the dielectric materials at the band of frequencies. 3. The light source of claim 1, wherein the absolute value of the real part .vertline..di-elect cons..sub.r (.omega.).vertline. of the complex dielectric constant of the at least one of the dielectric materials is greater than 100 at the band of frequencies. 4. The light source of claim 1, wherein the absolute value of the real part .vertline..di-elect cons..sub.r (.omega.).vertline. of the complex dielectric constant of the at least one of the dielectric materials is greater than 10 at the band of frequencies. 5. The light source of claim 1, wherein the imaginary part .di-elect cons..sub.i (.omega.) of the complex dielectric constant of the at least one of the dielectric materials is greater than 5 at the band of frequencies. 6. The light source of claim 1, wherein the imaginary part .di-elect cons..sub.i (.omega.) of the complex dielectric constant of the at least one of the dielectric materials is greater than 1 at the band of frequencies. 7. The light source of claim 1, wherein the photonic crystal has a photonic band gap and the enhanced photonic density-of-states occurs within an allowed band of the photonic crystal. 8. The light source of claim 1, wherein the enhanced photonic density-of-states occurs at a photonic band edge. 9. The light source of claim 1, wherein the photonic crystal comprises a cavity defect providing the enhanced photonic density-of-states within a photonic band gap of the photonic crystal. 10. The light source of claim 9, wherein the cavity defect comprises an additive defect. 11. The light source of claim 9, wherein the cavity defect comprises a subtractive defect. 12. The light source of claim 9, wherein the cavity defect comprises replacing at least one of the dielectric materials with another dielectric material in a region of the photonic crystal. 13. The light source of claim 1, wherein the photonic crystal further comprises a surface photonic crystal that is different than the photonic crystal that underlies the surface photonic crystal. 14. The light source of claim 13, wherein the surface photonic crystal comprises at least one dielectric material having a complex dielectric constant having a lower imaginary part than the imaginary part of the at least one of the dielectric materials having a complex dielectric constant of the photonic crystal. 15. The light source of claim 13, wherein the surface photonic crystal has a thickness of less than one unit cell. 16. The light source of claim 1, wherein the photonic crystal is thermally isolated from its surroundings. 17. The light source of claim 16, wherein the thermal isolation comprises surrounding the photonic crystal with a vacuum or low-pressure, low conductivity gas. 18. The light source of claim 16, wherein the photonic crystal is mounted on a low-heat-conductivity, low-heat-capacity substrate. 19. The light source of claim 1, wherein the photonic crystal is heated resistively by the application of a bias voltage to the photonic crystal. 20. The light source of claim 1, wherein the photonic crystal is heated by a combustion heat supply, solar absorber, or radiation absorber. 21. The light source of claim 1, wherein one of the at least two dielectric materials comprises a gas. 22. The light source of claim 1, wherein the at least one of the dielectric materials having a complex dielectric constant comprises a metal. 23. The light source of claim 22, wherein the metal comprises tungsten, gold silver, copper, or nickel. 24. The light source of claim 1, wherein the at least one of the dielectric materials having a complex dielectric constant comprises titanium nitride or silicon carbide. 25. The light source of claim 1, wherein the periodic variation in the dielectric constant is less than 10 microns. 26. The light source of claim 1, wherein the periodic variation in the dielectric constant is less than 1 micron. 27. The light source of claim 1, wherein the photonic crystal is two-dimensional. 28. The light source of claim 1, wherein the photonic crystal is three-dimensional. 29. The light source of claim 1, further comprising at least one additional photonic crystal having at least two dielectric materials that provide a periodic variation in the dielectric constant of the at least one additional photonic crystal such that the at least one additional photonic crystal exhibits an enhanced photonic density-of-states over a different band of frequencies than the photonic crystal, and wherein at least one of the dielectric materials of the at least one additional photonic crystal has a complex dielectric constant to provide enhanced light emission at the different band of frequencies when the at least one additional photonic crystal is heated to provide color mixing with the enhanced light emission of the photonic crystal. 30. A method for producing light emission, comprising heating a photonic crystal having at least two dielectric materials that provide a periodic variation in the dielectric constant of the photonic crystal such that the photonic crystal exhibits an enhanced photonic density-of-states over a band of frequencies, and wherein at least one of the dielectric materials has a complex dielectric constant to provide enhanced light emission at the band of frequencies. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein the heating comprises resistive heating by application of a bias voltage to the photonic crystal. 32. The method of claim 30, wherein the heating comprises heating the photonic crystal with a combustion heat supply, solar absorber, or radiation absorber. 33. The method of claim 30, wherein the photonic crystal is thermally isolated from its surroundings. 34. The method of claim 33, wherein the thermal isolation comprises surrounding the photonic crystal with a vacuum or low pressure, low conductivity gas. 35. The method of claim 33, wherein the thermal isolation comprises mounting the photonic crystal on a low-heat-conductivity, low-heat-capacity substrate. 36. The method of claim 30, wherein the absolute value of the real part .vertline..di-elect cons..sub.r (.omega.).vertline. is greater than four times the imaginary part .di-elect cons..sub.i (.omega.) of the complex dielectric constant of the at least one of the dielectric materials at the band of frequencies. 37. The method of claim 30, wherein the absolute value of the real part .vertline..di-elect cons..sub.r (.omega.).vertline. of the complex dielectric constant of the at least one of the dielectric materials is greater than 100 at the band of frequencies. 38. The method of claim 30, wherein the absolute value of the real part .vertline..di-elect cons..sub.r (.omega.).vertline. of the complex dielectric constant of the at least one of the dielectric materials is greater than 10 at the band of frequencies. 39. The method of claim 30, wherein the imaginary part .di-elect cons..sub.i (.omega.) of the complex dielectric constant of the at least one of the dielectric materials is greater than 5 at the band of frequencies. 40. The method of claim 30, wherein the imaginary part .di-elect cons..sub.i (.omega.) of the complex dielectric constant of the at least one of the dielectric materials is greater than 1 at the band of frequencies. 41. The method of claim 30, wherein the photonic crystal has a photonic band gap and the enhanced photonic density-of-states occurs within an allowed band of the photonic crystal. 42. The method of claim 30, wherein the enhanced photonic density-of-states occurs at a photonic band edge. 43. The method of claim 30, wherein the photonic crystal comprises a cavity defect providing the enhanced photonic density-of-states within a photonic band gap of the photonic crystal. 44. The method of claim 43, wherein the cavity defect comprises an additive defect. 45. The method of claim 43, wherein the cavity defect comprises a subtractive defect. 46. The method of claim 43, wherein the cavity defect comprises replacing at least one of the dielectric materials with another dielectric material in a region of the photonic crystal. 47. The method of claim 30, wherein one of the at least two dielectric materials comprises a gas. 48. The method of claim 30, wherein the at least one of the dielectric materials having complex dielectric constant comprises a metal. 49. The method of claim 48, wherein the metal comprises tungsten, gold, silver, copper, or nickel. 50. The method of claim 30, wherein the periodic variation in the dielectric constant is less than 10 microns. 51. The method of claim 30, wherein the periodic variation in the dielectric constant is less than 1 micron. 52. The method of claim 30, wherein the photonic crystal is two-dimensional. 53. The method of claim 30, wherein the photonic crystal is three-dimensional. 54. The method of claim 29, further comprising heating at least one additional photonic crystal having at least two dielectric materials that provide a periodic variation in the dielectric constant of the at least one additional photonic crystal such that the at least one additional photonic crystal exhibits an enhanced photonic density-of-states over a different band of frequencies than the photonic crystal, and wherein at least one of the dielectric materials of the at least one additional photonic crystal has a complex dielectric constant to provide enhanced light emission at the different band of frequencies to provide color mixing with the enhanced light emission of the photonic crystal. 