A slide projector that is portable, easy to use and suitable for use by an individual, or individuals in the home. The slide projector comprises means in which to project an image perpendicularly from a slide onto a projection surface. In use, the projected image of the slide lies in a substantially planar surface. The slide is located in a rotating carousel which can be automatically, or manually, rotated, thus providing accurate simulation of the orientation of stars and other celestial bodies at a specific date and time.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A slide projector comprising projection means for directly projecting an image from a slide perpendicularly onto a projection surface, the projection means being such that the projected image of the slide lies, in use, in a substantially planar projection surface, the projection means comprising: a light source; at least two vertically juxtaposed slides parallel to each other; rotation means to rotate at least one of the slides; and means to provide and air flow to thereby provide a negative pressure below said slides to retain the slides in their respective positions. 2. A slide projector according to claim 1, wherein the image is projected vertically from at least one of said slides onto a substantially planar projection surface. 3. A slide projector according to claim 1, wherein the at least two slides are in a horizontal plane. 4. A slide projector according to claim 1, wherein the projection means further comprises mounting means for holding at least one of the slides in a fixed position. 5. A slide projector according to claim 4, wherein the fixed slide is positioned directly below a rotatable slide. 6. A slide projector according to claim 5, wherein the projection means further comprises means for retaining the slides on a carousel and the mounting means respectively, and for keeping the slides in close contact therewith. 7. A slide projector according to claim 6, wherein the retaining means further comprises means for providing of an air flow above and below the slides. 8. A planetarium having a slide projector constructed in accordance with claim 1. 9. A planetarium having a slide projector constructed in accordance with claim 4. 10. A planetarium according to claim 9, wherein the fixed slide is such as to display, in use, an image of a night horizon. 11. A planetarium according to claim 8, wherein the projector means comprises rotation means for rotating at least one of the slides. 12. A planetarium according to claim 11, wherein the rotatable slide is such as to display, in use, an image of a starfield. 13. A planetarium according to claim 8, wherein the rotatable slide is such as to display, in use, an image of a planet and any celestial bodies associated therewith. 14. A planetarium according to claim 8, wherein the rotatable slide is such as to display, in use, an image of a solar system and any celestial bodies associated therewith. 15. A slide projector comprising projection means for directly projecting an image from a slide perpendicularly onto a projection surface, the projection means being such that the projected image of the slide lies, in use, in a substantially planar projection surface, the projection means comprising: a light source; at least two vertically juxtaposed slides parallel to each other; rotation means to rotate at least one of the slides, the rotation means is in the form of a rotatable carousel; and a projecting lens movable between a first position, directly above the at least two slides, and a second position away from the first position, thereby to allow easy access to the slides. 16. A slide projector according to claim 15, wherein the rotatable carousel is able to rotate at least one of said slides at a predetermined speed. 