A test point monitor is disclosed which includes, a processor, a cellular modem interfaced to the processor, and at least one analog sensor interfaced to the processor. The monitor is configured with a wake-up cycle, and further configured to periodically measure a voltage during the wake-up cycle utilizing the sensor, and further configured to transmit the measured voltage over a cellular control channel utilizing the modem.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A test point monitor configured to monitor operation of corrosion mitigation devices for underground structures and structures having ground contact, said monitor comprising: a processor; a cellular modem interfaced to said processor; and at least one analog sensor interfaced to said processor, said monitor configured with a wake-up cycle, said monitor configured to determine if synchronized interruption activity is present on the underground structure during the wake up cycle utilizing said sensor, and measure at least one voltage utilizing said sensor during the wake up cycle, said monitor further configured to transmit the at least one measured voltage over a cellular control channel utilizing said modem. 2. A test point monitor according to claim 1 comprising a plurality of analog sensors, each said analog sensor is electrically connected to measure a pipe-to-soil potential at a close interval survey test point with respect to a reference point for an underground pipeline. 3. A test point monitor according to claim 1 further comprising a real-time clock interfaced to said processor. 4. A test point monitor according to claim 1 configured to receive data via said cellular modem to poll or modify operating parameters of said monitor. 5. A test point monitor according to claim 1 configured to store and archive the periodically measured voltages. 6. A test point monitor according to claim 5 configured to analyze the archived voltages and provide statistical information regarding the archived voltages, such statistical information comprising maximum, minimum, and average voltage values. 7. A test point monitor according to claim 1 wherein the wake up cycle is at least one of stored in said processor, received via a serial communications interface, received via said cellular modem, initiated by manual activation utilizing a test switch, and initiated by activation of an enclosure switch utilized to detect tampering. 8. A test point monitor according to claim 7 wherein during said wake-up cycle, said monitor is configured to receive communications initiating a measurement or series of measurements to be taken utilizing said sensor. 9. A test point monitor according to claim 8 wherein the communications instruct said monitor to determine whether a source of voltage potential measured with said sensor is being turned on and off at regular intervals. 10. A test point monitor according to claim 1 wherein said monitor is at least one of battery operated and solar powered. 11. A test point monitor according to claim 10 wherein said monitor is configured to provide a monitor status, monitor status comprising out of tolerance pipe-to-soil voltage potentials, a battery power indication, and a condition of said analog sensors. 12. A test point monitor according to claim 10 wherein said monitor is configured to provide the monitor status through at least one of a of transmission over a cellular control channel from said monitor and an electrical interface to said monitor. 13. A test point monitor according to claim 1 wherein said analog sensor is electrically connected to measure a pipe-to-soil potential at a test point of an underground pipeline. 14. A test point monitor according to claim 13 wherein the pipe-to-soil potential measured is at least one of a constant potential and a potential measured in response to received commands. 15. A test point monitor according to claim 14 wherein the received commands instruct said monitor to measure and record voltage potentials at pre-programmed intervals. 16. A test point monitor according to claim 14 wherein the received commands instruct said monitor when to measure and record voltage potentials. 17. A test point monitor according to claim 14 wherein the received commands comprise instructions received via said cellular modem. 18. A method for verifying operation of corrosion mitigation devices utilizing underground pipeline test points and a test point monitor, the monitor including at least one analog sensor electrically connected across a pipeline test point and a reference point, said method comprising; determining if synchronized interruption activity is present at the test point with the test point monitor; instructing the monitor to measure at least one voltage potential; measuring the voltage potentials; and providing the voltage potential measurements to an external system. 19. A method according to claim 18 further comprising: configuring the monitor with a pre-programmed wake-up cycle; and configuring the monitor to measure the voltage potentials during the wake-up cycle. 20. A method according to claim 18 wherein determining if synchronized interruption activity is present at the test point comprises determining a presence of a cycling voltage at a voltage test point with the analog sensor. 21. A method according to claim 18 further comprising initiating a wake-up cycle utilizing at least one of a serial communications interface, a cellular modem interface, a manual switch, and an anti-tampering switch. 22. A method according to claim 18 wherein measuring the voltage potentials comprises measuring the voltage potentials at pre-programmed intervals. 23. A method according to claim 18 wherein instructing the monitor to measure the at least one voltage potential comprises receiving operating parameters for the monitor over a cellular control channel. 24. A method according to claim 18 wherein the pipeline test points are close interval survey test points. 25. A method according to claim 18 wherein providing the voltage potential measurements to an external system comprises transmitting the potential measurements over a cellular control channel of a cellular system. 26. A method according to claim 25 further comprising accessing the potential measurements via a computer gateway connected to the cellular system. 27. A method according to claim 18 wherein measuring the voltage potentials comprises storing and archiving the measured voltages. 28. A method according to claim 27 further comprising: analyzing the archived voltage measurements; and providing statistical information regarding the archived voltage measurements, the statistical information comprising maximum, minimum, and average voltage measurement values. 29. A method according to claim 18 further comprising configuring the monitor with a pre-programmed wake-up cycle; and providing an instruction to the monitor regarding when to make the potential measurements during the wake-up cycle. 30. A method according to claim 29 wherein providing an instruction to the monitor regarding when to make the potential measurement comprises receiving an instruction over the cellular control channel. 31. A test point monitor configured for the measurement of voltages present at a test point of an underground pipeline, said monitor comprising: a processor; a real-time clock interfaced to said processor, said processor configured to execute a wake-up command at a predetermined time based on said real-time clock; a cellular modem interfaced to said processor; and at least one analog sensor interfaced to said processor, said sensor electrically connected across the test point and a reference point, said processor configured to initiate voltage measurements at the test point utilizing said analog sensor to determine a presence of a voltage source that is cycling on and off, and if a cycling on and off voltage source is present, said processor is configured to make one or more voltage measurements of the test pint utilizing said sensor, and further configured to cause the voltage measurements to be stored. 32. A test point monitor according to claim 31 wherein said processor executes a command to initiate voltage measurements at a predetermined time based on said real-time clock. 33. A test point monitor according to claim 31 wherein said monitor is configured to transmit a monitor status, alarm indications, measured voltage potentials, battery power indications, and a condition of said analog sensors to an external system utilizing said cellular modem. 34. A test point monitor according to claim 31 wherein said processor executes a command to initiate voltage measurements based on instructions received via said cellular modem. 35. A test point monitor according to claim 31 wherein said monitor is configured to transmit voltage measurements to an external system utilizing said cellular modem. 36. A test point monitor according to claim 35 wherein the voltage measurements are transmitted utilizing a control channel of a cellular system. 