A photovoltaic mounting apparatus for use with a solar panel includes a base element having an elongated upper portion and a lower portion. The upper portion is structured for engagement with a rooftop by being positioning underneath the shingles of a rooftop and secured thereto through the apertures of the upper portion and/or lower portion of the base element. One or more support elements extend perpendicularly from the lower portion of the base element. A front plate is situated upon the support elements and is parallel to the base element and structured for engagement with the solar panel.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A rooftop mounting system comprising: a solar panel; a rooftop comprising a plurality of shingles; and a mounting apparatus comprising: a base element having an upper portion and a lower portion, the upper portion being positioned under at least one of said shingles, the upper portion being engaged by said at least one of said shingles and engaged with said rooftop; at least one support element extending from the lower portion of said base element; a front plate situated upon said support element, said front plate being parallel to said base element; and means for securing said solar panel to said front plate. 2. The rooftop mounting system of claim 1, wherein said base element includes at least one aperture. 3. The rooftop mounting system of claim 2, wherein said base element is engaged with said rooftop by a securing system at the aperture of said base element. 4. The rooftop mounting system of claim 3, wherein said securing system comprises a screw, a washer, a lock washer, and a nut. 5. The rooftop mounting system of claim 1, wherein said front plate includes at least one aperture. 6. The rooftop mounting system of claim 5, wherein said means for securing includes a securing system engaging said front plate at the aperture of said front plate. 7. The rooftop mounting system of claim 6, wherein said securing system comprises a screw, a washer, a lock washer, and a nut. 8. The rooftop mounting system of claim 1, wherein the upper portion of said base element is elongated and positioned under said at least one of said shingles. 9. A rooftop mounting system comprising: a solar panel; a rooftop comprising a plurality of shingles; and a mounting apparatus comprising: a base element having an upper portion and a lower portion, the upper portion being positioned under at least one of said shingles, the upper portion being engaged by said at least one of said shingles and engaged with said rooftop; at least one support element extending from the lower portion of said base element; a front plate situated upon said support element, said front plate being parallel to said base element; and a hooking device including a body and a hook, the body of said hooking device engaging said solar panel, the hook of said hooking device engaging said front plate. 10. A rooftop mounting system comprising: a solar panel; a rooftop comprising a plurality of shingles; and a mounting apparatus comprising: a base element having an upper portion and a lower portion, the upper portion being positioned under at least one of said shingles and engaged with said rooftop; at least one support element extending from the lower portion of said base element; a front plate situated upon said support element, said front plate being parallel to said base element; and a hooking device including a body and a hook, the body of said hooking device engaging said solar panel, the hook of said hooking device engaging said front plate, wherein the body of said hooking device includes at least one aperture; and wherein said front plate includes at least one aperture corresponding to the aperture of the body of said hooking device. 11. The rooftop mounting system of claim 10, wherein the body of said hooking device and said front plate are engaged by a securing system at the apertures thereof. 12. The rooftop mounting system of claim 11, wherein said securing system comprises a screw, a washer, a lock washer, and a nut. 13. The rooftop mounting system of claim 9, wherein the upper portion of said base element is elongated and positioned under said at least one of said shingles of said rooftop. 14. The rooftop mounting system of claim 9, wherein said base element includes a safety securing hook. 15. The rooftop mounting system of claim 9, wherein said base element includes a front surface and a rear surface, with at least one of said surfaces including weather protection for said rooftop. 16. The rooftop mounting system of claim 1, wherein said at least one of said shingles flashes over the upper portion of said base element. 17. The rooftop mounting system of claim 16, wherein the upper portion of said base element includes at least one aperture; wherein said base element is engaged with said rooftop by a securing system at said at least one aperture of the upper portion of said base element; and wherein said at least one of said shingles flashes over said securing system. 18. The rooftop mounting system of claim 9, wherein said at least one of said shingles flashes over the upper portion of said base element. 19. The rooftop mounting system of claim 10, wherein said at least one of said shingles engages the upper portion of said base element. 20. The rooftop mounting system of claim 19, wherein said at least one of said shingles flashes over the upper portion of said base element. 