The object of the invention is to provide a solar panel and a method for manufacturing the same, wherein the manufacture of the solar panel for use in space and repair work thereon can be performed easily and in little time. An entirety of the solar panel is configured by detachably linking a plurality of unit solar cell modules, which include a plurality of solar cells and connection wires for connecting the solar cells, and electrically connecting the unit solar cell modules to one another. Thus, a solar panel can be easily fabricated by combining standardized unit solar cell modules. Moreover, by simply mechanically connecting the unit solar cell modules, they can be electrically connected, and thus the time necessary for manufacture or repair of solar panels can be shortened.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar panel for use in space comprising: a supporting frame member including an array of receiving apertures or cut-out spaces defined therein, a plurality of unit solar cell modules, each solar cell module including a plurality of solar cells and connection wires for connecting the solar cells, wherein each of a plurality of the receiving apertures or cut-out spaces defined in the supporting frame member receives at least a part of a corresponding unit solar cell module so that respective unit solar cell modules are mounted in corresponding receiving apertures or cut-out spaces defined in the frame member, and wherein an entirety of the solar panel for use in space is configured by linking the plurality of unit solar cell modules and the linking of the unit solar cell modules electrically connects the unit solar cell modules to one another. 2. The solar panel for use in space of claim 1, wherein the unit solar cell modules are linked by detachable means. 3. The solar panel for use in space of claim 1, wherein a bypass diode for protecting the solar cells with respect to a reverse bias is installed in the unit solar cell modules. 4. The solar panel for use in space of claim 1, where n the supporting frame member has a honeycomb structure of which principal material is aluminum, and that the solar cells are fastened to this supporting frame member. 5. The solar panel for use in space of claim 1, wherein the entire of the solar panel is configured by fitting the unit solar cell modules into accommodating spaces for accommodating the unit solar cell modules which are provided in the supporting frame member. 6. The solar panel for use in space of claim 1, wherein the unit solar cell modules have a structure with which they can be mechanically linked to one another, and that the entirety of the solar panel is configured by mechanically linking the unit solar cell modules to one another. 7. A solar panel for use in space comprising: a plurality of unit solar cell modules, each solar cell module including a plurality of solar cells and connection wires for connecting the solar cells, wherein the solar panel for use in space is configured by linking the plurality of unit solar cell modules and the linking of the unit solar cell modules electrically connects the unit solar cell modules to one another, and wherein mechanical structure linking the unit solar cell modules to one another includes a protruding portion provided on one side of each of the unit solar cell modules and a recessed portion provided on another side of each of the unit solar cell modules. 8. The solar panel for use in space of claim 5, wherein the frame member includes ground conduction paths for electrically connecting a light receiving side surface of each of the unit solar cell modules to a spacecraft ground. 9. The solar panel for use in space of claim 5, wherein a plurality of unit solar cell modules interconnected is lined with a resin film. 10. The solar panel for use in space of claim 5, wherein a plurality of unit solar cell modules interconnected is lined with a resin film. 11. The solar panel for use in space of claim 6, wherein a plurality of unit solar cell modules interconnected is lined with a resin film. 12. The solar panel for use in space of claim 6, wherein a plurality of unit solar cell modules interconnected is lined with a resin film. 13. The solar panel for use in space of claim 1, wherein the unit solar cell modules are provided with condenser lenses for gathering light into the solar cells. 14. The solar panel for use in space of claim 13, wherein the unit solar cell modules are provided with a frame for supporting the condenser lenser, the solar cells, and the connection wires. 15. The solar panel for use in space of claim 13, wherein the condenser lenses have a plurality of non-consecutive focal points with respect to a single lens plate, and that the solar cells are arranged at positions corresponding to those focal points. 16. The solar panel for use in space of claim 13, wherein the connection wires and a bypass diode for protecting the solar cells with respect to a reverse bias are disposed in regions which are not irradiated with light gathered by the condenser lenses. 17. The solar panel for use in space of claim 13, wherein a surface of the condenser lenses is coated with a light transmitting, conductive thin film that is connected to a spacecraft ground. 18. A method for manufacturing a solar panel for space use includes: providing a supporting frame member including an array of receiving apertures or cut-out spaces defined therein, mounting respective unit solar cell modules in corresponding receiving apertures or cut-out spaces defined in the supporting frame member, configuring an entirety of the solar panel for use in space by detachably linking the plurality of unit solar cell modules, which each include a plurality of solar cells and connection wires for connecting the solar cells, thereby electrically connecting the unit solar cell modules to one another, and repairing or adjusting the solar panel by removing and exchanging a portion of the linked unit solar cell modules. 19. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein a wall is defined between first and second adjacent receiving apertures or cut-out spaces defined in the frame member, and a conductor is provided at a top surface of said wall; and wherein the conductor provided at the top surface of said wall is in conductive contact with respective conductors of first and second unit solar cell modules which are mounted in the first and second adjacent receiving apertures or cut-out spaces, respectively, so that the first and second unit solar cell modules are in electrical communication with one another via the conductor provided at the top surface of said wall. 20. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of the receiving apertures or cut-out spaces defined in the supporting frame member receives a protrusion extending from a corresponding unit solar cell module so that respective unit solar cell modules are mounted in corresponding receiving apertures or cut-out spaces defined in the frame member via respective protrusions. 21. A solar panel for use in space comprising: a supporting frame member including an array of receiving areas or receiving respective unit solar cell modules, wherein each unit solar cell module includes a plurality of solar cells, a conductor provided at a top surface of a wall located between adjacent first and second receiving areas of the supporting frame member; and wherein the conductor provided at the top surface of said wall is in conductive contact with respective conductors of first and second unit solar cell modules which are mounted in the first and second adjacent receiving areas, respectively, so that the first and second unit solar cell modules are in electrical communication with one another via the conductor provided at the top surface of said wall. 22. A solar panel for use in space comprising: a supporting frame member including an array of receiving areas for receiving respective unit solar cell modules, wherein each unit solar cell module includes a plurality of solar cells, a conductor provided between adjacent first and second receiving areas of the supporting frame member; and wherein the conductor provided between adjacent first and second receiving areas is in conductive contact with respective conductors of first and second it solar cell modules which are mounted in the first and second adjacent receiving areas, respectively, so that the first and second unit solar cell modules are in electrical communication with one another via the conductor provided between the adjacent first and second receiving areas. 23. A solar panel for use in space comprising: a plurality of unit solar cell modules including a plurality of solar cells and connection wires for connecting the solar cells, wherein the solar panel for use in space is configured by linking the plurality of unit solar cell modules, and the linking of the unit solar cell modules electrically connects the unit solar cell modules to one another, and wherein each of a plurality of the unit solar cell modules have a structure with which they can be mechanically linked to one another in a contacting manner, so that the solar panel is configured by mechanically linking the unit solar cell modules to one another. 24. The solar panel of claim 23, wherein said structure with which the modules can be mechanically linked to one another comprises a protruding portion (31) of one solar cell module which is inserted into a recessed portion (32) of an adjacent solar cell module. 