A system for feeding direct current into an alternating current network includes a plurality of active inverters with each of the active inverters having an optimum input power and being connected at a respective input side to at least one direct current generator of fluctuating output power. A switching device is included for the one or more direct current generators from a first active inverter to a second active inverter, or vice-versa, for effecting a switchover operation, with a control device initiating the switchover operation upon fulfillment of a condition; the control device including a device for determining when the condictionis fulfilled.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for feeding direct current into an alternating current network, comprising: a plurality of active inverters with etch of said active inverters having an optimum input power and being connected at a respective input side to at least one direct current generator of fluctuating output power; and, means for switching said at least one direct current generator from a first active inverter to a second active inverter, or vice-versa, of said plurality of active inverters for effecting a switchover operation; and, a control device for initiating said switchover operation upon fulfillment of a condition, said control device including means for determining when said condition is fulfilled. 2. The system for feeding direct current into an alternating current network according to claim 1, wherein said moans for determining when said condition is fulfilled include, a measurement device for ascertaining that an actual input power applied to said second active inverter has fallen to a value that is less than said optimum input power by an amount corresponding to a total of said fluctuating output powers of a said at least one direct current generators, n being an integer and having a minimum value of 1 and a maximum value equal to that of a number of all of said at least one direct current generators connected to said first active inverter of said plurality of active inverters, with a being specified by said control device. 3. The system for feeding direct current into an alternating current network according to claim 2, wherein said switchover operation effects a separation of a direct current generators from said first active inverter to a connection of these n direct current generators to said second active inverter. 4. The system for feeding direct current into an alternating current network according to claim 2, wherein n is equal to all of said direct current generators connected to said first active inverter. 5. The system for feeding direct current into an alternating current network according to claim 1, wherein said means for switching carries out said switchover operation for all of said plurality of active inverters and all of said at least one direct current generator which have an input power and said fluctuating output power fulfilling said condition as determined by said control device. 6. The system for feeding direct current into an alternating current network according to claim 1, wherein with increasing said fluctuating output power of said at least one direct current generator, said control device initiates said means for switching for reversing said switch-over operation carried out with decreasing said fluctuating output power of said at least cue direct current generator in an opposite sequence to a prior said switchover operation. 7. The system for feeding direct current into an alternating current network according to claim 1, wherein said control device includes switches for electrically disconnecting said respective input side of each of said plurality of active inverters from one of said at least one direct current generator. 8. The system for feeding direct current into an alternating current network according to claim 1, further comprising at least one photovoltaic element far providing current generated by said at least one direct current generator. 