There is disclosed a photovoltaic power generating structure in which a solar cell module is arranged on a base member, wherein a closed space portion cut off from the air is provided between the base member and the solar cell module. Thus, there can be provided a photovoltaic power generating structure which can be easily constructed at a low installation cost, can maintain a good output as a photovoltaic power generating system, is excellent in environmental resistance, and can improve fireproofness.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic power generating apparatus comprising: (a) a solar cell module for mounting on a roof base member, and (b) convection controlling means made of a non-combustible material for forming a closed thermal insulating space portion cut off from air flow with the roof base member. 2. The photovoltaic power generating apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the convection controlling means also functions as a fixture for fixing the solar cell module. 3. The photovoltaic power generating apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the solar cell module is a lateral roofing solar cell module. 4. The photovoltaic power generating apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the solar cell module is formed as a roofing material integrated solar cell module. 5. The photovoltaic power generating apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the solar cell module is formed of an amorphous silicon based semiconductor. 6. The photovoltaic power generating apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the solar cell module is connected to an inverter for controlling the output or to a junction box. 7. A photovoltaic power generating structure comprising: (a) a solar cell module arranged on a roof base member, (b) convection controlling means made of a non-combustible material for forming a closed thermal insulating space portion cut off from air flow provided between the roof base member and the solar cell module, and (c) an underlaying material provided on the roof base member. 8. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 7, wherein the convection controlling means is disposed in the direction of a purlin. 9. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 7, wherein the underlaying material is a material having a softening point of 40 to 90.degree. C. 10. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 7, wherein the roof base member comprises a thermal insulating material. 11. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 7, comprising a non-power-generating roof portion in addition to the solar cell module. 12. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 1, wherein longitudinal ends of the convection controlling portion are closed with a plate member. 13. A photovoltaic power generating structure comprising: (a) a plurality of solar cell modules arranged on a roof base member, (b) a plurality of convection controlling portions made of a noncombustible material spacedly arranged in parallel in a direction perpendicular to a direction of air flow, each convection controlling portion extending between said solar cell modules and said roof base member, and (c) a plate member for closing longitudinal ends of the plurality of convection controlling portions, whereby a plurality of space portions are defined by the combination of said solar cell modules, said convection controlling portions and said plate member, and whereby said plurality of space portions constitute a thermal insulating space portion cut off from air flow. 14. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 13, wherein the plurality of space portions are separate from one another. 15. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 13, wherein the convection controlling portions also function as fixtures for fixing the solar cell modules. 16. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 13, wherein the solar cell modules are lateral roofing solar cell modules. 17. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 13, wherein the solar cell modules are formed as roofing material integrated solar cell modules. 18. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 13, comprising a non-power-generating roof portion in addition to the solar cell modules. 19. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 13, wherein the solar cell modules are formed of an amorphous silicon based semiconductor. 20. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 13, wherein the solar cell modules are connected to an inverter for controlling the output or to a junction box. 21. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 13, further comprising an underlaying material provided on the roof base member. 22. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 21, wherein the underlaying material is a material having a softening point of 40 to 90.degree. C. 23. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 21, further comprising means for retaining the plurality of solar cell modules to the underlaying material. 24. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 23, wherein the thermal insulating space portion is enclosed by the underlaying material, the solar cells, the retaining means and the convection controlling portions. 25. A photovoltaic power generating structure comprising a solar cell module arranged on a roof base member, the solar cell module being fixed to the roof base member with a fixing member, wherein the roof base member, the solar cell module and the fixing member form a thermal insulating space portion cut off from air flow, and wherein the thermal insulating space portion is partitioned by a convection controlling portion made of a noncombustible material into a plurality of spaces. 26. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 25, wherein longitudinal ends of the convection controlling portion are closed with a plate member. 27. A photovoltaic power generating structure comprising a plurality of solar cell modules arranged on a roof base member, wherein the roof base member and the plurality of solar cell modules form a thermal insulating space portion cut off from air flow, and wherein the thermal insulating space portion is partitioned by a convection controlling portion made of noncombustible material into a plurality of spaces. 28. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 27, wherein longitudinal ends of the convection controlling portion are closed with a plate member. 