A security system employs a plurality of towers for detecting an intruder. A detection beam extends between adjacent towers, and a breach in the detection beam detects the presence of intruders. The solar tower includes a solar panel, a solar mounting bracket, a swivel clamp, a swivel solar bracket, a solar cap opening mechanism, a solar base cap, and a top plate. The solar tower further includes a base unit, frame support rods extending from the base unit, a frame unit having face shield slots, and opposing face shields mounted in the face shield slots. The top plate is secured to the frame support rods with suitable fasteners.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A perimeter beam tower for an intruder detection system having a plurality of said towers spaced apart about a perimeter and having detection beams extending therebetween for detection of an intruder, each of said towers communicating with a remote central unit, each of said towers comprising: a) a base unit; b) at least two support rods having upper and lower ends secured at said lower end to said base unit, and extending upwardly therefrom; c) a top plate secured to said upper end of said support rods; d) a frame unit having a bottom portion of a height similar to the support rods, said frame unit slidably received over said support rods, said bottom portion of the frame unit secured to the base unit, said frame unit having a face configured for mounting equipment thereto for use with the system and having opposing face shield slots extending between said base unit and said top plate; e) opposing face shields of a height similar to the support rods, edges of each of said face shields being inserted into a respective of one of said face shield slots provided in said frame unit. 2. The perimeter beam tower of claim 1, wherein a solar base cap is secured to said top plate; a swivel clamp is mounted to said solar base cap; and a solar panel is adjustably positioned upon said swivel clamp, to enable said solar panel to be positioned at different angles to better align said solar panel with the sun. 3. The perimeter beam tower of claim 2, wherein at least one open channel is provided inside said frame unit to receive power cable wiring, said power cable wiring extending between the equipment mounted on said face and said base unit, and a solar cap opening mechanism providing access for a power cable to extend into said frame unit from said solar panel to said base unit. 4. The perimeter beam tower of claim 2, wherein said solar panel comprises a 20 watt solar panel. 5. The perimeter beam tower of claim 2, wherein said swivel clamp comprises a lower portion and an upper portion, with a swivel O-ring positioned between said upper portion and said lower portion, and said upper portion being adjustably secured to said lower portion with a suitable fastening means. 6. The perimeter beam tower of claim 1, wherein said support rods are selected to be of a height from about five feet high to about twelve feet high, and said frame unit and said opposing face shields are each of a height similar to the support rods. 7. The perimeter beam tower of claim 1, wherein said opposing face shields are shaped in a half oval configuration, and are made of a polycarbon plastic material. 8. The perimeter beam tower of claim 2, wherein a plurality of alignment pins aid in securing said solar base cap to said top plate. 9. The perimeter beam tower of claim 1, wherein at least one beam generator(s) is secured in vertically spaced alignment to said face of said frame unit, and multiple detection beams extend from one of said towers in said system to an adjacent tower in said system. 10. The perimeter beam tower of claim 9, wherein each of said towers house a receiver/processor and transmitter unit adapted for communicating with said remote central unit which is outfitted with devices configured to display information comprising the location of a breach in any of said detection beams, said information being initially communicated from the receiver/processor and transmitter unit of said tower detecting said breach. 11. The perimeter beam tower of claim 1, wherein one or more battery brackets are positioned on said face of said frame unit to support one or more batteries thereon, to provide local power. 12. A perimeter beam tower for an intruder detection system having a plurality of said towers spaced apart about a perimeter and having detection beams extending therebetween for detection of an intruder, each of said towers communicating with a remote central unit, each of said towers comprising: a) a base unit; b) at least two support rods having upper and lower ends being secured at said lower end to said base unit, and extending upwardly therefrom; c) a top plate being secured to said upper end of said support rods; d) a solar panel being mounted generally atop the tower to said base unit; (e) a frame unit having a bottom portion of a height similar to said support rods, said frame unit being slidably received over said support rods, with said bottom portion of the frame unit being secured to said base unit, said frame unit being secured to said support rods, said frame unit comprising a face configured for mounting equipment thereto for use with the system and having opposing face shield slots extending between said base unit and said top plate, at least one open channel(s) being provided inside said frame unit to receive power cable wiring, and a solar base cap opening mechanism being provided to provide access for said power cable wiring to extend into said frame unit from said solar panel; (f) opposing face shields of a height similar to said support rods, edges of each of said face shields being inserted into respective ones of said face shield slots provided in said frame unit; (g) a solar base cap being secured to said top plate; (h) a swivel clamp mounted to said solar base cap, said swivel clamp having a lower portion and an upper portion, a swivel O-ring positioned between said upper portion and lower portion, said upper portion being adjustably positioned and secured to said lower portion with a suitable fastening means; and (i) said solar panel being adjustably positioned upon said swivel clamp, to enable said solar panel to be positioned at different angles to better align said solar panel with the sun. 13. The perimeter beam tower of claim 12, wherein said solar panel comprises a 20 watt solar panel. 14. The perimeter beam tower of claim 12, wherein said support rods are selected to be of a height from about five feet high to about twelve feet high, and said frame unit and said opposing face shields are each of a height similar to said support rods. 15. The perimeter beam tower of claim 11, wherein said opposing face shields are shaped in a half oval configuration, and are made of a polycarbon plastic material. 16. The perimeter beam tower of claim 12, wherein a plurality of alignment pins aid in securing said solar base cap to said top plate. 17. The perimeter beam tower of claim 12, wherein at least one beam generator(s) is secured in spaced alignment to said face of the frame unit, and the multiple detection beams generated by the beam generators extend from one of said towers in the system to an adjacent tower in the system, each tower houses a receiver/processor and transmitter unit adapted for communicating with the remote central unit which is outfitted with devices configured to display information comprising the location of a breach of any of said detection beams, said information being initially communicated from said receiver/processor and transmitter unit of said tower detecting said breach. 18. The perimeter beam tower of claim 12, wherein one or more battery brackets are positioned on said face of the frame unit to support one or more batteries thereon. 19. A perimeter beam tower for an intruder detection system having a plurality of said towers spaced apart about a perimeter and having detection beams extending therebetween for detection of an intruder, each of said towers communicating with a remote central unit, each of said towers comprising: a) a base unit; b) at least two support rods having upper and lower ends being secured at said lower end to said base unit, and extending upwardly therefrom, the support rods are selected to be of a height selected from about five feet high to about twelve feet high; c) a top plate being secured to said upper end of said support rods; d) a solar panel being mounted generally atop the tower to said base unit; (e) a frame unit having a bottom portion of a height similar to said support rods, said frame unit being slidably received over said support rods, with said bottom portion of the frame unit being secured to said base unit, said frame unit being secured to said support rods, said frame unit comprising a face configured for mounting equipment thereto for use with the system and having opposing face shield slots extending between said base unit and said top plate, at least one open channel(s) being provided inside said frame unit to receive power cable wiring, and a solar base cap opening mechanism being provided to provide access for said power cable wiring to extend into said frame unit from solar panel to said base unit to about said top plate; (f) opposing face shields of a height similar to said support rods, edges of each of said face shields being inserted into respective one of said face shield slots provided in said frame unit, said opposing face shields each shaped in a half oval configuration; a light mounted upon said top plate; and (g) an electrical connection between said perimeter beam tower and a remote power supply. 20. The perimeter beam tower of claim 19, wherein at least one beam generator(s) is secured in spaced alignment to said face of said frame unit, and said detection beams generated by said beam generator(s) extend from one of said towers in the system to an adjacent tower in the system, each of said towers housing a receiver/processor and transmitter unit adapted for communicating with said remote central unit which is outfitted with devices configured to display information comprising the location of a breach in any of said detection beams, said information being initially communicated from said receiver/processor and transmitter unit of the tower detecting said breach. 