A device intended to be used as a shade, awning, blind and swimming pool cover includes a photocurrent-generating fabric and a support for winding and storing the fabric. The support is formed by an axisymetric tube of regular polygonal cross-section around the periphery of which the fabric is wound. The photo current-generating fabric includes a layer of interconnected photovoltaic cells.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device intended to be used as a shade, awning, blind and swimming pool or pond cover, comprising a photocurrent-generating fabric and a support for winding and storing said fabric, wherein the support is formed by an axisymetric tube of regular polygonal cross section, the fabric is wound around a periphery of the tube and the photocurrent-generating fabric comprises a layer of interconnected photovoltaic cells, said photovoltaic cells being distributed over the fabric in a succession of rows, spacing between two adjacent rows being chosen in such a way that storage of said fabric on the tube of polygonal cross section allows the cells to be kept in a plane parallel to one of sides of a polygon formed by said regular polygonal cross section. 2. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the layer of cells is encapsulated in a thermoplastic resin. 3. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the layer of cells is covered with a thermoplastic film. 4. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein a multilayer plastic sheet covers a rear side of the fabric. 5. The device as claimed in claim 1, more particularly intended to be used as a pond or swimming pool cover, wherein the fabric is provided with transverse bars that rest in succession on the ground and on two feet positioned on either side of a pond or swimming pool, so as to form a series of flats exposed to sunlight. 6. The device as claimed in claim 5, wherein said feet are of variable height. 7. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein a length of said one of sides of the polygon is greater than a largest dimension of the cells and wherein edges of the polygonal cross section tube are rounded so that winding and unwinding of the fabric are gradual. 8. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the tube is provided with lateral supports and is also joined to extension arms suitable for tensioning the fabric, said extension arms being capable of pivoting owing to action of at least one electrically operated cylinder, in such a way that the fabric remains perpendicular to sunlight over a daily path of the sun. 9. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the support includes a rotary electrical connection member that can transfer electricity generated by said fabric to an external entity. 10. The device as claimed in claim 9, wherein the rotary electrical connection member incorporates: a first, electrically insulating disk fastened to the tube and comprising two electrically conducting concentric circular blades connected to two respective electrodes emerging from the layer of photovoltaic cells; and a second, static disk fastened to a mounting support of the tube and mounted coaxially with the tube and with the first disk, said second disk being equipped with two electrical contactors that project toward the first disk so as to be permanently in contact with the two circular blades, said contactors being connected to the electrical supply wires of an electrical circuit of an external entity. 11. The device as claimed in claim 9, wherein the rotary electrical connection member incorporates: a static cylindrical peripheral ring which is fastened to a mounting support of the tube and is electrically insulated, said ring incorporating two electrical contactors that extend on either side of a wall defining said ring and are connected to two electrical supply wires of an electrical circuit of an external entity; and an insulating cylinder, coaxial with respect to the ring and fastened to the tube, said cylinder being mounted coaxially with respect to an axis of rotation of said tube and being capable of rotating inside the ring, said cylinder being provided with two cylindrical electrically conducting blades connected to two respective electrodes emerging from the layer of photovoltaic cells, an axis of revolution of the two blades being coincident with an axis of revolution of the cylinder, said blades being in permanent contact with the contractors of the ring. 