A method of making an assembly for repelling birds from a selected area, including forming fins and vents on a rotor and rotatably mounting the rotor on the distal end of a support member, the proximate end of which is adjusted to be fixed within the selected area. The fins and vents on the rotor arc responsive to wind currents to rotate the rotor and generate bird repelling noises and visual effects. The fins may include light reflective and/or other design indicia to enhance the visual effects. An electrical sound producing device may be mounted on the rotor for emitting the sound of a bird predator.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of making a repeller assembly for repelling birds from a selected area, said method comprising steps of: selecting a hollow rotor body comprising a barrel section connected to a neck section having a mouth opening, said barrel section having a chamber surrounded by a sidewall of cuttable and deformable material; cutting said sidewall along cut lines to form at least two fin shapes each connected to said barrel section by a hinge portion; pivoting said fin shapes radially outward from a rotational axis of said rotor body to deform said hinge portions and form at least two vent apertures in said rotor body and at least two fins each projecting outward from said rotor body and extending radially from said rotational axis; selecting an elongated support member having a distal end portion and a proximate end portion adapted to be fixed within the selected area; inserting said distal end portion of the support member into said barrel section through said mouth opening and said neck section, said mouth opening and said distal end portion being sized to provide a clearance between an internal surface of the opening and an external surface of said distal end portion; and, rotatably mounting said rotor body on said distal end portion of the support member, said mounting and said neck opening being arranged so that air flowing against said fins and through said vent apertures rotates said rotor body with a wobble producing a rubbing action between the rotor neck and the support member that generates a sound for repelling birds from the selected area. 2. A method according to claim 1 wherein said hinge portions are deformed to position each of said fins such that an imaginary line tangent to an innermost surface of said hinge portion and to an outermost edge at a distal end of said fin is at an angle in the range of about 20.degree. to about 90.degree. relative to a radial of said rotational axis. 3. A method according to claim 2, wherein said angle is in the range of about 40.degree. to about 50.degree.. 4. A method according to claim 1, wherein there are three to six of said fins and three to six of said vents, each of said fins being arranged adjacent to a corresponding vent. 5. A method according to claim 1 further comprising a step of placing design indicia on at least one side of each of said fins for enhancing said visual effects. 6. A method according to claim 5, wherein said design indicia includes a reflective material for providing a visual flashing effect when said rotor body rotates in the presence of light. 7. A method according to claim 1 further comprising a step of placing on at least one side of each of said fins a reflective material for providing a visual flashing effect when said rotor body rotates in the presence of light. 8. A method assembly according to claim 1, wherein a head section of said rotor body is mounted on a distal end of said support member by a bearing element and a fastening element, wherein said fastening element passes through a wall of said head section and through said bearing element, and wherein a distal end of said fastening element is fixed to the distal end of said support member. 9. A method according to claim 1, wherein said rotor body is mounted on the distal end of said support member by a shaft element secured to and projecting inward from a head section of said rotor body, and wherein a distal end of said shaft element rests freely within a cup member secured to the distal endof said support member, such that said shaft and said rotor body are free to rotate relative to said cup member and said support member. 10. A method according to claim 1, wherein said barrel section wall is cylindrical and said fin shape is cut to form a fin having a concave surface and a convex surface on opposite sides of said fin, said convex surface being on a side of said fin toward which said rotor rotates in response to an air flow against said fin. 11. A method according to claim 1 further comprising a step of attaching a shakable noisemaker to an intermediate portion of said support member, said noisemaker being arranged to be shaken to produce noise in response to said rubbing of the neck section against the support member. 12. A method according to claim 1, wherein said wobble produces a beating action between the rotor neck and the support member that generates a bird repelling noise having a constantly changing rhythm or reverberation cycle. 13. A method according to claim 1 further comprising mounting an electrical sound device on said rotor body to provide the sound of a bird of prey or other bird predator, said sound device comprising a speaker for emitting said predator sound, and said speaker being mounted within a chamber of said rotor body so that said speaker is protected from weather and said predator sound passes freely out of said vent apertures. 14. A method according to claim 13, wherein said sound device further comprises a housing mounted on a head section of said rotor body and having an exterior wall for protecting electrical components of said sound device, and wherein said method further comprises mounting a solar cell on an exterior surface of said housing wall in a position to receive sunlight. 15. A method according to claim 14, further comprising mounting on said rotor body a battery to be charged by said solar cell and an electronic chip to be powered by said battery for generating a signal for causing said speaker to emit said predator sound. 16. A method of making a repeller assembly for repelling birds from a selected area, said method comprising steps of: selecting a hollow rotor body comprising a barrel section connected to a neck section having a mouth opening, said barrel section having a chamber surrounded by a sidewall of cuttable and deformable material and outwardly protruding hollow bosses spaced substantially equally apart around a periphery of said barrel section; cutting said sidewall along cut lines to form at least two fin shapes each connected to said barrel section by a hinge portion, said cut lines being selected so that each of said fins includes at least a major portion of a corresponding one of said bosses; pivoting said fin shapes radially outward from a rotational axis of said rotor body to deform said hinge portions and form at least two vent apertures in said rotor body and at least two fins each projecting outward from said rotor body and extending radially from said rotational axis; selecting an elongated support member having a distal end portion and a proximate end portion adapted to be fixed within the selected area; inserting said distal end portion of the support member into said barrel section through said mouth opening and said neck section; and, rotatably mounting said rotor body on said distal end portion, said vent apertures being arranged relative to said fins such that an air flow against said fins flows through said vents and causes rotation of said rotor body, said rotation generating a bird repelling sound. 17. A method according to claim 16, wherein said cut lines are made so that each of said fins includes substantially all of its corresponding boss. 18. A method according to claim 17, wherein each of said cut lines are made through an area of transition between a corresponding boss and an adjacent portion of said barrel wall so that said fins do not include substantially any of said adjacent barrel wall. 19. A method according to claim 16, wherein said hinge portions are deformed to position each of said fins such that an imaginary line tangent to an innermost surface of said hinge portion and to an outermost edge at a distal end of said fin is at an angle in the range of about 20.degree. to about 90.degree. relative to a radial of said rotational axis. 20. A method according to claim 16, wherein there are three to six of said fins and three to six of said vents, each of said fins being arranged adjacent to a corresponding vent. 21. A method of making a repeller assembly for repelling birds from a selected area, said method comprising steps of: selecting a hollow rotor body comprising a head section and a barrel section connected to a neck section having a mouth opening, said barrel section being connected to said neck section by an acoustic section of said rotor body and having a chamber surrounded by a sidewall of cuttable and deformable material; cutting said sidewall along cut lines to form at least two fin shapes each connected to said barrel section by a hinge portion; pivoting said fin shapes radially outward from a rotational axis of said rotor body to deform said hinge portions and form at least two vent apertures in said rotor body and at least two fins each projecting outward from said rotor body and extending radially from said rotational axis; selecting an elongated support member having a distal end portion and a proximate end portion adapted to be fixed within the selected area; inserting said distal end portion of the support member into said barrel section through said mouth opening and said neck section; and, rotatably mounting said rotor body on said distal end portion, said vent apertures being arranged relative to said fins such that an air flow against said fins flows through said vents and causes rotation of said rotor body, said distal end portion passing through said neck section, said acoustic section and said barrel section such that said neck section rubs against said support member during rotor body rotation to produce a bird repelling sound that is amplified by said acoustic section. 22. A method according to claim 21, wherein the rotor body selected has outwardly protruding hollow bosses spaced substantially equally apart around a periphery of said barrel section of the rotor body, and wherein said cut lines are selected so that each of said fins includes at least a major portion of a corresponding one of said bosses. 23. A method according to claim 21, wherein said hinge portions are deformed to position each of said fins such that an imaginary line tangent to an innermost surface of said hinge portion and to an outermost edge at a distal end of said fin is at an angle in the range of about 20.degree. to about 90.degree. relative to a radial of said rotational axis. 24. A method according to claim 21, wherein an internal surface of said neck includes ridges that rub against said support member during rotor body rotation. 25. A method according to claim 21, wherein said barrel section wall is cylindrical and said fin shape is cut to form a fin having a concave surface and a convex surface on opposite side of said fin, said convex surface being on a side of said fin toward which said rotor rotates in response to an air flow against said fin. 26. A method according to claim 21, wherein said opening of the neck section and said distal end portion of the support member are sized to provide a clearance between an internal surface of said opening and an external surface of said distal end portion; and wherein said neck opening and mouinting means for rotatably mounting said rotor body are arranged so that air flowing against said fins and through said vents rotates said rotor with a wobble producing a rubbing action between the rotor neck and the support member that causes a vibratory sound having a constsntly changing rhythm or reverberation cycle for repelling birds from the selected area. 