Disclosed herein is a window mounted biological and chemical contamination filter system consisting of a window mounted fan system connected to one or more standard biological and chemical gas mask cartridges affixed to the portion of the window unit extending out to the outside of the window where it is installed.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A Biological and Chemical Contamination Filter comprising: a. a plurality of rotating fans mounted; b. in a window or door of a structure or a vehicle; c. which draw air in from the outside; d. an airtight tube surrounding each fan to allow air to be drawn from the exterior of the window or door of the structure or vehicle; e. a one way valve between each fan and the exterior to prevent interior air from becoming contaminated by exterior air when the fan is not operating; f. a standard gas mask mounting between each one way valve and the exterior which accepts a standard biological and chemical gas mask filter; g. flashing and inert sealant means to create an air tight seal for the entire system placed into the window or door of a structure or vehicle. 2. The Biological and Chemical Contamination Filter of claim 1 with a remotely detachable exterior housing protecting the standard biological and chemical gas mask filter from the exterior until they are needed comprising: a. an air tight cover fitting over the standard biological and chemical gas mask filter; b. a manual, electric, or magnetic means to detach the cover from the inside without exposing the occupants to the contaminated exterior. 3. The Biological and Chemical Contamination Filter of claim 1 using a combination of one or more of the following power sources to rotate the fans: a. standard house alternating electrical current; b. solar panels; c. disposal batteries; d. rechargeable batteries; e. direct hand crank means; or f. belts or gear means. 4. The Biological and Chemical Contamination Filter of claim 1 including a light bulb or light bulbs to provide interior illumination for the occupants of the structure or vehicle in the event of a power outage. 5. The Biological and Chemical Contamination Filter of claim 1 installed together with an air conditioner. 6. The Biological and Chemical Contamination Filter of claim 1 installed together with a heater. 7. The Biological and Chemical Contamination Filter of claim 1 installed together with a combination heater and air conditioner. 8. The Biological and Chemical Contamination Filter of claim 1 with a reversible fan. 9. The Biological and Chemical Contamination Filter of claim 1 with a HEPA (High Efficiency Particle) Filter placed in front of the biological and chemical gas mask cartridge. 