A solar powered window ornament including one or more photovoltaic cells used to power a drive mechanism that rotates at least one wheel for a vehicle body. The vehicle body is removable attached to a frame adapted to secure to a window. The vehicle body may be selected from a variety of available vehicles to allow replacement of different vehicle bodies. In one embodiment, the vehicle body displayed may be a three-dimensional NASCAR model.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered display comprising: a frame having a front panel; a vehicle body; means for removably mounting the vehicle body to the front panel of said frame for interchanging with a second vehicle body; at least one wheel mounted for rotation on said frame about an axle wherein the vehicle body is removably mounted without removing the at least one wheel from said frame; an electrically operable motor drive for rotating said axle; and a photovoltaic power cell connected to the motor drive, said photovoltaic power cell supplying electrical power to said motor drive. 2. The solar powered display of claim 1, wherein said vehicle body is a three-dimensional model. 3. The solar powered display of claim 1 further comprising a battery back-up power source for the motor drive. 4. The solar powered displayed of claim 1, wherein said frame is adapted to secure to an interior window surface. 5. The solar powered display of claim 1 further comprising releasable fastening means for securing said frame to an interior window surface. 6. The solar powered display of claim 5, wherein said releasable fastening means comprises at least one stanchion extending from said frame and having a suction cup at an end for securing to the interior window surface. 7. The solar powered display of claim 1, wherein said ornament comprises two wheels mounted for rotation. 8. The solar powered display of claim 7, wherein each wheel includes a respective motor coupled to said wheel for rotating said wheel. 9. The solar powered display of claim 7, wherein said motor drive comprises one motor coupled to each of said wheels by a pulley and drive belt system. 10. The solar powered display of claim 1, further comprising a base for supporting said frame on a substantially flat surface. 11. An ornament comprising: a frame having a front panel; a vehicle body; means for removably mounting the vehicle body to said frame for interchanging with a second vehicle body, at least one wheel mounted for rotation on said frame about an axle, wherein the vehicle body is removably mounted without removing the at least one wheel from said frame; and an electrically operable motor drive for rotating said axle. 