A sunshade includes a post having a rib-mounting member mounted thereon, a plurality of ribs each having an upper end pivotally connected to the rib-mounting member, a runner slidably mounted on the post, a plurality of stretchers each having an upper end pivotally connected to an intermediate portion of an associated rib and a lower end pivotally connected to the runner, a solar energy device mounted on the sunshade for receiving solar energy and transforming solar energy into electricity, and at least one light unit mounted on at least one of the ribs. The light unit is electrically connected to the solar energy device, thereby providing illumination without the need of an external power source.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A sunshade comprising: a post having a rib-mounting member mounted thereon; a plurality of ribs each having an upper end pivotally connected to the rib-mounting member; a runner slidably mounted on the post; a plurality of stretchers each having an upper end pivotally connected to an intermediate portion of an associated one of the ribs and a lower end pivotally connected to the runner; a solar energy device mounted on the sunshade for receiving solar energy and transforming solar energy into electricity; and at least one light unit mounted on the sunshade, said at least one light unit being electrically connected to said solar energy device, wherein the solar energy device includes a solar energy receiver, and wherein the solar energy receiver includes a photoelectric plate and at least one solar battery electrically connected to the photoelectric plate. 2. The sunshade as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar energy device includes a mounting base mounted on the rib-mounting member, with the solar energy receiver mounted on top of the mounting base. 3. The sunshade as claimed in claim 2, wherein said at least one light unit is mounted on at least one of the ribs. 4. The sunshade as claimed in claim 2, wherein the solar energy receiver includes a base securely engaged with the mounting base, a light-transmittable upper cover mounted above the base, and a lower cover below the base, the photoelectric plate being mounted between the base and the upper cover, said at least one solar battery being mounted in a compartment defined by the base and the lower cover. 5. The sunshade as claimed in claim 4, wherein the lower cover includes two contacts and a conductive member, the conductive member being electrically connected to one of the contacts, the solar energy receiver further having a conductive plate that is electrically connected to the other contact and to said at least one battery that is electrically connected to said one the contacts, the mounting base having two conductive plates that are electrically connected to the contacts. 6. The sunshade as claimed in claim 5, wherein the rib-mounting member includes a through-hole, the conductive member of the lower cover having a screw hole, further including a connecting member having an upper cover and a base mounted below the upper cover, a conductive post being provided on top of the upper cover, and two conductive plates being provided on the base with the conductive plates being electrically connected to the conductive column, an engaging member extending from the base into the through-hole of the rib-mounting member, with the conductive plates of the connecting member being electrically connected to the conductive plates of the mounting member, with the conductive column of the connecting member being threadedly engaged in the screw hole of the conductive member, and with an upper end of the conductive column pressing against the conductive plate of the solar energy receiver. 7. The sunshade as claimed in claim 2, wherein the rib-mounting member includes a tubular member, the mounting base having an engaging portion with an engaging hole for receiving the tubular member. 8. The sunshade as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least two light units are mounted on each said rib and electrically connected in series. 9. The sunshade as claimed in claim 1, wherein said at least one light unit has a switch for controlling on/off of said at least one light unit. 10. A sunshade comprising: a post having a rib-mounting member mounted thereon; a plurality of ribs each having an upper end pivotally connected to the rib-mounting member; a runner slidably mounted on the post; a plurality of stretchers each having an upper end pivotally connected to an intermediate portion of an associated one of the ribs and a lower end pivotally connected to the runner; a solar energy device mounted on the sunshade for receiving solar energy and transforming solar energy into electricity; and at least one light unit mounted on the sunshade, said at least one light unit being electrically connected to said solar energy device; wherein the solar energy device includes a mounting base mounted on the rib-mounting member and a solar energy receiver mounted on top of the mounting base; wherein the rib-mounting member includes a tubular member, the mounting base having an engaging portion with an engaging hole for receiving the tubular member; and wherein the engaging portion includes two diametrically opposed engaging grooves, the solar energy receiver having two diametrically opposed engaging members that are engaged in the engaging grooves, the solar energy receiver being turned through an angle for securely mounting the solar energy receiver on the mounting base. 11. The sunshade as claimed in claim 10, wherein said at least one light unit has a switch for controlling on/off of said at least one light unit. 12. The sunshade as claimed in claim 10, wherein at least two light units are mounted on each said rib and electrically connected in series. 13. A sunshade comprising: a post having a rib-mounting member mounted thereon; a plurality of ribs each having an upper end pivotally connected to the rib-mounting member; a runner slidably mounted on the post; a plurality of stretchers each having an upper end pivotally connected to an intermediate portion of an associated one of the ribs and a lower end pivotally connected to the runner; a solar energy device mounted on the sunshade for receiving solar energy and transforming solar energy into electricity; and at least two light units mounted on the sunshade, said at least two light units being electrically connected in series to said solar energy device; and wherein each of said at least two light units has a male connector on an end thereof and a female connector on another end thereof for releasable connection with the male connector on another said light unit. 14. The sunshade as claimed in claim 13, wherein said at least two light units have a switch for controlling on/off of said at least two light units. 15. The sunshade as claimed in claim 13, wherein said at least two light units are mounted on at least one of the ribs. 16. A sunshade comprising: a post having a rib-mounting member mounted thereon; a plurality of ribs each having an upper end pivotally connected to the rib-mounting member; a runner slidably mounted on the post; a plurality of stretchers each having an upper end pivotally connected to an intermediate portion of an associated one of the ribs and a lower end pivotally connected to the runner; a solar energy device mounted on the sunshade for receiving solar energy and transforming solar energy into electricity; and at least one light unit mounted on the sunshade, said at least one light unit being electrically connected to said solar energy device; wherein the solar energy device includes a mounting base and a solar energy receiver mounted on top of the mounting base, with the solar energy receiver including at least one solar battery; and wherein the mounting base includes at least one circuit board mounted therein and electrically connected to said at least one solar battery of the solar energy receiver, at least one connector being electrically connected to said at least one circuit board and extending out of the mounting base for connection with said at least one light unit. 17. The sunshade as claimed in claim 16, wherein the post includes a positioning sleeve mounted thereto, two conductive pins being mounted in the positioning sleeve, the conductive pins being electrically connected to said at least one circuit board, the runner including two conductive pegs mounted therein, wherein when the runner is moved to an unfolding position in which the sunshade is opened, the conductive pegs are electrically connected to the conductive pins to turn said at least one light unit on. 18. The sunshade as claimed in claim 16, wherein said at least one light unit has a switch for controlling on/off of said at least one light unit. 19. The sunshade as claimed in claim 16, wherein at least two light units are mounted on each said rib and electrically connected in series. 20. The sunshade as claimed in claim 16, wherein the mounting base is mounted on the rib-mounting member. 