A barrier, such as a PV module, is secured to a base by a support to create a shingle assembly with a venting region defined between the barrier and base for temperature regulation. The bottom edges of the barriers of one row may overlap the top edges of the barriers of another row. The shingle assemblies may be mounted by first mounting the bases to an inclined surface; the barriers may be then secured to the bases using the supports to create rows of shingle assemblies defining venting regions between the barriers and the bases for temperature regulation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for mounting shingle assemblies to an inclined surface comprising: selecting a shingle assembly comprising: a barrier; a base; and a connecting support for securing the barrier to the base; mounting a plurality of the bases to the support surface in a shingled manner so that the bases of one row of bases partially overlies the bases of an adjacent row of bases; the selecting and mounting steps carried out so that said rows of bases weatherproof that portion of the support surface covered thereby; and thereafter securing a plurality of the barriers to the bases using the connecting supports to create rows of shingle assemblies defining venting regions between the barriers and the bases for temperature regulation. 2. The method according to claim 1 wherein the mounting step comprises fastening the bases to the support surface. 3. The method according to claim 2 wherein the mounting step is carried out using adhesive. 4. The method according to claim 2 wherein the mounting step is carried out using fasteners configured to penetrate both the base and the support surface. 5. The method according to claim 1 wherein the selecting step is carried out so that the base has first and second edges, said first and second edges comprising first and second interengageable elements. 6. The method according to claim 5 wherein the mounting step comprises interengaging said first edge of one base with said second edge of an adjacent base to resist first and second disengaging forces, said first disengaging force oriented perpendicular to said edges along a plane oriented parallel to the base, said second disengaging force oriented perpendicular to said edges along a plane oriented perpendicular to the base. 7. The method according to claim 1 wherein the barrier securing step is a toolless securing step carried out without the use of tools. 8. The method according to claim 1 wherein the securing step is carried out so that the barriers of one said row of shingle assemblies overlie the barriers of an adjacent one of said rows of shingle assemblies. 9. The method according to claim 1 wherein said selecting step comprises choosing barriers with at least some of the barriers comprising a photovoltaic (PV) module. 10. The method according to claim 9 wherein the selecting step comprises choosing a PV module comprising an electrical connection element. 11. The method according to claim 9 wherein the selecting step comprises choosing an electrical connection element comprising a wire and a connector in said venting region. 12. The method according to claim 9 wherein the selecting step comprises choosing an electrical connection element comprising an electrical connector formed integrally with at least one of the PV module, base and support. 