A thermal sensor for low level radiation with built-in photo-thermal gain utilizing a thin film of pyro-optical material to modulate the reflectivity and/or transmission of a photonic carrier beam. The photonic carrier beam is modulated by the temperature of the pyro-optical film and detected by typically a silicon detector. A slight temperature increase of the pyro-optical film due to absorption of low level radiation increases the coefficient of absorption of the photonic carrier beam which in turn causes a further increase in temperature of the pyro-optical film. The photonic carrier beam provides power to increase the temperature of the pyro-optical film beyond the heating caused by the absorption of low level radiation alone. This thermal amplification effect provides a radiation sensor with photo-thermal gain.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A radiation sensor with thermal gain comprising: a microplatform including a pyro-optical film positioned above and thermally isolated from a substrate; a first source of low level radiation incident upon the microplatform and partially absorbed causing an incremental heating of said film; a second source of high level radiation comprised of a photonic beam incident on said film and partially absorbed heating the microplatform to a quiescent temperature; wherein the temperature coefficient of absorption of said second source increases with the temperature of said pyro-optical film; wherein an introduction of the first incremental heating causes the absorption of the second source to increase the temperature of the pyro-optical film with a second incremental heating that is greater than the first incremental heating; and a detector monitoring the intensity of the photonic beam exiting the sensor platform thereby providing an output signal measurement representative of the amount of low level radiation incident on the sensor and enhanced by the further incremental heating effect from the second source thereby providing photo-thermal gain in the microplatform structure. 2. The radiation sensor of claim 1 where the detector is formed within said substrate comprising silicon or other semiconductor material adjacent to the overlying microplatform. 3. The radiation sensor of claim 1 where the detector is located in position to receive the modulated radiation from the second source beam either reflected from or transmitted through the pyro-optical film. 4. The radiation sensor of claim 1 where the first and second sources of radiation are derived from a larger number of sources. 5. The radiation sensor of claim 1 operated in a vacuum for the purpose of increasing thermal isolation of the microplatform from said substrate. 6. The radiation sensor of claim 1 where the modulated intensity of the second source of radiation is monitored by either reflection from or transmission through said pyro-optical film. 7. The radiation sensor of claim 1 where the first source of radiation is within bandwidths ranging from ultraviolet to the far infrared or millimeter wavelengths. 8. The radiation sensor of claim 1 configured in an array of pixels and imaged to a detector comprised of a charge-coupled-diode or CMOS imager array with signal conditioning circuitry configured to output an electrical signal formatted for driving external image displays or databases. 9. The radiation sensor of claim 1 where the pyro-optical film is comprised of an oxide of vanadium maintained at a quiescent temperature between 30 and 70 deg C. 10. The radiation sensor of claim 1 where the pyro-optical film is comprised of a semiconductor or liquid crystal material in which absorption of the second radiation source increases with increasing temperature. 11. The radiation sensor of claim 1 disposed in the form of an array physically aligned over a matching array of photodetectors comprised of charge-coupled diodes, a CMOS imager, or a thermal imager, each sensitive to a wavelength component of the second radiation source. 12. The radiation sensor of claim 1 where the second radiation source is an ultraviolet, visible, or near infrared light source comprised of a light emitting diode, incandescent source, or a laser source. 13. The configuration of claim 1 where the second radiation source is disposed immediately adjacent to the microplatform to project radiation for absorption into the microplatform. 14. The radiation sensor of claim 1 where the low level radiation source is a radiation-emitting chemical reaction or biological process including chemiluminescence and bioluminescence. 15. The radiation sensor of claim 1 comprised of an array of microplatform pixels and mating detectors. 16. A radiation sensor including a means for photo-thermal gain for producing an image of a scene in response to incident infrared radiation from said scene, comprising: optics for focusing low level incident infrared radiation emitted by the scene onto a microplatform array; a chopper for the incident infrared radiation disposed between the optics and the microplatform array; each microplatform disposed on a common substrate having a film layer including pyro-optical material which is incrementally heated by absorption of the low level incident radiation a detector with a plurality of photosensor pixels aligned with corresponding pixels of the microplatform array; a light source disposed adjacent to the microplatform array to project a second source of radiation through the microplatform array onto the detector for the purpose of transferring thermal-images formed on the microplatform layer to the associated photosensor pixels; said pyro-optical material with an absorption coefficient for the light source which increases with temperature thereby providing an overall increase in index of modulation beyond that obtainable with the heating effect of the low level radiation alone; said microplatform array and the photosensors cooperating with the chopper and the light source to produce a biased signal and a reference signal; and electronics for receiving the biased signal and the reference signal and for subtracting the reference signal from the biased signal to obtain an unbiased signal representing radiance differences emitted by objects in the scene. 17. The radiation sensor of claim 16 wherein each microplatform pixel further comprises the microstructures: a plurality of posts mounted on the substrate; each post or plurality of posts attached to a structural arm for the purpose of supporting a microplatform; and wherein the posts cooperate with the respective arms to form a gap between the microplatform and the substrate equal to approximately one-quarter of a wavelength of the incident low level radiation. 18. The radiation sensor of claim 16 wherein the light source projects electromagnetic radiation from portions of the ultraviolet, visible and the near infrared spectrum. 19. The radiation sensor of claim 16 wherein the photosensors are selected from the group consisting of photoconductive cells, photodiodes, photoresistors, photoswitches, phototransistors, photovoltaic cells, and charge coupled devices. 20. The radiation sensor of claim 16 where the pyro-optical film is formed from vanadium oxide maintained at a quiescent temperature in excess of 30 degrees Centigrade. 21. The radiation sensor of claim 16 where the pyro-optical film is formed from material selected from the group consisting of gallium arsenide phosphide, gallium aluminum nitride, indium gallium arsenide, antimony sulfoiodide, barium titanate, barium strontium titanatate, antimony sulphur iodide, and lead lanthanum zirconate titanate. 