A non-contacting capacitive diagnostic device includes a pulsed light source for producing an electric field in a semiconductor or photovoltaic device or material to be evaluated and a circuit responsive to the electric field. The circuit is not in physical contact with the device or material being evaluated and produces an electrical signal characteristic of the electric field produced in the device or material. The diagnostic device permits quality control and evaluation of semiconductor or photovoltaic device properties in continuous manufacturing processes.
Claims We claim: 1. An apparatus comprising: a moving substrate, said substrate having a material or device formed thereon and a non-contacting diagnostic device, said diagnostic device providing one or more properties of said material or device formed on said substrate, said diagnostic device providing said one or more properties while said substrate is in motion, said diagnostic device comprising: a pulsed light source directing energy into said material or device formed on said substrate, said material or device formed on said substrate generating an electric field in response to said energy; and a sensing circuit providing an output signal in response to said electric field, said output signal providing data for determining said one or more properties provided by said diagnostic device. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said material or device formed on said substrate comprises silicon. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein said silicon is n-type silicon. 4. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein said silicon is p-type silicon. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said material or device formed on said substrate is a photovoltaic device. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said material or device formed on said substrate is a multi-layer device. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said one or more properties provided by said diagnostic device include the open circuit voltage or short circuit current of said material or device formed on said substrate. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said one or more properties provided by said diagnostic device include the current-voltage relationship of said material or device farmed on said substrate. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said pulsed light source includes a continuous light source and an intensity modulator. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said pulsed light source includes a laser. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said pulsed light source includes a light emitting diode. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising one or more additional light sources. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein said pulsed light source and said one or more additional light sources provide light at two or more wavelengths. 14. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein at least one of said one or more additional light sources is a continuous light source. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said energy directed by said pulsed light source is absorbed by said material or device, said absorption providing said electric field. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said sensing circuit comprises a receiving element, said receiving element receiving as input said electric field, said receiving. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said receiving element is transparent. 18. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said receiving element comprises a transparent conducting oxide. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said transparent conducting oxide comprises indium or tin. 20. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said receiving element comprises a conductive grid. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein said conductive grid is supported by or within a non-conductive substrate. 22. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said one or more properties provided by said diagnostic device are provided substantially in real time. 23. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said non-contacting diagnostic device provides on-line monitoring of a semiconductor device or material in a continuous manufacturing process. 24. The apparatus of claim 23, wherein said on-line monitoring permits real-time adjustment of a process parameter of said continuous manufacturing process. 