The invention provides a setting for a precious stone comprising a support for a precious stone; contact means for establishing a contact between the support and a stone within the support; a detector for detecting a break in the contact; and an emitter for emitting a signal on detection of the break in the contact. The setting provides a means of alerting wearers of an item of jewellery that the precious stone is loose within its support.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A setting for a precious stone comprising a support for a precious stone; contact means for establishing a contact between said support and a stone within the support; a detector for detecting a break in said contact; whereby an emitter emits a signal on detection of said break in the contact between said support and stone within the support. 2. A setting according to claim 1, wherein the support comprises one or more prongs. 3. A setting according to either of claim 1 or 2, wherein the support comprises a precious metal selected from the group consisting of gold, silver and platinum. 4. A setting according to claim 1, wherein the contact means comprises electrical contact means for establishing an electrical contact between the support and the stone. 5. A setting according to claim 4, wherein the electrical contact means comprises an electrically conductive material. 6. A setting according to claim 5, wherein said electrically conductive material comprises a metal wire or plurality of metal wires. 7. A setting according to claim 6, wherein said metal is selected from the group consisting of gold, silver, platinum, iron and alloys thereof. 8. A setting according to any one of claims 4 through 7, wherein the detector is an electrical detector for detecting a break in an electrical circuit state existing between the precious stone, support and electrical contact means. 9. A setting according to claim 8, wherein the electrical detector comprises a switch. 10. A setting according to claim 9, wherein said switch comprises a semi-conductor device or a transistor. 11. A setting according to claim 1, wherein the contact means comprises physical contact means for establishing a physical contact between the support and the stone. 12. A setting according to claim 11, wherein the detector is a physical detector for detecting a break in a physical state existing between the precious stone, support and electrical contact means. 13. A setting according to claim 12, wherein the physical detector comprises a switch in communication with a sensor. 14. A setting according to claim 13, wherein said switch comprises a semi-conductor device or a transistor. 15. A setting according to either of claim 13 or 14, wherein said sensor is sensitive to stimuli in the form selected from the group consisting of pressure, light, electricity, resonance, sound and magnetism. 16. A setting according to claim 13, wherein the sensor forms part of a Micro-ElectroMechanical System (MEMs). 17. A setting according to claim 1, wherein the contact means comprises fluid pressure contact means for establishing a constant fluid pressure state between the support and the stone. 18. A setting according to claim 17, wherein said constant fluid pressure state is a constant vacuum state. 19. A setting according to claim 18, wherein the detector detects the flow of air which accompanies a disruption of the vacuum state. 20. A setting according to claim 19, wherein the detector comprises a zinc air battery. 21. A setting according to claim 1, wherein the contact means comprises optical contact means for establishing an optical contact between the support and the stone. 22. A setting according to claim 21, wherein the detector comprises an optical sensor including an optical transmitter-receiver pair. 23. A setting according to claim 22, wherein said optical transmitter-receiver pair is optically attached to the surface of the precious stone. 24. A setting according to claim 1, wherein the contact means comprises conductance means for establishing a conductance contact between the support and the stone. 25. A setting according to claim 1, wherein the contact means comprises capacitative means for establishing a capacitative contact between the support and the stone. 26. A setting according to claim 1, wherein the emitter is capable of emitting energy in the form selected from the group consisting of electro-magnetic radiation, sound, electrical, kinetic and thermal energy. 27. A setting according to claim 26, wherein the emitter comprises a light emitting diode. 28. A setting according to claim 1, additionally comprising a power source for powering the detector and/or the emitter. 29. A setting according to claim 28, wherein said power source is selected from the group consisting of battery, fuel cell and solar cell. 30. A setting according to claim 29, wherein said battery is a zinc air battery. 31. A setting according to claim 1, wherein the contact means, the emitter and/or the detector are embedded in a plastic matrix. 32. A setting according to claim 31, wherein said matrix is soluble in a medium selected from the group consisting of an organic solvent, dilute acid and alkali. 33. A setting according to claim 1, additionally comprising a precious stone within the support. 34. A setting according to claim 33, wherein the precious stone is selected from the group consisting of diamond, sapphire, pearl, ruby, amethyst, topaz, garnet, aquamarine, emerald, peridot, opal and turquoise. 35. An inlay for a setting for a precious stone comprising a basket, said basket comprising a plastic matrix and embedded therein contact means for establishing a contact between a support and a precious stone within the support whereby an emitter emits a signal on detection of a break in said contact between said support and stone within support; and a detector for detecting said break in the contact. 36. An item of jewellery comprising a setting according to claim 1; and a mounting for said setting. 37. An item of jewellery according to claim 36, wherein said mounting is selected from the group consisting of ring, necklace, bracelet, brooch, ear ring, tie pin, cuff link, necklace and pendant. 38. An item of jewellery according to either of claim 35 or 36, additionally comprising a power source, wherein said power source is located in a cavity within the item of jewellery. 39. A method of manufacturing an item of jewellery according to claim 36 comprising the steps of: a) affixing a setting wherein the contact means, the emitter and/or the detector are embedded in a plastic matrix or wherein said matrix is soluble in a medium selected from the group consisting of an organic solvent, dilute acid and alkali onto a mounting; and b) dissolving the plastic matrix with a solvent selected from the group consisting of organic solvent, dilute acid and dilute alkali. 40. A method of alerting wearers of an item of jewellery according to claim 36 that a precious stone is loose within the setting comprising emitting energy in the form selected from the group consisting of electro-magnetic radiation, sound, electrical, kinetic and thermal energy from the emitter. 41. An item of jewellery in kit of parts form comprising a setting according to claim 1 and a mounting for said setting. 