The present invention includes a power system that is designed to provide reliable electrical power to a facility, and specifically to a telecommunications facility. The system includes a number of proton exchange membranes (PEMs) adapted to provide DC power. The system is configured so that the PEMs receive fuel from a header that is supplied by a number of hydrogen generators. Storage tanks are also included to provide hydrogen to the header if the hydrogen generators fail. The hydrogen generators receive electricity initially from an array of photovoltaic panels. If the photovoltaic panels fail then AC power from a commercial utility is provided to the hydrogen generators. Finally, the system includes a number of super capacitors that are operable to maintain power during the time required to change between power sources.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A power supply system for providing reliable electrical power to a telecommunications facility, said facility containing telecommunications equipment, said system comprising: at least one hydrogen generator, said generator receiving AC electrical power and producing hydrogen; at least one proton exchange membrane, said proton exchange membrane receiving hydrogen at least in part from said hydrogen generator and producing DC electrical power at an output; and at least one capacitor coupled to said output of said at least one proton exchange membrane. 2. A system as set forth in claim 1 further comprising at least one photovoltaic cell coupled to an inverter wherein said at least one photovoltaic cell produces DC electrical power and said inverter converts said DC electrical power to AC electrical power which is supplied to said at least one hydrogen generator. 3. A system as set forth in claim 1 wherein said AC electrical power is supplied by a commercial utility. 4. A system as set forth in claim 2 further comprising a switch having a first input coupled to said inverter, a second input coupled to a commercial utility, and an output coupled to said hydrogen generator. 5. A system as set forth in claim 4 wherein the position of said switch is determined by the output level of said at least one photovoltaic cell. 6. A system as set forth in claim 1 further comprising a number of hydrogen storage tanks coupled to both the output of said at least one hydrogen generators and the input of said proton exchange membranes. 7. A system as set forth in claim 1 wherein the output of said at least one proton exchange membrane and a power distribution unit are coupled to a DC bus, said power distribution unit operable to provide power to said telecommunications facility. 8. A system as set forth in claim 1 further comprising a rectifier having an input coupled to commercial electrical power, said rectifier operable to produce DC electrical power on an output, and a switch having an input coupled to said output of said rectifier and an output coupled to said telecommunications facility. 9. A system as set forth in claim 8 wherein the position of said switch is determined by the pressure of said hydrogen provided to said at least one proton exchange membrane. 10. A device for use in a power supply system for providing reliable electrical power to a telecommunications facility, said facility containing telecommunications equipment, said device comprising: a hydrogen generator operable to receive AC electrical power and produce hydrogen; and a proton exchange membrane operable to convert hydrogen received at least in part from said hydrogen generator into DC electrical power. 