A solar power plant having a plurality of receiver panels mounted in a circular fashion about a solar receiver. Each receiver panel includes a plurality of tubes that terminate at each end at a header. To eliminate the presence of gaps between the tubes of adjacent receiver panels the headers are staggered or beveled. In the staggered configuration the headers of adjacent receiver panels are located in different elevations so that the headers of adjacent receiver panels may overlap each other, thus allowing the headers and tubes of adjacent receiver panels to be positioned closer together to eliminate gaps between the tubes of adjacent panels. In the beveled configuration the headers are angled such that the terminal ends of adjacent headers are parallel and positioned in a closely abutting relationship, resulting in the absence of gaps between adjacent headers and tubes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar power system comprising: a first receiver panel comprised of at least one tube for capturing solar energy; a second receiver panel comprised of at least one tube for capturing solar energy, said second receiver panel disposed in close proximity to said first receiver panel to form a space between said first receiver panel and said second receiver panel; a third receiver panel comprised of at least one tube for capturing solar energy disposed between said first receiver panel and said second receiver panel to effectively occupy said space; each of said tubes extending across each of said receiver panels to form a substantially continuous tube surface across said first receiver panel, said second receiver panel, and said third receiver panel; a first header secured to a first end of said at least one tube of each of said first, second, and third receiver panels for introducing a fluid that absorbs solar energy into said tubes; and a second header secured to a second end of said at least one tube of each of said first, second, and third receiver panels for collecting said fluid after said fluid passes through said tube; wherein said headers of said first receiver panel are disposed in a first plane, said headers of said third receiver panel are disposed in a second plane laterally offset from said first plane, and said headers of said second receiver panel are disposed in said first plane such that said headers of said first receiver panel and said second receiver panel at least partially overlap said headers of said third receiver panel. 2. The solar power system of claim 1, wherein said headers are beveled. 3. The solar power system of claim 1, wherein said fluid comprises molten salt. 4. The solar power system of claim 1, wherein said fluid comprises molten salt. 5. The solar power system of claim 1, wherein said first, said second, and said third receiver panels are mounted to a tower mounted solar receiver. 6. The solar power system of claim 1, wherein said energy is directed to said first, said second, and said third receiver panels by at least one heliostat. 7. The solar power system of claim 2, wherein said first beveled header and said second beveled header are each positioned on an interior side of each of said first, said second, and said third receiver panels. 8. The solar power system of claim 1, wherein said first header and said second header are each positioned on an interior side of each of said first, said second, and said third receiver panels. 9. A solar power system providing a substantially uninterrupted solar absorption surface and being operable to receive solar energy from a solar energy source, said solar power system comprising: a heliostat field comprised of at least one heliostat for reflecting said solar energy; a solar receiver comprised of: a first receiver panel for receiving said reflected solar energy, and being disposed in a first plane; a second receiver panel for receiving said reflected solar energy and being disposed laterally adjacent said first receiver panel in said first plane and at a common radius with said first receiver from an axial center of said solar receiver to form a space between said first receiver panel and said second receiver panel; a third receiver panel for receiving said solar energy disposed laterally between said first receiver panel and said second receiver panel in a second plane laterally offset from said first plane and disposed at said common radius with said first and second receiver panels from said axial center of said solar receiver to effectively occupy said space; and a substantially continuous receiver panel surface for receiving said reflected solar energy comprised of said first receiver panel, said second receiver panel, and said third receiver panel. 10. The solar power system of claim 9, wherein said first receiver panel, said second receiver panel, and said third receiver panel each comprise: at least one tube for receiving a fluid for absorbing said solar energy, said tube extending the length of said receiver panels in a single vertical plane; a first header secured to a first end of said at least one tube for introducing said fluid into said tube; and a second header secured to a second end of said at least one tube for collecting said fluid after said fluid passes through said tube; wherein said headers of said first receiver panel are disposed in a first header plane, said headers of said second receiver panel are disposed in said first header plane, and said headers of said third receiver panel are disposed in a second header plane such that said headers of said first receiver panel and said second receiver panel overlap said headers of said third receiver panel to form a substantially uninterrupted surface of said tubes across said first receiver panel, said second receiver panel, and said third receiver panel. 11. The solar power system of claim 10, wherein said fluid comprises molten salt. 12. The solar power system of claim 9, wherein said solar receiver is mounted above said heliostat field atop a tower. 13. The solar power system of claim 10, wherein said first header and said second header are each positioned on an interior side of each of said first, said second, and said third receiver panels. 14. A solar power system providing a substantially uninterrupted solar absorption surface and responsive to solar energy from a solar energy source, said solar power system comprising: a heliostat field comprised of at least one heliostat for directing said solar energy; a solar receiver comprised of: a first receiver panel for receiving said solar energy; a second receiver panel for receiving said solar energy disposed laterally adjacent said first receiver panel to form a space between said first receiver panel and said second receiver panel; and a third receiver panel, disposed laterally in-between said first and said second receiver panels for receiving said solar energy and for effectively occupying said space; a substantially continuous receiver panel surface for receiving said solar energy comprised of said first receiver panel, said second receiver panel, and said third receiver panels; wherein said first receiver panel, said second receiver panel, and said third receiver panel each comprise: at least one tube for receiving a fluid for absorbing said solar energy, said at least one tube extending the length of said receiver panels in a single vertical plane; a first beveled header secured to a first end of said at least one tube for introducing said fluid into said tube; a second beveled header secured to a second end of said at least one tube for collecting said fluid after said fluid passes through said tube; and wherein said tubes form a substantially uninterrupted surface of said tubes across said first receiver panel, said second receiver panel, and said third receiver panel; and wherein said beveled headers of said first, said second, and said third receiver panels are placed at a single elevation in a common horizontal plane. 15. The solar power system of claim 14, wherein said fluid comprises molten salt. 16. The solar power system of claim 14, wherein said solar receiver is mounted above said heliostat field atop a tower. 17. The solar power system of claim 14, wherein said heliostat comprises a sun tracking mirror. 18. The solar power system of claim 14, wherein said first beveled header, said second beveled header, and said third beveled header are positioned on an interior side of said first, said second, and said third receiver panels. 19. A method for collecting solar energy, comprising: mounting a first receiver panel to a solar receiver to receive solar energy; mounting a second receiver panel to said solar receiver to receive solar energy, said second receiver panel being positioned adjacent said first receiver panel about a common radius with said first receiver panel around an axial center of said solar receiver such that a space is formed therebetween; and mounting a third receiver panel to said solar receiver to receive solar energy positioned between said first and said second receiver panels about said common radius with said first and second receiver panels around said axial center of said solar receiver, but offset elevationally from said first and second receiver panels, to substantially occupy said space and form a substantially continuous receiver panel surface for receiving solar energy comprised of said first receiver panel, said second receiver panel, and said third receiver panel. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising: providing a header at at least one end of each of said receiver panels, and disposing said third receiver panel such that said header thereof is elevationally offset from said headers of said first and second receiver panels and thus overlaps said headers of said first and second receiver panels. 21. The method of claim 20, further comprising: positioning said header on an interior side of each of said receiver panels. 22. The method of claim 20, further comprising: positioning at least one tube between two of said headers for receiving a fluid that absorbs said solar energy, said tubes extending between said headers in a single vertical plane and forming a substantially uninterrupted surface of said tubes across said first receiver panel, said second receiver panel, and said third receiver panel. 23. A method of forming a solar receiver, comprising: using a first receiver panel having at least one header with beveled end portions to receive solar energy; using a second receiver panel having at least one header with beveled end portions to receive solar energy, said second receiver panel being positioned adjacent said first receiver panel; and using a third receiver panel having at least one header with beveled end portions to receive solar energy, said third receiver panel being disposed between said first and said second receiver panels to form a substantially continuous receiver panel surface for receiving solar energy comprised of said first receiver panel, said second receiver panel, and said third receiver panel. 24. The method of claim 23, further comprising: positioning said headers on an interior side of each of said first receiver panel, said second receiver panel, and said third receiver panel. 25. The method of claim 23, further comprising: positioning at least one tube between two of said headers for receiving a fluid that absorbs said solar energy, said tubes extending between said headers in a single vertical plane and forming a substantially uninterrupted surface of said tubes across said first receiver panel, said second receiver panel, and said third receiver panel. 