A human machine interface (10) for use in situations requiring authorized access. The human machine interface (10) includes a validator controller (12) and a data transmitter (14). The validator controller (12) includes a validator status actuator (16) in communication with a validator receiver (18) via a validator logic circuit (20). The validator status actuator (16) is configured to process and perform actions based upon data signals (22) received by the validator receiver (18). The data transmitter (14), which is in contact with a human nail (24), transmits the data signal (22) to the validator controller (12).
Claims I claim: 1. A human machine interface, comprising: (a) a data transmitter in fixed contact with a human nail for transmitting at least one data signal based upon physical properties of at least one of said human nail and surrounding areas adjacent said human nail; (b) an adhesive layer between said data transmitter and said human nail, said adhesive layer one of permanently and temporarily securing said data transmitter to said human nail; and (c) a validator controller connected to receive said at least one data signal, process information related to said at least one data signal and perform at least one action based upon processed information. 2. The human machine interface of claim 1, further including: a direct physical connection element between said validator controller and said data transmitter; wherein said at least one data signal is transmitted via said direct physical connection element. 3. The human machine interface of claim 2, wherein said data transmitter includes: at least one capacitance plate secured to said human nail for communicating with said validator controller via said direct physical connection element; and a circuit return conductor. 4. The human machine interface of claim 1, further including a data transmitter power source powering said data transmitter. 5. The human machine interface of claim 1, further including a validator controller power source powering said validator controller. 6. The human machine interface of claim 1, wherein said validator controller further includes a validator emitter for emitting at least one signal towards said data transmitter. 7. The human machine interface of claim 6, wherein said data transmitter further includes at least one capacitance plate secured to said human nail. 8. The human machine interface of claim 7, wherein said data transmitter further includes an inductor in communication with said at least one capacitance plate for emitting said at least one data signal towards said validator controller. 9. The human machine interface of claim 1, further including a recording device for logging specific events occurring within said human machine interface and associated devices. 10. The human machine interface of claim 1, further including: a protective layer covering and protecting said data transmitter; wherein said protective layer does not interfere with communication of data signals between said data transmitter and said validator controller. 11. The human machine interface of claim 1, further including: a protective layer covering and protecting said validator controller; wherein said protective layer does not interfere with communication of data signals between said data transmitter and said validator controller. 12. The human machine interface of claim 1, wherein said validator controller communicates with a controllable device logic circuit in a controllable device, said controllable device logic circuit in communication with said controllable device for controlling said controllable device. 13. The human machine interface of claim 1, further including a timer device in communication with one of said validator controller and said data transmitter to associate a time with an event. 14. The human machine interface of claim 1, wherein said at least one data signal is encrypted prior to communication from said data transmitter to said validator controller. 15. The human machine interface of claim 1, further including a positioning system integrated with said human machine interface for providing human machine interface location information to an external recipient. 16. The human machine interface of claim 15, wherein said positioning system integrated with said human machine interface for providing said human machine interface location information to said external recipient is a Global Positioning System. 17. The human machine interface of claim 1, wherein said at least one data signal transmitted is representative of a change in colorization of flesh under said human nail for verifying that an individual's finger having said data transmitter affixed to said human nail is pressing on a predetermined surface to indicate at least one of said individual wants to perform at least one of an action and transaction and to determine that said individual is alive. 18. The human machine interface of claim 1, wherein said human machine interface further includes a power source for powering a timer device which periodically reads at least one of a pulse and approximate blood oxygen content via at least one of said human nail and said surrounding areas adjacent said human nail to verify at least one of connection of said human nail to a predetermined individual, said predetermined individual is still alive and whether said predetermined individual's pulse indicates that one of said predetermined individual is under duress and under a drugged state. 19. A human machine interface, comprising: (a) a data transmitter in fixed contact with a human nail, said data transmitter including a nail solar cell for powering said data transmitter and in communication with a nail digital chip, said nail digital chip for transmitting at least one data signal based upon physical properties of at least one of said human nail and surrounding areas adjacent said human nail; and (b) a validator controller connected to interface with said data transmitter, said validator controller including a validator receiver for receiving said at least one data signal transmitted from said data transmitter, a validator logic circuit for processing information related to said at least one data signal received by said validator receiver, a validator status actuator for performing at least one action based upon information processed by said validator logic circuit and a validator emitter for emitting at least one signal towards said data transmitter. 20. The human machine interface of claim 19, further including: a direct physical connection element between said validator receiver and said data transmitter; wherein said at least one data signal is transmitted via said direct physical connection element. 21. The human machine interface of claim 20, wherein said data transmitter further includes a nail analog chip in communication with said nail digital chip. 22. The human machine interface of claim 21, wherein said data transmitter further includes: at least one capacitance plate secured to said human nail for communicating with said nail analog chip; and a circuit return conductor. 23. The human machine interface of claim 19, wherein said data transmitter further includes a nail signal emitter for emitting said at least one data signal towards said validator receiver. 24. The human machine interface of claim 23, wherein said data transmitter further includes a nail analog chip in communication with said nail digital chip. 25. The human machine interface of claim 24, wherein said data transmitter further includes at least one capacitance plate secured to said human nail for communicating with said nail analog chip. 26. A human machine interface, comprising: (a) a data transmitter in fixed contact with a human nail for transmitting at least one data signal based upon at least one of relative position, state, motion and acceleration of at least one of said human nail and surrounding areas adjacent said human nail, with respect to an external point; (b) an adhesive layer between said data transmitter and said human nail, said adhesive layer one of permanently and temporarily securing said data transmitter to said human nail; and (c) a validator controller connected to interface with said data transmitter, said validator controller including: (i) a validator receiver for receiving said at least one data signal transmitted from said data transmitter, (ii) a validator logic circuit for processing information related to said at least one data signal received by said validator receiver, and (iii) a validator status actuator for performing at least one action based upon information processed by said validator logic circuit. 27. The human machine interface of claim 26, wherein said validator controller further includes a validator emitter for emitting at least one signal towards said data transmitter. 28. The human machine interface of claim 27, further including: a directional reflector for reflecting said at least one signal from said validator emitter only when received at a predetermined angle; and an electronic shutter adjacent said directional reflector for modulating said at least one data signal from said validator emitter; wherein said at least one data signal from said validator emitter is received through said electronic shutter and by said directional reflector, and said at least one data signal from said validator emitter is reflected and modulated by said directional reflector, towards said validator controller. 29. The human machine interface of claim 26, wherein said data transmitter further includes a nail digital chip containing at least one computer program. 30. The human machine interface of claim 26, wherein said at least one data signal communicated from said data transmitter to said validator controller is a correlation between a first spatial point associated with said data transmitter and a second spatial point. 31. The human machine interface of claim 30, wherein said first spatial point is adjacent a user's nail and said second spatial point is on a screened monitor. 32. The human machine interface of claim 26, wherein said human machine interface further includes a means for illuminating at least one of said human nail and said areas adjacent said human nail, one of said data transmitter and said validator receiver for detecting colorization of flesh under said human nail being illuminated and verifying that an individual having said data transmitter affixed to said human nail is alive. 33. A method of creating a human machine interface for at least one of enabling and disabling an event and identifying which human nail is used to perform a task, comprising the steps of: (a) affixing a data transmitter to at least one human nail with an adhesive layer between said data transmitter and said human nail, said adhesive layer one of permanently and temporarily securing said data transmitter to said human nail, said data transmitter for transmitting at least one data signal based upon physical properties of at least one of said at least one human nail and surrounding areas adjacent said at least one human nail; (b) interfacing a validator controller with said data transmitter; (c) receiving said at least one data signal transmitted from said data transmitter to said validator controller; (d) processing information related to said at least one data signal received in said validator controller; and (e) performing at least one action based upon information processed by said validator controller. 34. A human machine interface, comprising: (a) a data transmitter in fixed contact with a human nail, said data transmitter including a sensor in communication with a nail analog chip, said nail analog chip in communication with a nail digital chip, said nail digital chip for transmitting at least one data signal based upon at least one of relative position, state, motion and acceleration of at least one of said human nail and surrounding areas adjacent said human nail, with respect to an external point; and (b) a validator controller connected to interface with said data transmitter, said validator controller including a validator receiver for receiving said at least one data signal transmitted from said data transmitter, a validator logic circuit for processing information related to said at least one data signal received by said validator receiver, and a validator status actuator for performing at least one action based upon information processed by said validator logic circuit. 35. A human machine interface, comprising: (a) a data transmitter in fixed contact with a human nail for transmitting at least one data signal based upon at least one of relative position, state, motion and acceleration of at least one of said human nail and surrounding areas adjacent said human nail, with respect to an external point; (b) an adhesive layer between said data transmitter and said human nail, said adhesive layer one of permanently and temporarily securing said data transmitter to said human nail; and (c) a validator controller connected to receive said at least one data signal, process information related to said at least one data signal and perform at least one action based upon processed information. 36. The human machine interface of claim 35, wherein said at least one data signal transmitted is representative of a change in colorization of flesh under said human nail for verifying that an individual's finger having said data transmitter affixed to said human nail is pressing on a predetermined surface to indicate at least one of said individual wants to perform at least one of an action and transaction and to determine that said individual is alive. 37. The human machine interface of claim 35, wherein said human machine interface further includes a power source for powering a timer device which periodically reads at least one of a pulse and approximate blood oxygen content via at least one of said human nail and said surrounding areas adjacent said human nail to verify at least one of connection of said human nail to a predetermined individual, said predetermined individual is still alive and whether said predetermined individual's pulse indicates that one of said predetermined individual is under duress and under a drugged state. 38. A security apparatus, comprising: (a) a data transmitter in fixed contact with a human nail for transmitting at least one data signal based upon physical properties of at least one of said human nail and surrounding areas adjacent said human nail; (b) an adhesive layer between said data transmitter and said human nail, said adhesive layer one of permanently and temporarily securing said data transmitter to said human nail; and (c) a validator controller interfaced with said data transmitter, said validator controller including: (i) a validator receiver for receiving said at least one data signal transmitted from said data transmitter, (ii) a validator logic circuit for processing information related to said at least one data signal received by said validator receiver, and (iii) a validator status actuator for performing at least one action based upon information processed by said validator logic circuit. 