An adjustable alarm device for windows and doors is installed between the door or window frame and the door or window sash. The longitudinal axis of the alarm device is preferably horizontal. When engaged, movement of the door or window in an open direction will activate the alarm. The body of the alarm device is elongate, tubular and telescoping. The body comprises an outer tube that receives an inner tube. The body of the alarm device may be locked in an extended position by way of a cam mounted on the inner tube and positioned within the body so that when the inner and outer tubes of the body are twisted about their longitudinal axis, the cam body will engage the inner surface of the outer tube in a releasable frictional locking engagement. The alarm device is coupled to one end of the inner tube.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An adjustable alarm device for windows and doors having an elongate tubular telescoping body comprising: a. an elongate outer first tube having a first end and a second end; b. an elongate inner second tube having a first end and a second end, said elongate inner second tube slidingly received within said elongate outer first tube, said second end of the elongate inner second tube extending from said first end of the elongate outer first tube; c. means for releasably locking the elongate inner second tube positionally with respect to the elongate outer first tube; d. an elongate outer third tube having a first end and a second end, said elongate outer third tube coupled to the second end of the elongate inner second tube by coupling means; e. an elongate inner fourth tube having an outer surface, said elongate inner fourth tube slidingly disposed within the elongate outer third tube, the elongate inner fourth tube extending from said second end of the elongate outer third tube; f. an alarm circuit disposed within the elongate inner fourth tube; and, g. alarm actuation means disposed within said coupling means. 2. The alarm device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the elongate outer first tube includes an inner surface, an outer surface, an inner diameter, an outer diameter, a longitudinal axis, a first end and a second end. 3. The alarm device as claimed in claim 2, wherein the elongate outer first tube further includes two apertures in said second end, said two apertures positioned opposite to each other. 4. The alarm device as claimed in claim 3 wherein the elongate inner second tube further includes an inner surface, an outer surface, an inner diameter, an outer diameter, a longitudinal axis, a first pair of apertures disposed in said first end, wherein each aperture in said first pair of apertures positioned opposite to the other, and a second pair of apertures disposed in said second end, wherein each aperture in said second pair of apertures is positioned opposite to the other. 5. The alarm device as claimed in claim 4, further comprising a first end plug fixed to the first end of the elongate outer first tube, wherein said first end plug is apertured to permit air flow therethrough. 6. The alarm device as claimed in claim 5, further comprising a first collar slideably mounted within the second end of the elongate outer first tube, said first collar comprising: a. a flange member having a top surface and a bottom surface, said top surface adapted for engagement with the outer edge of the second end of the elongate outer first tube, said bottom surface adapted for engagement with the first end of the elongate third outer tube; and, b. a neck member having an inner surface and an outer surface, said neck member depending upwards from said flange, the neck member slideably mounted within the second end of the elongate outer first tube, the neck member having an inner diameter and an outer diameter, said outer diameter dimensioned so that the outer surface of the neck member is in sliding frictional contact with the inner surface of the elongate outer first tube, said inner diameter dimensioned so that the inner surface of the neck member is in frictional sliding contact with the outer surface of the elongate inner second tube. 7. The alarm device as claimed in claim 6, wherein the first collar further comprises means for fixing the first collar to the second end of the elongate outer first tube, said means comprising: a. two depressible lugs positioned within the neck member, wherein each of said two depressible lugs are positioned radially opposite the other, and further wherein each of the two depressible lugs have outward projecting pins integral thereto, said pins adapted for insertion into the two apertures in the second end of the elongate outer first tube, so that when the first collar is inserted into the second end of the elongated outer first tube the pins engage the apertures thereby fixing the first collar to the outer tube; and, b. adhesive material applied between the outer surface of the first collar and the adjacent inner surface of the elongate outer first tube. 8. The alarm device as claimed in claim 7, further comprising a circular end cap fixed to the first end of the elongate second inner tube, said circular end cap comprising: a. a base portion having a smooth flat outer surface and an inner surface; b. a skirt portion; and, c. means for fixing the circular end cap to the first end of the elongate second inner tube, wherein the first end of the elongate second inner tube is slideably received into said skirt portion of the cap to abut against said end cap inner surface. 9. The alarm device as claimed in claim 8, wherein the circular end cap further comprises a camshaft mounted to the outer surface of the end cap base portion, said camshaft including: a. a journal member having a longitudinal axis parallel to the longitudinal axis of the elongate second inner tube, a first end and a second end, said longitudinal axis of said journal member disposed off-centre from the longitudinal axis of the elongate second inner tube, said first end fixed to the outer surface of the end cap base portion, said second end free; and, b. two tabs radially mounted to the free second end of the journal member, each of said two taps mounted opposite to the other, each of the two tabs projecting away from the axis of the journal, each the two tabs having a lower bearing surface and an upper surface. 10. The alarm device as claimed in claim 9 wherein said means for fixing the circular end cap to the first end of the elongate second inner tube comprises: a. a first pair of apertures disposed opposite to each other in the skirt of the circular end cap; b. a second pair of apertures disposed opposite each other in the first end of the elongate second inner tube wherein when the second end of the elongate second inner tube is inserted into the skirt of the circular end cap, said second pair of apertures corresponds positionally to the first pair of apertures; c. a pin member adapted to penetrate the first pair of apertures and the corresponding at second pair of apertures thereby pinning the circular cap to the first end of the elongate inner second tube, and, d. an adhesive material placed between the inner surface of the skirt portion of the circular end cap and the adjacent outer surface of the first end of the elongate inner second tube. 11. The alarm device as claimed in claim 10, wherein said means for releasably locking the elongate inner second tube positionally with respect to the elongate outer first tube comprises a circular cam body mounted onto the journal member, said cam body comprising: a. a flat circular base member, said base member having smooth flat lower surface and an upper surface, said smooth flat lower surface adapted for sliding rotational engagement with the smooth flat outer surface of the circular end cap; b. a skirt depending upwards from the outer circumference of the base member, said skirt having an outer diameter equal to the outer diameter of the circular end cap, the skirt having a smooth outer surface, said smooth outer surface adapted for entering into a releasably locking frictional engagement with the inner surface of the elongate outer first tube; c. a contact finger positioned within the skirt, said contact finger depending downwards from the smooth flat upper surface of the circular cam body, the contact finger having a fixed end attached to the base member of the circular cam body and a free end, said free end terminating at the end of the skirt, the free end having a protuberance projecting laterally outwards there from therefrom and urged laterally outward into contact with the inner surface of the elongated outer first tube for frictional sliding contact therewith; d. a socket penetrating the flat circular base member of the cam body, said socket having a circumferential profile identical to the circumferential profile of the journal member and the two tabs radially mounted thereto; e. two partitioning members raised vertically from said upper surface of the flat circular base member of the cam body, said two partitioning members each having an upper edge and each transversing the upper surface of the flat circular base member, wherein each of the two partitioning members is positioned face to face across the socket and further wherein the profile of each of the two partitioning members follows the profile of the socket, so that when the socket of the cam body is received by the journal member and the two tabs mounted radially thereto, and rotated thereon, the smooth flat lower surface of the flat circular base member of the cam body is in rotational sliding contact with the smooth flat outer surface of the circular end cap, and the lower bearing surfaces of the two radially mounted tabs are in sliding contact with said upper edges of the two partitioning members. 12. The alarm device as claimed in claim 11, wherein the cam body has a first unlocked position with respect to the inner surface of the elongate outer first tube and a second locked position with respect to the inner surface of the elongate outer first tube, where: a. in said first unlocked position, the cam body skirt is disengaged from the inner surface of the elongate outer first tube and the laterally projected protuberance is in frictional contact with the inner surface of the elongate outer first tube thereby permitting controlled sliding movement between the elongate outer first tube and the elongate inner second tube; and where, b. in said second releasably locked position, the cam body skirt is in tight frictional engagement with the inner surface of the elongate outer first tube thereby prohibiting any relative movement between the elongate outer first tube and the elongate inner second tube; and wherein, c. the cam body is moved from an unlocked position to a releasably locked position by twisting the elongate outer first tube and the elongate inner second tube in opposite directions thereby causing the cam body to rotate on the journal which in turn causes the cam body skirt to frictionally engage the inner surface of the elongated first outer tube; and wherein, d. the cam body is moved from a releasably locked position to an unlocked position by twisting the elongate outer first tube and the elongate inner second tube in directions opposite to the directions taken to lock the cam body. 13. The alarm device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the elongate outer third tube has an inner surface, an outer surface, an inner diameter, an outer diameter, a longitudinal axis, a first end and a second end, and wherein said elongate outer third tube has an inner diameter equal to the inner diameter of the elongate outer first tube and an outer diameter equal to the outer diameter of the elongate outer first tube, and further wherein, said first end of the elongate outer third tube includes two apertures each of which is positioned opposite the other. 14. The alarm device as claimed in claim 13, wherein the elongate outer third tube further includes a plurality of ribs spaced radially about the second end of the elongate outer third tube, said ribs extending longitudinally from the second end towards the first end, the ribs having an elevation from the inner surface of the elongate outer third tube sufficient to frictionally engage the outer surface of the elongate inner fourth tube thereby facilitating controlled movement of the elongate inner fourth tube relative to the elongate outer third tube. 15. The alarm device as claimed in claim 14, wherein the first end of the elongated outer third tube is coupled by coupling means to the second end of the elongate inner second tube, said coupling means comprising a second collar, said second collar comprising: a. a flange member having a top surface and a bottom surface, said top surface adapted for engagement with the outer edge of the first end of the elongate outer third tube, said bottom surface adapted for abutting engagement with the top surface of the first collar; b. a neck member having an inner surface and an outer surface, said neck member depending upwards from said flange member, the neck member slideably mounted within the first end of the elongate outer third tube, the neck member having an inner diameter and an outer diameter, said outer diameter dimensioned so that the outer surface of the neck member is in sliding frictional contact with the inner surface of the elongate outer third tube; c. two pins depending radially from the neck member, each of said two pins disposed opposite the other, each of said pins adapted for insertion into said two apertures in the first end of the elongate outer third tube, so that when the third tube is inserted over the neck of the collar the two pins will engage the two apertures thereby fixing the collar to the outer tube; and, d. adhesive material applied between the outer surface of the neck member and the inner surface of the first end of the elongate outer third tube. 16. The alarm device as claimed in claim 15, wherein the second collar further comprises biasing means for biasing the alarm device against a window and alarm actuation means. 17. The alarm device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said elongate inner fourth tube has an outer diameter and is adapted to contain said alarm circuit. 18. The alarm device as claimed in claim 17, wherein the elongate inner fourth tube further comprises a first end and a second end, said first end having a collar integral thereto, said collar having an outer diameter greater than the outer diameter of the elongate inner fourth tube and less than the inner diameter of the elongate outer third tube, said collar having two biased lugs therein, said lugs each having an embossment thereon, said embossment urged radially outwardly to engage in frictional contact with the inner surface of the elongate outer third tube, thereby permitting controlled axial telescoping movement of the elongate inner fourth tube relative to the elongate outer third tube. 19. The alarm device as claimed in claim 18, wherein the first end of the elongate inner fourth tube is partially enclosed by a ring having a bearing surface adapted to bear against the biasing means for biasing the alarm against a door or window, said ring having a central hole permitting said alarm actuating device to engage the alarm circuit. 20. The alarm device as claimed in claim 19, wherein the second end of the elongate inner fourth tube is enclosed by a disc, said disc having an aperture in its centre, and wherein the second end of the elongate inner fourth tube further includes a ring fixed thereto and depending upwards from the second end said ring having an upper surface, the ring and said disc together forming a hollow. 21. The alarm device as claimed in claim 20, wherein the elongate inner fourth tube comprises a first half body and a second half body joined together. 22. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said alarm circuit comprises a battery, a normally open switch between the battery and a board mounted control circuit, all mounted within the elongate inner fourth tube, and wherein said control circuit includes a transformer and a timer. 23. The device as claimed in claim 22, wherein the alarm circuit further comprises a sound producing audio transducer operationally connected to the control circuit, said audio transducer mounted on the upper surface of the ring and over said hollow thereby forming a sound resonating chamber beneath the audio transducer. 24. The device as claimed in claim 23, wherein the alarm circuit further comprises a sound amplification body mounted over the audio transducer, said sound amplification body comprising a cylindrical ring having a top edge and a bottom edge, the sound amplification body further including a flange depending downwards from said bottom edge, said flange adapted to fit over and enclose the ring at the second end of the elongate inner fourth tube. 25. The device as claimed in claim 24, wherein said amplification body further includes a plano-concave disc disposed within said cylindrical ring, said disc having an aperture in its centre, the plane side of the disc positioned above and in operative relation to the audio-transducer so that operation of the audio-transducer causes sympathetic vibration of the piano-concave disc thereby amplifying sound produced from the audio-transducer. 26. The device as claimed in claim 25, further comprising an end cap mounted over the amplification body, said end cap fixed to the second end of the elongate inner fourth tube, the end cap having an outer diameter equal to the outer diameter of the elongate outer third tube, the end cap having a plurality of openings permitting sound to be transmitted. 27. The device as claimed in claim 26 further comprising photovoltaic cells for charging the battery using solar energy. 28. The device as claimed in claim 27, further comprising a sound receiver for detecting the sound of breaking glass and thereupon actuating the audio transducer. 29. The device as claimed in claim 28, further comprising anti-tampering means for detecting vibrations induced into the device and thereupon actuating the audio transducer. 30. The device as claimed in claim 29, further comprising a heat detector for the detection of movement of heat-generating objects proximate to the device and thereupon actuating the audio transducer. 31. The device as claimed in claim 30, further comprising means for remote monitoring of the device said means including means for notifying authorities upon actuation of the audio transducer. 