A rack includes a stationary container, that includes a movable member positioned within the container by remote operation of a motor. The motor is either carried as part of the movable member or is in the container with fittings inter-connecting a drive shaft of the fixed motor with the movable member. A remote actuator is employed for starting and stopping the motor so that the movable member is controllably deployed into and out of the container. Bearings are installed between the container and the movable member to provide movement of the movable member and pivoting rods are provided on the movable member for supporting articles intended to be stored, such rods being hooks, shelves, or internal compartments or the like. A heater may be installed for drying any wet or damp articles. A device for coupling the motor to the movable member may be a lead screw mechanism and a pulley system interconnecting the movable member with the stationary or fixed container.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A remote operated accessory rack comprising: a stationary housing; a movable member slidably carried on said stationary housing; said movable member having opposite ends with a selected end having an outwardly deployable article supporting means; motor means operably connected between said stationary housing and said movable member for advancing and retracting said movable member out of and into said stationary housing; said deployable article supporting means are pivotal arms adapted to pivot into a storage position upon engagement with said stationary housing in response to retraction of said movable member; a power source mounted in said stationary housing; a solar cell array carried on said selected end of said movable member adjacent to said pivotal arms; and an extendable wiring circuit coupled between said power source and said solar cell array. 2. The rack defined in claim 1 including: a resistance heater carried on said movable member; and vents provided in said movable member adjacent to said pivotal arms for conducting heat waves from said heater externally of said movable member. 3. The rack defined in claim 2 including: a lead screw disposed between said stationary housing and said movable member; and said motor means operably connected to said lead screw for advancing and retracting said movable member out of and into said stationary housing. 4. The rack defined in claim 3 wherein: said motor means is mounted in said stationary housing. 5. The rack defined in claim 2 including: a cable coupled between said power source and said heater; a resilient tension means attached to said cable responsive to movement of said movable member to extend and shorten the length of said cable as said movable member advances and retracts respective of said stationary member. 6. The rack defined in claim 5 wherein: said power source is a battery fixedly mounted in said stationary housing. 7. The rack defined in claim 1 wherein: said motor means is fixedly carried on said movable member. 8. A remote operated accessory rack comprising: an elongated stationary housing; a movable member slidably carried on said stationary housing for rectilinear movement along the length of said stationary housing; said movable member having opposite ends with a selected end having outwardly deployable article supporting means; motor means operably connected between said stationary housing and said movable member for advancing and retracting said movable member out of and into said stationary housing; said deployable article supporting means are pivotal arms adapted to pivot into a storage position upon engagement with said stationary housing in response to retraction of said movable member and deployable outwardly from said movable member by gravitational force; a power source mounted in said stationary housing connectable with said motor means; a solar cell array carried on said selected end of said movable member adjacent to said pivotal arms; an extendable wiring circuit coupled between said power source and said solar cell array and in parallel with said motor means; a lead screw fixedly carried within said stationary housing; and said motor means carried on said movable member and in operable coupling with said lead screw for driving said movable member. 9. The rack defined in claim 8 including: said motor means carried on said stationary housing operably coupled to said lead screw for turning said lead screw; and bearing means mounted on said movable member connected to said lead screw for driving said movable member between an advanced position out of said stationary housing and a retracted position within said stationary member. 10. The rack defined in claim 8 including: a sealing arrangement mounted on said stationary housing slidably mounting said movable member. 11. The rack defined in claim 10 wherein: said wiring circuit includes a reversing switch operable in response to said movable member for reverse directional movement. 12. The rack defined in claim 10 including: a guide mounted on said movable member having a central passageway for insertably receiving and guiding said lead screw therethrough. 13. A remote operated accessory rack comprising: a stationary enclosure; a retractable member slidably carried on said stationary enclosure; said retractable member having opposite ends with a selected end having an outwardly deployable article supporting means; motor means operably connected between said stationary enclosure and said retractable member for advancing and retracting said retractable member out of and into said stationary enclosure; and said deployable article supporting means are pivotal arms adapted to pivot into an enclosure position within said stationary enclosure upon engagement with said stationary enclosure in response to retraction of said retractable member. 14. The rack defined in claim 13 including: a power source mounted in said stationary housing; a solar cell array carried on said selected end of said retractable member adjacent to said pivotal arms; and an extendable wiring circuit coupled between said power source and said solar cell. 