Embodiments of the present invention relate to a wireless appliance for monitoring a vehicle. In an embodiment, the appliance includes: (1) a microprocessor; (2) a vehicle-communication circuit; (3) a GPS module; and (4) a wireless transmitter. The wireless transmitter receives and transmits location-based data generated by the GPS module and diagnostic data collected by the vehicle-communication circuit. The vehicle-communication circuit is integrated into a single ASIC that includes modules for managing different vehicle-communication protocols, such as, for example, J1850 PWM, J1850 VPWM, ISO 9141-2, CAN, Keyword 2000, and J170S.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A wireless appliance for monitoring a vehicle, comprising: (a) a microprocessor configured to determine a vehicle-communication protocol of a host vehicle; (b) a vehicle-communication circuit in electrical communication with the microprocessor and integrated into a single ASIC comprising modules that each manage a vehicle-communication protocol, wherein a module in the vehicle-communication circuit comprises a circuit configured to support at least one of the J1850 PWM, J1850 VPWM, ISO 9141-2, CAN, Keyword 2000, and J1708 vehicle-communication protocols, and wherein the vehicle-communication circuit is configured to be interfaced with a diagnostic connector in the host vehicle; (c) a multiplexing circuit configured to provide electrical communication between the microprocessor and a module of the vehicle-communication circuit, wherein the multiplexing circuit is configured to switch electrical communication from one module to another; (d) a GPS module in electrical communication with the microprocessor; (e) a wireless transmitter configured to transmit data generated by the GPS module and collected by the vehicle-communication circuit; (f) a GPS antenna in electrical contact with the GPS module; (g) a radio antenna in electrical contact with the wireless transmitter; and (h) a single housing that houses the GPS antenna, the radio antenna, the microprocessor, the vehicle-communication circuit, the GPS module, and the wireless transmitter, wherein the microprocessor is further configured to select a module in the vehicle-communication circuit that supports the determined vehicle-communication protocol. 2. A wireless appliance for monitoring a vehicle, comprising: (a) a microprocessor; (b) a vehicle-communication circuit in electrical communication with the microprocessor and integrated into a single ASIC comprising modules that each manage a vehicle-communication protocol; and (c) a wireless transmitter configured to transmit data collected by the vehicle-communication circuit. 3. The wireless appliance of claim 2, further comprising: (a) a GPS module in electrical communication with the microprocessor, wherein the wireless transmitter is further configured to transmit data generated by the GPS module. 4. The wireless appliance of claim 3, further comprising: (a) a GPS antenna in electrical contact with the GPS module; (b) a radio antenna in electrical contact with the wireless transmitter; and (c) a single housing that houses the GPS antenna, the radio antenna, the microprocessor, the vehicle-communication circuit, the GPS module, and the wireless transmitter. 5. The wireless appliance of claim 3, further comprising a single chipset that comprises the GPS module and the wireless transmitter. 6. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein a module in the vehicle-communication circuit comprises a circuit configured to support at least one of the following vehicle-communication protocols: J1850 PWM, J1850 VPWM, ISO 9141-2, CAN, Keyword 2000, and J1708. 7. The wireless appliance of claim 6, wherein the vehicle-communication circuit comprises separate modules each configured to support one of the following vehicle-communication protocols: J1850 PWM, J1850 VPWM, ISO 9141-2, CAN, Keyword 2000, and J1708. 8. The wireless appliance of claim 7, further comprising a multiplexing circuit configured to provide electrical communication between the microprocessor and a module of the vehicle-communication circuit. 9. The wireless appliance of claim 8, wherein the multiplexing circuit is configured to switch electrical communication from one module to another. 10. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the vehicle-communication circuit further comprises a microcontroller. 11. The wireless appliance of claim 10, wherein the microcontroller is configured to connect to the microprocessor using an asynchronous serial connection. 12. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the microprocessor is configured to determine a vehicle-communication protocol of a host vehicle. 13. The wireless appliance of claim 12, wherein the host vehicle is selected from a group comprising an automobile, truck, wheeled commercial equipment, heavy truck, power sport vehicle, collision repair vehicle, marine vehicle, and recreational vehicle. 14. The wireless appliance of claim 12, wherein the microprocessor is configured to monitor at least one of a baud rate and at least one pulse width characteristic of the vehicle-communication protocol of the host vehicle. 15. The wireless appliance of claim 12, wherein the microprocessor is configured to initiate, using a first vehicle-communication protocol, at least one test communication with the host vehicle. 16. The wireless appliance of claim 12, wherein the microprocessor is configured to test a plurality of outputs of a diagnostic system in the host vehicle. 17. The wireless appliance of claim 16, wherein the plurality of outputs are tested to determine whether respective outputs are active. 18. The wireless appliance of claim 12, wherein the microprocessor is further configured to select a module in the vehicle-communication circuit that supports the determined vehicle-communication protocol. 19. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the wireless appliance is configured to query an engine control unit (ECU) of the vehicle. 20. The wireless appliance of claim 2, further comprising an internal battery. 21. The wireless appliance of claim 20, wherein the internal battery comprises a solar cell. 22. The wireless appliance of claim 20, further comprising a power-conditioning circuit in electrical communication with the internal battery and a power source of the vehicle. 23. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the microprocessor is configured to interface with a memory module. 24. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the wireless transmitter comprises a wireless modem. 25. The wireless appliance of claim 24, wherein the microprocessor is configured to identify the wireless modem. 26. The wireless appliance of claim 25, wherein the microprocessor is configured to identify the wireless modem based at least in part on an electronic serial number of the wireless modem. 27. The wireless appliance of claim 24, wherein the wireless modem utilizes an active antenna. 28. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the vehicle-communication circuit is configured to be interfaced with a diagnostic connector in the vehicle. 29. The wireless appliance of claim 28, wherein the wireless appliance is configured to receive power, at least in part, via the diagnostic connector. 30. The wireless appliance of claim 28, wherein the diagnostic connector is an OBD-II connector. 31. The wireless appliance of claim 28, wherein the wireless appliance is configured to be attached to the diagnostic connector via a wiring harness. 32. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the wireless appliance is interfaced with at least one sensor in the vehicle. 33. The wireless appliance of claim 32, wherein the at least one sensor comprises a tire pressure or temperature sensor. 34. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the wireless appliance is directly interfaced with an electrical system of the vehicle. 35. A wireless appliance for monitoring a vehicle, comprising: (a) a substrate; (b) a microprocessor supported by the substrate; (c) a vehicle-communication circuit, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, comprising modules that each manage a different vehicle-communication protocol; and (d) a wireless transmitter, configured to transmit data collected by the vehicle-communication circuit, including a radio antenna connected to the substrate. 36. The wireless appliance of claim 35, further comprising: (a) a GPS module, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, including a GPS antenna connected to the substrate, wherein the wireless transmitter is further configured to transmit data generated by the GPS module. 37. The wireless appliance of claim 36, further comprising a single chipset that comprises both the GPS module and the wireless transmitter. 38. The wireless appliance of claim 35, wherein a module in the vehicle-communication circuit comprises a circuit configured to support at least one of the following vehicle-communication protocols: J1850 PWM, J1850 VPWM, ISO 9141-2, CAN, Keyword 2000, and J1708. 39. The wireless appliance of claim 38, wherein the vehicle-communication circuit comprises separate modules configured to support one of the following vehicle-communication protocols: J1850 PWM, J1850 VPWM, ISO 9141-2, CAN, Keyword 2000, and J1708. 40. The wireless appliance of claim 39, further comprising a multiplexing circuit configured to provide electrical communication between the microprocessor and a module of the vehicle-communication circuit. 41. The wireless appliance of claim 40, wherein the multiplexing circuit is configured to switch electrical communication from one module to another. 42. The wireless appliance of claim 35, wherein the vehicle-communication circuit further comprises a microcontroller. 43. The wireless appliance of claim 42, wherein the microcontroller connects to the microprocessor using an asynchronous serial connection. 44. The wireless appliance of claim 35, wherein the microprocessor is configured to determine a vehicle-communication protocol of a host vehicle. 45. The wireless appliance of claim 44, wherein the microprocessor is further configured to select a module in the vehicle-communication circuit that is configured to support the determined vehicle-communication protocol. 46. The wireless appliance of claim 35, further comprising an internal battery. 47. The wireless appliance of claim 46, further comprising a power-conditioning circuit in electrical communication with the internal battery and a power source of the host vehicle. 48. The wireless appliance of claim 35, wherein the vehicle is selected from a group comprising an automobile, truck, wheeled commercial equipment, heavy truck, power sport vehicle, collision repair vehicle, marine vehicle, and recreational vehicle. 49. A wireless appliance for monitoring a vehicle, comprising: (a) a microprocessor; (b) a vehicle-communication circuit, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, comprising one or more modules that each manage a different vehicle-communication protocol to collect diagnostic data from a host vehicle; and (c) a wireless transmitter controlled by the microprocessor and configured to transmit the diagnostic data. 50. The wireless appliance of claim 49, further comprising: (a) a GPS module, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, configured to receive GPS signals from an antenna, generate data in response to the signals, and then send the data to the microprocessor to calculate location-based data, wherein the wireless transmitter is further configured to transmit the location-based data. 51. The wireless appliance of claim 50, further comprising: (a) a GPS antenna in electrical contact with the GPS module; (b) a radio antenna in electrical contact with the wireless transmitter; and (c) a single housing that houses the GPS antenna, the radio antenna, the microprocessor, the vehicle-communication circuit, the GPS module, and the wireless transmitter. 52. The wireless appliance of claim 50, further comprising a single chipset that comprises the GPS module and the wireless transmitter. 53. The wireless appliance of claim 49, wherein the host vehicle is selected from a group comprising an automobile, truck, wheeled commercial equipment, heavy truck, power sport vehicle, collision repair vehicle, marine vehicle, and recreational vehicle. 54. A wireless appliance for monitoring a vehicle, comprising: (a) a microprocessor; and (b) a mechanical adaptor interfaced with the microprocessor and comprising a connector configured to power and provide a data link to a plurality of wireless transmitters configured to operate on different wireless networks. 55. The wireless appliance of claim 54, further comprising: (a) A GPS module in electrical communication with the microprocessor; and (b) a single wireless transmitter connected to the mechanical adaptor and configured to transmit data generated by the GPS module. 56. The wireless appliance of claim 54, wherein the mechanical adaptor is configured to power and provide a data link to wireless transmitters configured to operate on at least one of the following wireless networks: CDMA, GSM, GPRS, AMPS, Mobitex, DataTac, and ORBCOMM. 57. The wireless appliance of claim 54, wherein the microprocessor is configured to determine a wireless network associated with the wireless transmitter. 58. The wireless appliance of claim 54, wherein the data link is an electrical line for serial data communication. 59. The wireless appliance of claim 54, further comprising a power-conditioning circuit in electrical contact with the mechanical adaptor. 60. The wireless appliance of claim 59, wherein the microprocessor is configured to determine at least one power requirement of the wireless transmitter. 61. The wireless appliance of claim 60, wherein the microprocessor is in electrical communication with the power-conditioning circuit and is configured to control power supplied to the wireless transmitter. 62. The wireless appliance of claim 54, wherein the vehicle is selected from a group comprising an automobile, truck, wheeled commercial equipment, heavy truck, power sport vehicle, collision repair vehicle, marine vehicle, and recreational vehicle. 63. A single ASIC, comprising: (a) a microprocessor; (b) a vehicle-communication circuit in electrical communication with the microprocessor and comprising modules that each manage a vehicle-communication protocol; and (c) a wireless transmitter configured to transmit data collected by the vehicle-communication circuit. 64. The ASIC of claim 63, further comprising: (a) a GPS module in electrical communication with the microprocessor, wherein the wireless transmitter is further configured to transmit data generated by the GPS module. 65. The ASIC of claim 63, wherein a module in the vehicle-communication circuit comprises a circuit configured to support at least one of the following vehicle-communication protocols: J1850 PWM, J1850 VPWM, ISO 9141-2, CAN, Keyword 2000, and J1708. 66. The ASIC of claim 65, wherein the vehicle-communication circuit comprises separate modules configured to support one of the following vehicle-communication protocols: J1850 PWM, J1850 VPWM, ISO 9141-2, CAN, Keyword 2000, and J1708. 67. The ASIC of claim 66, further comprising a multiplexing circuit configured to provide electrical communication between the microprocessor and a module of the vehicle-communication circuit. 68. The ASIC of claim 67, wherein the multiplexing circuit is configured to switch electrical communication from one module to another. 69. The ASIC of claim 68, wherein the vehicle-communication circuit further comprises a microcontroller. 70. The ASIC of claim 69, wherein the microcontroller connects to the microprocessor using an asynchronous serial connection. 71. The ASIC of claim 63, wherein the microprocessor is configured to determine a vehicle-communication protocol of a host vehicle. 72. The ASIC of claim 71, wherein the microprocessor is further configured to select a module in the vehicle-communication circuit that is configured to support the determined vehicle-communication protocol. 73. The ASIC of claim 71, wherein the host vehicle is selected from a group comprising an automobile, truck, wheeled commercial equipment, heavy truck, power sport vehicle, collision repair vehicle, marine vehicle, and recreational vehicle. 74. A monitorable vehicle, comprising: (a) a vehicle including an on-board diagnostic system configured to query data relating to the vehicle; and (b) a wireless appliance, comprising, (i) a substrate; (ii) a microprocessor supported by the substrate; (iii) a vehicle-communication circuit, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, comprising modules that each manage a different vehicle-communication protocol, wherein the vehicle-communication circuit is interfaced with the on-board diagnostic system; and (iv) a wireless transmitter, configured to transmit data collected by the vehicle-communication circuit, including a radio antenna connected to the substrate. 75. The monitorable vehicle of claim 74, wherein the vehicle is selected from a group comprising an automobile, truck, wheeled commercial equipment, heavy truck, power sport vehicle, collision repair vehicle, marine vehicle, and recreational vehicle. 76. The monitorable vehicle of claim 74, wherein the vehicle-communication circuit is interfaced with the on-board diagnostic system via a diagnostic connector. 77. The monitorable vehicle of claim 76, wherein the wireless appliance is attached to the diagnostic connector via a wiring harness. 78. The monitorable vehicle of claim 74, wherein the vehicle-communication circuit is directly interfaced with the electrical system. 79. The monitorable vehicle of claim 74, wherein the wireless appliance further comprises: (i) a GPS module, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, including a GPS antenna connected to the substrate, wherein the wireless transmitter is further configured to transmit data generated by the GPS module. 