A method and apparatus for producing energy is provided for generating renewable energy. Captive compressed fluid cycles between two coupled containers through a motive power source. The captive compressed fluid flows between the containers in response to a difference in the pressure of the compressed fluid within the first container compared to the pressure of the compressed fluid within the second container. This pressure differential develops as the compressed fluid within the first container experiences a temperature change of a differing percentage magnitude or direction than the compressed fluid within the second container over the same period of time. The differing percentage temperature fluctuations result as the containers are provided dissimilar exposure to natural renewable or man-made energy sources or are insulated therefrom. A continuous supply of additional compressed fluid is not required, nor is fluid routinely vented to the atmosphere.
Claims What the invention claimed is: 1. Apparatus for generating energy comprising: first and second containers to contain fluid under pressure; a first pressure-determining component to determine a pressure in one of said first or second containers; a motive power source coupled with the first and second containers and operable to generate energy in response to a flow of the fluid from said first container to said second container and operable to generate energy in response to a flow of the fluid from said second container first container, wherein fluid flow between the containers is urged by a difference in the pressure of the fluid within the first container compared to the pressure of the fluid within the second container, and wherein said difference in pressure is caused by a change in temperature of fluid in said first or second container of a different percentage than a change, if any, in temperature of fluid in the other container; and a valve positioned between the first and second containers and operable to control the flow of the fluid between the first and second containers. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said first pressure-determining component comprises a port for receiving a pressure gauge. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a second pressure-determining component for determining the pressure of the fluid within the other of said first or second containers. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the fluid is a gas or a combination of gas & liquid, including a vapor. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, further comprising a controller logically coupled with: (1) the first pressure-determining component, (2) the second pressure-determining component, and with (3) the valve to control a cycling of fluid exchanges between the first and second containers. 6. The apparatus of claim 4, further comprising: a first temperature gauge for monitoring the temperature of the fluid within the first container; a first pressure-relief valve for venting fluid from the first container; a second temperature gauge for monitoring the temperature of the fluid within the second container; and a second pressure-relief valve for venting fluid from the second container. 7. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the first container is subjected to a first environment for bringing the fluid in the first container to a first pressure. 8. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the first environment comprises an area that warms the fluid in the first container. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the area that warms the fluid in the first container further comprises a solar oven. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the solar oven comprises a glass enclosure. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the glass enclosure comprises an array of rotatable heat-managing panels. 12. The apparatus of claim 9, further comprising a solar oven prime mover for physically manipulating the solar oven. 13. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the first environment further comprises a heating source. 14. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the second container is subjected to a second environment for bringing the fluid in the second container to a second pressure. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein is included a first removable layer of exterior insulation at least partially surrounding the second container. 16. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein the second environment further comprises a cooling source. 17. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein the first container further comprises an exterior heat-conducting skin. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the exterior heat-conducting skin comprises a metallic skin. 19. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the second container further comprises an exterior heat-conducting skin. 20. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the second container has a volume at least 1.5 times that of the first container. 21. The apparatus of claim 4, further comprising an energy-storage apparatus coupled with the first motive power source. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the energy storage apparatus comprises: a generator coupled to the motive power source; and a battery coupled to the generator. 23. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the energy-storage apparatus comprises: a third container; a compressor coupled with the motive power source and with the third container to compress ambient-sourced air into the third container in response to stimulation of the motive power source; and a second motive power source coupled to the third container to produce energy in response to a decompression of the third container. 24. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the motive power source comprises a turbine. 25. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein is included a second removable layer of insulation at least partially surrounding the first container. 26. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein is include a third removable layer of insolation at least partially surrounding the second container. 27. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein is included: a structural support for the first and second containers; and a prime mover for alternating the containers between the first and second environments. 28. The apparatus of claim 4, further comprising an input valve to allow for an injection of fluid into the first container. 29. A method for generating energy comprising; providing a first supply of fluid contained at a first pressure and a second supply of fluid contained at a second pressure; providing a first pressure-determining component for determining a pressure of the first or second supply; providing for the control of a flow of the fluid from said first supply to said second supply and from said second supply to said first supply; and generating energy as the fluid flows within the flow path between the first and second supplies in response to a difference in pressure between the first supply compared to the pressure of the second supply, and vice versa, wherein said difference in pressure is caused by a change in temperature of said first or second supply of fluid of a different percentage than a change, if any, in temperature of the other supply of fluid. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein the fluid is a gas or a combination of gas & liquid, including a vapor. 31. The method of claim 29, wherein said first pressure-determining component comprises a port for receiving a pressure gauge. 32. The method of claim 30, wherein the step of generating energy includes providing a motive power source within the flow-path that is stimulated in response to an exchange of fluid between the first and second supplies of contained fluid. 33. The method of claim 32, wherein providing a motive power source comprises providing a turbine. 34. The method of claim 30, further comprising the step of subjecting the first supply of fluid to a first environment for bringing the first supply to a different pressure than said first pressure. 35. The method of claim 34, wherein the step of subjecting the first supply of fluid to the first environment comprises subjecting the first supply to an energy source that warms the first supply. 36. The method of claim 34, wherein the step of subjecting the first supply of fluid to the first environment includes enhancing the effect of the first environment by concentrating the energy from the first environment on the first supply. 37. The method of claim 34, further comprising the step of subjecting the second supply of fluid to a second environment for bringing the second supply to a second pressure. 38. The method of claim 37, wherein subjecting the second supply to the second environment comprises subjecting the second supply to a cooling source. 39. The method of claim 37, wherein the step of subjecting the second supply of fluid to the second environment includes providing a source of removable insulation at least partially surrounding the second supply of fluid. 40. The method of claim 30, further comprising: providing a structural support for interchangeably supporting the first and second supplies; providing a prime mover for alternating the supplies between first and second environments; and moving the supplies between the first and second environments whereby the frequency of fluid exchanges can be increased. 41. The method of claim 30, further comprising coupling an energy-storage apparatus to the first motive power source. 42. The method of claim 32, further comprising coupling a controller with the first pressure-determining component and with the valve for controlling a cycling of fluid between the first and second supplies. 43. The method of claim 42, further comprising: providing a first temperature gauge for monitoring the temperature of the first supply; and providing a second temperature gauge for monitoring the temperature of the second supply. 44. The method of claim 30, further comprising providing an input valve to allow for an injection of fluid into the first or second container. 45. Apparatus for generating energy comprising: first and second containers to contain fluid under pressure; a first pressure-determining component to determine a pressure in one of said first or second containers; and a first motive power source coupled with the first and second containers, wherein the first motive power source, (1) is a rotary device, and (2) generates energy in response to a flow of the fluid from said first container to said second container and also generates energy in response to a flow of the fluid from said second container to said first container, said flow urged by a difference in the pressure of the fluid within the first container compared to the pressure of the fluid within the second container, wherein said difference in pressure is caused by a change in temperature of fluid in said first or second container of a different percentage than a change, if any, in temperature of fluid in the other container. 46. The apparatus of claim 45, wherein the fluid is a gas or a combination of gas & liquid, including a vapor. 47. The apparatus of claim 46, further comprising a valve between the first and second containers to control the flow of the fluid between the first and second containers. 48. The apparatus of claim 47, wherein said first pressure-determining component comprises a port for receiving a pressure gauge. 49. The apparatus of claim 48, further comprising a second pressure-determining component for determining the pressure of the fluid within the other of said first or second containers. 50. The apparatus of claim 49 further comprising a controller logically coupled with: the first pressure-determining component and with the valve to control a cycling of fluid exchanges between the first and second containers. 51. The apparatus of claim 50, wherein the first container is subjected to a first environment for bringing the fluid in the first container to a first pressure. 52. The apparatus of claim 51, wherein the second container is subjected to a second environment for bringing the fluid in the second container to a second pressure. 53. The apparatus of claim 52, further comprising an energy-storage apparatus coupled to the motive power source. 54. The apparatus of claim 52, further comprising a prime mover for alternating the containers between the first and second environments. 55. Apparatus for generating energy comprising: a first containment of fluid under pressure; a second containment of fluid under pressure coupled to the first containment, thereby defining a flow path between the first containment and the second containment; a first pressure-determining component to determine a pressure of one of said first or second containments; and a motive power source disposed within the flow path, wherein the motive power source is operable to generate energy in response to a flow of the fluid from the first containment to the second containment and operable to generate energy in response to a flow of the fluid from the second containment to the first containment wherein said flow is urged by a pressure difference between the first and second containments caused by a change in temperature of said first or second containment of a different percentage than a change, if any, in temperature of the other containment. 56. The apparatus of claim 55, wherein the fluid is a gas or a combination of gas & liquid, including a vapor. 57. The apparatus of claim 56, wherein the first containment, flow path, and second containment define a substantially closed system where the fluid is substantially recycled between the first and second containments. 58. The apparatus of claim 57, wherein said first and second containments are interchangeable such that containment temperatures relative to each other can be interposed. 59. Apparatus for generating energy comprising: a first containment of fluid under pressure and associated with a first temperature; a second containment of fluid under pressure coupled to the first containment, thereby defining a flow path between the first containment and the second containment, and wherein the second containment of fluid is associated with a second temperature that is cooler than the first temperature; a first pressure-determining component to determine a pressure of one of said first or second containments; and a motive power source coupled to said first and second containments operable to generate energy in response to a flow of the fluid from said first containment to said second containment and is operable to generate energy in response to a flow from said second containment to said first containment, wherein fluid flow is urged by a pressure difference between the first and second containments caused by a change in temperature of said first or second containment of a different percentage than a change, if any, in temperature of the other containment, and further wherein the second temperature becomes warmer than the first temperature incident to subjecting the first or second containments to an environment that changes the temperature of the first or second containments. 60. The apparatus of claim 59, wherein the fluid is a gas or a combination of gas & liquid, including a vapor. 61. The apparatus of claim 60, wherein said first and second containments are interchangeable such that said first and second temperatures relative to each other can be interposed so that either containment may become cool or warm with respect to the other containment. 62. A method for providing energy characterized by a cyclical exchange of fluid between first and second containers, the method comprising; providing a first containment of fluid at a first pressure and a first temperature; providing a second containment of fluid at a second pressure and a second temperature, wherein the second temperature is relatively cooler than the first temperature; providing a first pressure-determining component for determining a pressure of the first or second containment; enabling a flow of fluid from the first containment to the second containment until the first and second pressures differ by a threshold amount, wherein the flow of fluid stimulates a motive power source to produce energy; and exposing either the first containment or the second containment to an environment that causes the second temperature to become relatively warmer than the first temperature, thereby regenerating a pressure differential greater than the threshold amount that can be used to induce a subsequent fluid exchange from the second containment to the first containment. 63. The apparatus of claim 62, wherein the fluid is a gas or a combination of gas & liquid, including a vapor. 64. Apparatus for generating energy comprising: first and second containers to contain fluid under pressure at first and second respective temperatures; and a motive power source coupled with the first and second containers and operable to generate energy in response to a flow of the fluid from said first container to said second container and operable to generate energy in response to a flow of the fluid from said second container to said first container urged by a difference in the pressure of the fluid within the first container compared to the pressure of the fluid within the second container, wherein said difference in pressure is caused by a change in temperature of fluid in said first or second container of a different percentage than a change, if any, in temperature of fluid in the other container, and wherein substantially all fluid that flows from the first container is recovered in the second container, and substantially all fluid that flows from the second container is recovered in the first container. 65. A substantially closed system for generating energy comprising: first and second containers to contain fluid under pressure; and a motive power source coupled with the first and second containers and operable to generate energy in response to a flow of the fluid from said first container to said second container as well as from said second container to said first container urged by a difference in the pressure of the fluid within the first container compared to the pressure of the fluid within the second container, wherein said difference in pressure is caused by a change in temperature of fluid in said first container of a different percentage than a change, if any, in temperature of fluid in said second container, and wherein substantially all fluid is maintained within the system as the fluid flows between the first and second containers. 66. A device for providing energy, comprising; means for containing a first supply of fluid under pressure at a first temperature; means for determining a first pressure associated with said first supply of fluid; means for containing a second supply of fluid under pressure at a second temperature; and means for generating energy in response to a flow of fluid from said first container to said second container as well as from said second container to said first container urged by a difference in the pressure of said first supply compared to the pressure of said second supply induced by a change in said first or second temperature of a different percentage than a change, if any, in the other temperature. 67. The device of claim 66, further comprising means for determining a second pressure associated with said second supply of fluid. 68. A method for generating energy comprising: providing first and second containers to contain fluid under pressure, wherein cyclical pressure differentials between the fluid within said first container and the fluid within said second container can be provided by exposing said first container to oscillating temperatures; providing a motive power source coupled with said first and second containers and operable to generate energy in response to flows of the fluid from said first container to said second container and operable to generate energy in response to flows of the fluid from said second container to said first container, said flows urged by said pressure differentials. 69. A method for generating energy comprising: providing first and second containers to contain fluid under pressure; subjecting said first container to oscillating temperatures resulting in cyclical pressure differentials between the fluid within said first container and the fluid within said second container; stimulating a motive power source coupled with said first and second containers to generate energy in response to cyclical flows of the fluid from said first container to said second container as well as from said second container to said first container urged by said cyclical pressure differentials, which are caused by changes in temperature of fluid in said first or second container of a different percentage than changes, if any, in temperature of fluid in the other container. 70. A method for generating energy in a system comprising first and second containers adapted to contain fluid under pressure and a motive power source coupled to said first and second containers, the method comprising: bringing said first and second containers to a state whereby substantially no fluid flows between said first and second containers; subjecting said first and second containers to environments that create a first pressure differential between said first and second containers; enabling an exchange of fluid between said first and second containers urged by said first pressure differential that stimulates said motive power source to create energy until said first pressure differential is reduced to a different pressure differential from said first differential, thereby providing a first fluid-exchange cycle; and iteratively creating additional fluid-exchange cycles by: (1) subjecting said first and second containers to environments that create another pressure differential between said first and second containers, (2) stimulating said motive power source by causing another fluid-exchange cycle using said another pressure differential until said another pressure differential reduces to a desired amount, wherein said fluid exchange cycle includes fluid flowing from said first container to said second container as well as from said second container to said first container, and wherein each of said pressure differentials is caused by changes in temperature of fluid in said first or second container of a different percentage than changes, if any, in temperature of fluid in the other container; and (3) repeating substeps (1) and (2). 71. A method for generating energy, comprising; providing a first supply of contained fluid under pressure; providing a second supply of contained fluid under pressure; providing a valve within a flow path between the first and second supplies of contained fluid to control a flow of the fluid between the first and second supplies; providing a first pressure-measuring device to determine the pressure of the first supply of contained fluid; and generating energy as fluid flows within the flow path from said first container to said second container as well as when fluid flows from said second container to said first container in response to a difference in pressure between the first supply compared to the pressure of the second supply, wherein said difference in pressure is caused by a change in temperature of said first or second supply of fluid of a different percentage than a change, if any, in temperature of the other supply of fluid. 