The environment and growth of vegetation within a soil embedded culvert system is improved by directing artificial or natural light onto the vegetation within the enclosed passage defined by the culvert system. The light is produced either by internal electrical grow light fixtures or by external sunlight reflectors. A water spray system may also be used within the passage to improve the vegetation growth.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of improving the environment and growth of vegetation within a soil embedded elongated culvert system defining a passage adapted for wildlife crossing or a flowing water stream, comprising the steps of extending the soil and vegetation within the passage and along the length of the culvert system, positioning electrical lighting fixtures having light emitting elements within the culvert system along the length thereof, and supplying electrical power to the lighting fixtures for energizing the light emitting elements to produce growth of the vegetation within the passage. 2. A method as defined in claim 1 wherein the culvert system includes a plurality of inverted U-shaped culvert sections in longitudinal alignment to form the passage for the wildlife crossing or the flowing water stream, and including the step of positioning at least one of the lighting fixtures in a top wall of each of the culvert sections. 3. A method as defined in claim 1 wherein the light emitting elements produce substantially natural light. 4. A method as defined in claim 1 and including the step of directing a spray of water onto the vegetation within the passage and along the length of the culvert system. 5. A method as defined in claim 4 and including the step of installing a plurality of longitudinally spaced water spray nozzles within the culvert system, and connecting the water spray nozzles to a controlled water supply. 6. A method as defined in claim 1 wherein the vegetation extends within soil banks extending within the passage along the length of the culvert system and on opposite sides of a flowing water stream. 7. A method as defined in claim 1 wherein the electrical power is supplied from at least one rechargeable battery connected to a solar cell for recharging the battery. 8. A method of improving the environment and growth of vegetation within a soil embedded elongated culvert system defining a passage adapted for wildlife crossing or a flowing water stream, comprising the steps of extending the soil and vegetation within the passage and along the length of the culvert system, positioning at least one light reflector at an end of the culvert system, and positioning the reflector to reflect sun light into the passage and onto the vegetation to produce growth of the vegetation within the passage. 9. A method as defined in claim 8 wherein the culvert system includes a plurality of inverted U-shaped culvert sections in longitudinal alignment to form the passage for the wildlife crossing or the flowing water stream, and including the step of mounting the light reflector on a wall of the culvert system. 10. A method as defined in claim 8 and including the step of directing a spray of water onto the vegetation within the passage and along the length of the culvert system. 11. A method as defined in claim 10 and including the step of installing a plurality of longitudinally spaced water spray nozzles within the culvert system, and connecting the water spray nozzles to a controlled water supply. 12. A method as defined in claim 8 wherein the vegetation extends within soil banks extending within the passage along the length of the culvert system and on opposite sides of a flowing water stream. 13. In a soil embedded elongated culvert assembly defining a passage adapted for wildlife crossing or a flowing water stream, a system for improving the environment and growth of vegetation within soil extending within said passage, said system comprising at least one fixture positioned to direct light into said passage within said culvert assembly along the length of said passage to produce growth of the vegetation within said passage. 14. A system as defined in claim 13 wherein said culvert assembly comprises a plurality of inverted U-shaped culvert sections in longitudinal alignment to form said passage for wildlife crossing or the flowing water stream, and said fixture comprises at least one electrical said lighting fixture supported by a top wall of each of said culvert sections. 15. A system as defined in claim 13 wherein said fixture comprises a light reflecting surface positioned outside of said passage to reflect natural sunlight into said passage. 16. A system as defined in claim 13 in combination with a water spray system positioned to spray water onto the vegetation within said passage and along the length of said passage. 17. A system as defined in claim 16 and including a plurality of longitudinally spaced water spray nozzles within said culvert assembly, and a conduit connecting said nozzles to a controlled water supply. 18. A system as defined in claim 13 wherein the vegetation extends within soil banks extending within said passage along the length of said culvert assembly and on opposite sides of a water stream flowing through said passage. 19. A system as defined in claim 13 wherein said fixture comprises an electrical light fixture, and electrical conductors connecting said fixture to an electrical power supply. 20. A system as defined in claim 19 wherein said electrical power supply comprises at least one rechargeable battery connected to a solar cell for recharging said battery. 