An airship has a generally spherical shape and has an internal envelope for containing a lifting gas such as Helium or Hydrogen. The airship has a propulsion and control system that permits it to be flown to a desired loitering location, and to be maintained in that location for a period of time. In one embodiment the airship may achieve neutral buoyancy when the internal envelope is as little as 7% full of lifting gas, and may have a service ceiling of about 60,000 ft. The airship has an equipment module that can include either communications equipment, or monitoring equipment, or both. The airship can be remotely controlled from a ground station. The airship has a solar cell array and electric motors of the propulsion and control system are driven by power obtained from the array. The airship also has an auxiliary power unit that can be used to drive the electric motors. The airship can have a pusher propeller that assists in driving the airship and also moves the point of flow separation of the spherical airship further aft. In one embodiment the airship can be refuelled at altitude to permit extended loitering.
Claims I claim: 1. A substantially spherical aircraft comprising an outer envelope having a leading region and a trailing region, said aircraft having buoyancy apparatus operable to maintain said aircraft aloft, propulsion and directional apparatus co-operable to conduct said aircraft; and at least one boundary layer separation suppression element operable to encourage said aircraft to proceed as conducted, said at least one boundary layer separation suppression element, during operation for forward conduct, lowering air pressure substantially adjacent said trailing region and shifting away from said leading region, a point at which airflow about said outer envelope separates therefrom. 2. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said propulsion apparatus includes a pusher propeller. 3. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 2 wherein said aircraft has a main diametral dimension D1, and said propeller has a diameter D2, where D2 lies in the range of 10% to 25% of D1. 4. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 2 wherein said pusher propeller operates between 0 and 250 r.p.m. 5. The substantially aircraft of claim 2 wherein said pusher propeller has a tip speed of less than 500 ft/s. 6. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 2 wherein said pusher propeller is driven by an electric motor. 7. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft has a fuel replenishment system, said fuel replenishment system being operable while said aircraft is aloft. 8. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein at least one of said propulsion and directional apparatus includes an internal combustion engine and a fuel replenishment system, said fuel replenishment system being operable while said aircraft is aloft. 9. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft has solar cell panels. 10. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft includes an electro magnetic interface member chosen from the set of electro-magnetic interface members capable of performing at least one of (a) receiving an electro-magnetic wave form; (b) sending an electro-magnetic wave form; (c) relaying an electro-magnetic wave form; and (c) reflecting an electro-magnetic wave form. 11. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft includes communications equipment operable to perform at least one of (a) receiving communications signals (b) sending communications signals; (c) relaying communications signals; and (d) reflecting communications signals. 12. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft includes surveillance equipment. 13. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 12 wherein said surveillance equipment is chosen from the set of surveillance equipment consisting of at least one of (a) communications monitoring equipment; (b) thermal imaging equipment; (c) photographic equipment; and (d) radar. 14. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft has a cowling, and said cowling is substantially transparent to at least radio frequency electro-magnetic waves. 15. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 14 wherein said aircraft has, mounted within said cowling, at least one of: (A) communications equipment operable to perform at least one of (a) receiving communications signals (b) sending communications signals; (c) relaying communications signals; and (d) reflecting communications signals; and (B) surveillance equipment chosen from the set of surveillance equipment consisting of at least one of (a) communications monitoring equipment; (b) thermal imaging equipment; (c) photographic equipment; and (d) radar. 16. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 14 wherein said cowling is internally pressurized relative to ambient conditions external to said aircraft. 17. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft is remotely controlled. 18. A substantially spherical aircraft comprising: an outer envelope having a leading region and a trailing region; buoyancy apparatus operable to maintain said aircraft aloft; propulsion and directional apparatus co-operable to conduct said aircraft, said propulsion apparatus including a pusher propeller driven by an electric motor; at least one boundary layer separation suppression element operable to encourage said aircraft to proceed as conducted, said at least one boundary layer separation suppression element, during operation for forward conduct, shifting away from said leading region, a point at which airflow about said outer envelope separates therefrom; and an internal combustion engine and an electric generator driven thereby. 19. A substantially spherical aircraft, said substantially spherical aircraft having a weight and an internal volume, said aircraft having an outer, load-bearing envelope defining said internal volume, buoyancy apparatus operable to maintain said aircraft aloft, propulsion and directional apparatus co-operable to conduct said aircraft; said buoyancy apparatus including an inner envelope mounted within said outer, load-bearing envelope; said internal volume being maintained at an elevated pressure relative to the external, ambient pressure to maintain said substantially spherical shape of said aircraft; said inner envelope containing a buoyant lifting fluid; said inner envelope being variably inflatable to occupy a variable portion of said internal volume; and under ambient conditions at sea level on a 59.degree. F. day, when said inner envelope is inflated to as little as 70% of said internal volume, said inner envelope provides a buoyant force at least as great as said weight, and said aircraft having at least one of: (A) communications equipment operable to perform at least one of (a) receiving communications signals (b) sending communication signals; (c) relaying communications signals; and (d) reflecting communications signals; and (B) surveillance equipment chosen from the set of surveillance equipment consisting of at least one of (a) communications monitoring equipment; (b) thermal imaging equipment; (c) photographic equipment; and (d) radar. 20. A method for operating a buoyant aircraft, said method comprising the steps of: providing an aircraft of substantially spherical shape, said aircraft having an internal volume and a weight, said aircraft including an outer, load-bearing envelope defining said internal volume; an inner, inflatable envelope housed within said internal volume, and said aircraft having a propulsion system and a directional control system; maintaining said internal volume at an elevated pressure relative to the external, ambient pressure; inflating said inner, inflatable envelope with a lifting fluid to a first volume sufficient to at least balance said weight, said first volume, at sea level, being less than 70% of said internal volume; and operating said propulsion and directional control systems to a location greater than 10,000 ft above sea level. 21. The method of claim 20 wherein said method includes the step of maintaining said aircraft in a loitering location. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein said step of maintaining said aircraft in said loitering position includes the step of maintaining lateral and longitudinal position variation relative to a deviation radius of 1000 M. 23. The method of claim 22 including maintaining said aircraft at an altitude of at least 15,000 ft. 24. The method of claim 20 and further including at least one of the steps chosen from the set of steps consisting of: (A) operating as a communication platform to do at least one of (a) receiving communications signals (b) sending communications signals; (c) relaying communications signals; and (d) reflecting communications signals; and (B) operating as a surveillance platform to (a) monitor communications; (b) produce thermal imaging; (c) take photographs; and (d) to operate a radar. 25. The method of claim 20 including the step of controlling operation of said buoyant aircraft from a remote location. 