A safety net that includes at least one illuminating element. The safety net is intended to be stored in a rolled-up fashion (similar to a roll-up window shade) in the trunk of a vehicle. When illuminated, the safety net provides a completely new and unique means of alerting oncoming traffic to a road hazard or other situation requiring traffic control. The safety net provides a warning means that will not be knocked over by the wind, as wind blows freely through the voids of the net. In addition, the safety net screens the scene from the view of those in oncoming traffic. The device may include a solid state controller that provides a variety of patterns or symbols to further enhance the visual safety features of the device. This can be accomplished by placing fiber optic strands in the net voids, or within the side illuminating fiber optic conduit itself. The device may also include metal cables to form a physical barrier.
Claims I claim: 1. A safety and warning device comprising: a woven net element, at least one illuminating strand, said illuminating strand increasing visibility of said net element, at least one metal cable interwoven within said woven net element, said net element in combination with said metal cable having sufficient tensile strength to restrain a motor vehicle, and mounting means on each end of said net element, at least one of said mounting means including an attachment mechanism to attach said mounting means to a motor vehicle of a user of said device; wherein said mounting means allow a user to deploy said safety and warning device in a selected area, and the entire device including mounting means is compact enough to be contained in a trunk of the motor vehicle of the user. 2. The safety and warning device of claim 1 wherein: said device comprises a plurality of illuminating strands. 3. The safety and warning device of claim 2 wherein: an electronic controller controls lighting of said illuminating strands so that said strands display desired patterns and messages. 4. The safety and warning device of claim 1 wherein: said at least one illuminating strand is contained in a side illuminating fiber optic conduit. 5. The safety and warning device of claim 1 wherein: power to light said illuminating strand is obtained from an electrical system of a vehicle. 6. The safety and warning device of claim 1 wherein: power to light said illuminating strand is obtained from a battery pack. 7. The safety and warning device of claim 1 wherein: power to light said illuminating strand is obtained from a solar panel. 8. The safety and warning device of claim 1 wherein: illumination means to light said illuminating strand is obtained from an external light source. 