A solar power conversion system using a plurality of engines to convert solar energy to electrical energy. The plurality of engines are supported adjacent to a housing having a single thermal cavity. The cavity is provided with solar energy from a solar collector. Each of the engines can be turned off or regulated to maintain an optimum operating temperature for a common heater head in communication with each of the engines. Therefore, the power conversion system can be regulated for variations in insolation to maintain an optimum temperature in the heater head. Therefore, increased life cycle energy efficiency of the power conversion system can be obtained.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method to convert solar energy to electricity with a solar collector and concentrator and a housing having a cavity wherein the cavity has associated therewith a plurality of engines, the method comprising: disposing said solar collector and concentrator in a position to collect and concentrate solar energy at a focus point; positioning said cavity to receive said concentrated solar energy; converting at least a portion of said solar energy to thermal energy in said cavity; and operably disposing said plurality of engines in substantially direct communication with said cavity to transmit thermal energy directly to said plurality of engines to use said thermal energy to generate electricity. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: positioning said solar collector and concentrator to collect and concentrate a maximum amount of said solar energy at said focus point; and positioning said housing relative to said solar collector and concentrator to ensure that said collected solar energy is provided to said cavity. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein positioning said solar collector and concentrator to collect and concentrate a maximum amount of solar energy, includes: mounting said solar collector and concentrator on a mobile platform; measuring an insolation at a plurality of points; selecting one of said plurality of points with the greatest insolation; and moving said mobile platform so that said solar collector and concentrator is at said point of greatest insolation. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein operably disposing said plurality of engines relative to said single solar cavity to use said thermal energy to generate electricity, includes: positioning a hot region of said engine in thermal communication with said cavity; positioning a cool region of said engine to allow said engine to use the thermal energy in said cavity to perform work; and using a plurality of alternators associated with said engines such that when said engine is operated said alternators produce electricity. 5. The method of 4, wherein each one of said plurality of said engines has an optimum operating condition including a temperature of said cavity, further comprising: controlling said alternators with a controller to control an electrical load placed on each said alternator; and increasing or decreasing the electrical load placed on each said alternator to vary an optimum operating efficiency of each said engine. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising: turning off at least one of said engines for a period of time to maintain said cavity at an optimum, predetermined temperature; and wherein said engine is selected from a group consisting of Stirling cycle engines, Brayton cycle engines, Rankine cycle engines, or a combination thereof. 7. A method to convert solar enemy to electricity with a solar collector and concentrator and a housing having a cavity wherein the cavity has associated therewith a plurality of engines, the method comprising: disposing said solar collector and concentrator in a position to collect and concentrate solar energy at a focus point; positioning said cavity to receive said concentrated solar energy; converting at least a portion of said solar energy to thermal energy in said cavity; and turning off at least one of said engines for a period of time to maintain said cavity at an optimum, predetermined temperature. 8. A method for converting solar energy into electrical energy, comprising: using a mirror to receive and focus solar energy to a focus point; positioning a housing having a thermal cavity adjacent said mirror such that said thermal cavity is approximately disposed at said focus point; using a plurality of energy conversion engines disposed adjacent said thermal cavity to generate electricity from thermal energy generated within said thermal cavity; and controlling said energy conversion engines to maintain said thermal cavity at a predetermined temperature regardless of variations in said solar energy. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising: determining a temperature of said thermal cavity; determining an optimum number of said energy conversion engines to operate at said determined temperature; and wherein controlling said energy conversion engines includes operating only said determined optimum number. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising: determining an insolation of said mirror; determining an optimum number of aid energy conversion engines to operate at said determined insolation; and wherein controlling said energy conversion engines includes operating only said determined optimum number. 11. The method of claim 9, where controlling said energy conversion engines includes selecting a stroke length of each energy conversion engine; and selecting to operate or not operate each of said energy conversion engines. 