A linear operating device is provided that includes a way of converting a rotational motion into a translational motion, realized in the form of a nut, a rotating drive unit and a spindle acting in conjunction with the nut; and the nut is connected to the spindle with the ability to rotate. The rotating drive unit is connected to the nut with torsional strength, or it exercises a force in the axial direction of the spindle. Applications for the invention can be found in space travel, particularly in the context of solar generator unfolding systems.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Linear operating device having an assembly for converting a rotational motion to a translational motion, said assembly comprising a nut, a rotating drive unit and a spindle, acting in conjunction with the nut, and the nut being rotatably attached to the spindle, wherein the rotating drive unit is connected fixed to the nut and operatively supplies a torsional force to the nut to provide complete separation of the spindle from the nut and the rotation drive unit. 2. Linear operating device according to claim 1, wherein the rotating drive unit is a motor. 3. Linear operating device according to claim 1, wherein the rotating drive unit is a spring. 4. Linear operating device according to claim 2, wherein the nut is connected rotatably fixed to a first lock device which is connectable, detachably, to a complementary lock device to operatively prevent rotation of the first lock device. 5. Linear operating device according to claim 2, wherein the spindle and the nut are arranged in respective mountings which are tiltable. 6. Linear operating device according to claim 1, wherein the nut is connected rotatably fixed to a first lock device which is connectable, detachably, to a complementary lock device to operatively prevent rotation of the first lock device. 7. Linear operating device according to claim 1, wherein the spindle and the nut are arranged in respective mountings which are tiltable. 8. The device according to claim 1, wherein said spindle is connected to a mechanism to be separated from the linear operating device. 9. A spacecraft comprising a linear operating device having an assembly for converting a rotational motion to a translational motion, said assembly comprising a nut, a rotating drive unit and a spindle, acting in conjunction with the nut, and the nut being rotatably attached to the spindle, wherein the rotating drive unit is connected fixed to the nut and operatively supplies a torsional force to the nut to provide complete separation of the spindle from the nut and the rotation drive unit. 10. A spacecraft comprising a linear operating device according to claim 9, wherein the rotating drive unit is a motor. 11. A spacecraft comprising a linear operating device according to claim 9, wherein the nut has an operative connection with the spindle via rolling bodies. 12. A spacecraft comprising a linear operating device according to claim 9, wherein the nut is connected with torsional strength to a first lock device which can be connected, detachably and with torsional strength to a complementary lock device. 13. A spacecraft comprising a linear operating device according to claim 12, wherein the first lock device has a projection or a recess on a surface, and wherein the complementary lock device has a form which is complementary to the projection or the recess. 14. A spacecraft according to claim 9, wherein the rotating drive unit is connected with the spacecraft, and wherein the spindle is attached rotatably fixed to detachable, extensible or unfoldable mechanisms of the spacecraft. 15. A spacecraft according to claim 14, wherein the spindle is connected to a solar generator unit or to an antenna device. 16. The device according to claim 9, wherein said spindle is connected to a mechanism to be separated from the linear operating device. 17. A solar generator unfolding system comprising a linear operating device having an assembly for converting a rotational motion to a translational motion, said assembly comprising a nut, a rotating drive unit and a spindle, acting in conjunction with the nut, and the nut being rotatably attached to the spindle, wherein the rotating drive unit is connected fixed to the nut and operatively supplies a torsional force to the nut to provide complete separation of the spindle from the nut and the rotation drive unit. 18. A solar generator unfolding system comprising a linear operating device according to claim 17, wherein the rotating drive unit is a motor. 19. A solar generator unfolding system according to claim 17, wherein the nut has an operative connection with the spindle via rolling bodies. 20. A solar generator unfolding system according to claim 17, wherein the nut is connected rotationally fixed to a first lock device which can be connected, detachably and rotatably fixedly, to a complementary lock device. 21. A solar generator unfolding system according to claim 20, wherein the first lock device has a projection or a recess on a surface, and wherein the complementary lock device has a form which is complementary to the projection or the recess. 22. A solar generator unfolding system according to claim 20, wherein the linear operating device is part of a hold-down and release system for unfolding a solar generator unit. 23. A solar generator unfolding system according to claim 22, wherein the nut is connected to a support structure of the solar generator unit, and wherein the spindle is connected with an outermost panel element of the solar generator unit. 24. A solar generator unfolding system according to claim 23, wherein the spindle is arranged inside a first mounting which is tiltable relative to the outermost panel element of the solar generator unit, and wherein the nut is arranged in a second mounting which is tiltable relative to the support structure. 25. The device according to claim 17, wherein said spindle is connected to a mechanism to be separated from the linear operating device. 26. Method of making a linear operating device comprising: providing an assembly for converting a rotational motion to a translational motion, providing a rotating drive, a nut and a spindle for the assembly, rotatably attaching the nut to the spindle so that the spindle acts in conjunction with the nut, rotatably fixing the rotating drive unit to the nut; and providing by means of said rotating drive unit a torsional force to the nut in order to completely separate the spindle from the nut and the rotating drive unit. 27. A method according to claim 26, wherein the nut has an operative connection with the spindle via rolling bodies. 28. The method according to claim 26, wherein said spindle is connected to a mechanism to be separated from the linear operating device. 29. A linear drive having an assembly for converting a rotational motion to a translational motion, said assembly comprising: a spindle, a nut rotatably connected to the spindle, and a rotating drive unit connected fixed to the nut and operatively supplying a torsional force to the nut, wherein the drive unit rotates the nut, and the nut linearly moves the spindle, the spindle being completely detached from the nut by said torsional force. 30. A linear operating device according to claim 29, wherein a second rotating drive unit is provided which exerts a force in an axial direction of the spindle on an area of the spindle that is operatively connected to the nut thereby rotating the nut. 31. The device according to claim 29, wherein said spindle is connected to a mechanism to be separated from the linear operating device. 