An artificial vision system including a sealed capsule adapted for intraocular placement upstream of a retina, an electronic display located within the sealed capsule and focusing optics located within the sealed capsule and arranged for focusing an image on the electronic display onto the retina.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An artificial vision system comprising: a sealed capsule sized and configured for intraocular placement upstream of a retina, said sealed capsule including therein: an internal imaging device, sized and configured for intraocular placement, operative to view a scene; a transmitter, sized and configured for intraocular placement, operative for transmitting image information regarding said scene from said internal imaging device to electronic circuitry within said sealed capsule; an electronic display operative to display an image based on signals received from said electronic circuitry which represent said image information received from said transmitter; and focusing optics arranged for focusing an image on said electronic display onto the retina. 2. An artificial vision system according to claim 1 and wherein said electronic display comprises an LCD display. 3. An artificial vision system according to claim 1 and also comprising electronic circuitry located within said sealed capsule for operating said electronic display, said electronic circuitry being located outside an optical path defined between said electronic display and said focusing optics. 4. An artificial vision system according to claim 3 and wherein said electronic circuitry comprises a wireless data receiver operative to receive image data for display on said electronic display. 5. An artificial vision system according to claim 3 and wherein said electronic circuitry comprises a wireless energy receiver for wirelessly receiving electrical energy for operating said electronic display. 6. An artificial vision system according to claim 4 and also comprising wireless image transmission functionality operative to transmit said image data to said wireless data receiver. 7. An artificial vision system according to claim 6 and wherein said wireless image transmission functionality includes at least one of RF and IR image transmission functionality. 8. An artificial vision system according to claim 3 and wherein said electronic circuitry comprises an electrical power source for providing electrical energy for operating said electronic display. 9. An artificial vision system according to claim 8 and wherein said power source for providing electrical energy for operating said electronic display is a rechargeable power source. 10. An artificial vision system according to claim 8 and wherein said power source for providing electrical energy for operating said electronic display is a wirelessly rechargeable power source. 11. An artificial vision system according to claim 9 and wherein said power source for providing electrical energy for operating said electronic display is rechargeable using at least one of ultrasonic, electromagnetic and photovoltaic power source. 12. An artificial vision system according to claim 1 and also comprising an image acquirer for acquiring an image to be displayed on said electronic display. 13. An artificial vision system according to claim 12 and wherein said image acquirer is mounted onto eyeglasses. 14. An artificial vision system according to claim 1 and wherein said focusing optics comprises a single lens. 15. An artificial vision system according to claim 1 and wherein said focusing optics comprises multiple lenses. 16. An intraocular vision system according to claim 1 and also comprising: a telescope body defining an optical path for light to pass therethrough; at least one first lens and at least one second lens enclosed in said telescope body; positioning means, for positioning at least one of said lenses along its optical axis relative to another at least one of said lenses, operative to focus images of objects located at multiple distances onto the internal imaging device; and mounting structure connected to said telescope body for mounting said implant in an eye. 17. A method for providing artificial vision comprising: implanting a sealed capsule in a user's eye upstream of a retina, said sealed capsule incorporating an internal imaging device, sized and configured for intraocular placement, a transmitter, sized and configured for intraocular placement, an electronic display and focusing optics for focusing an image on said electronic display onto the retina; acquiring image data via said internal imaging device; and transmitting said image data to said electronic display for display thereon. 18. A method for providing artificial vision according to claim 17 and wherein said transmitting comprises wireless transmission to electronic circuitry located within said sealed capsule for operating said electronic display. 19. A method for providing artificial vision according to claim 17 and also comprising: wirelessly transmitting electrical energy for operating said electronic display to a location inside said capsule. 