A guardrail comprising a rail and an electronic display mounted on the rail. The display may be integrated with a bar code or RFID reader and a voice-recognition module.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A guardrail comprising a rail having a concave section and an electronic display mounted on the rail in the concave section, inset a protective distance into the rail, information on the display comprising computer controllable messages including the written equivalents of a word or words of a spoken language the rail being formed with a cross section curving in the sequence convex, said concave section, convex; the display being mounted in the rail for angular adjustment relative to the rail, the angular adjustment being about in the range from 2 to 22 degrees. 2. A guardrail as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a bar code scanner and/or a radio frequency identification device scanner for transmitting information to a computer connected with said display. 3. A guardrail as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a voice-recognition module for transmitting information to a computer connected with said display. 4. A guardrail as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a DC solar power supply for the display. 5. A guardrail as claimed in claim 1, wherein (a) said rail is formed with upper and lower laterally elongated convex sections each having a front, and said concave section is between said convex sections, and (b) said electronic display includes a face recessed into the rail said protective distance from said front of the convex sections, said face electronically displaying said messages. 6. The guardrail of claim 1 further comprising a mounting bracket at an end of the rail for mounting the rail onto a post. 7. The guardrail of claim 1 further comprising mounting brackets at opposed ends of the rail, said mounting brackets fastening the rail to posts. 8. The guardrail of claim 1 wherein the electronic display includes LEDs (light emitting diodes). 9. The guardrail of claim 1 wherein the electronic display comprises a scrolling message sign. 10. The guardrail of claim 1 wherein said message is commanded by a computer connected with said display via wire or wirelessly. 