In a hydrocarbon production well, a control processor 32 selectively sends light to each of one or more gas lift valves 28 to cause injection of an injection fluid (such as nitrogen gas) from a pressurised annulus 22 into a production fluid (hydrocarbon) in production 18 tubing, and/or to each of one or more inlet valves 60, to control the rate of flow of the hydrocarbon (oil). The control processor 32 receives feedback data from sensors 48 54 50 66 near to each gas lift 28 or inlet 60 valve and otherwise provided in the well bore which measure pressure, temperature or flow rate. The sensors communicate by sensor fibre optic lines 42 which run in the well bore 10. The control processor 32 sends control signals by operating a laser light source to selectively to send laser light to each valve 28 60 through valve operating light fibres 36 which also run through the well bore 10. The valves 28 60 derive their motive power from the laser light using a photovoltaic cell array 58 which drives an actuator 68 which can be piezo electric, an electric motor or solenoid.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A valve system for use in a wellbore, comprising: an optical fiber extending into a wellbore, the optical fiber adapted to transmit light at varying intensities; a valve having a variable orifice that has at least one setting between an open and a closed position; the optical fiber functionally connected to the valve; and wherein the valve is activated by the light and the setting of the variable orifice is controlled by the intensity of the light. 2. The valve system of claim 1, wherein the valve comprises a gas lift valve. 3. The valve system of claim 1, wherein the valve comprises a tubing valve. 4. The valve system of claim 1, wherein the valve comprises a photovoltaic converter for receiving the light and for converting the light into motive power for the variable orifice. 5. The valve system of claim 4, wherein output from the photovoltaic converter is coupled to one or more piezo electric devices, operative to provide displacement when activated. 6. The valve system of claim 4, wherein output from the photovoltaic converter is coupled to an electric motor, coupled to operate the variable orifice. 7. The valve system of claim 4, wherein output from the photovoltaic converter is coupled to a solenoid, coupled to operate the variable orifice. 8. The valve system of claim 1, wherein the variable orifice has a plurality of settings between an open and a closed position. 9. A system for controlling the flow of fluid in a wellbore, comprising: a gas lift valve having a variable orifice with at least one setting between an open and a closed setting, the gas lift valve being deployed in a wellbore and being adapted to influence the flow of fluid in the wellbore; an optical fiber functionally connected to the gas lift valve; a control unit functionally connected to the optical fiber to transmit light through the optical fiber and to the gas lift valve; the gas lift valve being activated and controlled by the light transmitted through the fiber, the setting of the variable orifice being controlled by the intensity of the light; a monitoring unit operative to measure one or more parameters at one or more locations within the wellbore; and the control unit functionally connected to the monitoring unit and to the gas lift valve, wherein the gas lift valve is activated and controlled by the control unit depending on output received from the monitoring unit. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the control unit comprises a laser light source to transmit the light through the optical fiber. 11. The system of claim 9, wherein the gas lift valve comprises a photovoltaic converter for receiving the light and for converting the light into motive power for the variable orifice. 12. The system of claim 9, wherein the control unit is functionally connected to the monitoring unit through an additional optical fiber. 13. The system of claim 9, wherein the one or more parameters comprises pressure. 14. The system of claim 9, wherein the one or more parameters comprises temperature. 15. The system of claim 9, wherein the one or more parameters comprises flow rate. 16. The system of claim 9, wherein the gas lift valve controls the injection of an additional fluid into a tubing. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the injection of the additional fluid into the tubing aids in extracting the fluid from the wellbore. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein the additional fluid comprises a gas. 19. The system of claim 16, wherein the additional fluid comprises a corrosion preventative. 20. The system of claim 16, wherein the additional fluid comprises a flushing fluid. 21. The system of claim 16, wherein the additional fluid comprises a diluent fluid. 22. The system of claim 16, wherein the control unit is functionally connected to an injection plant that injects the additional fluid into the tubing and wherein the control unit controls the conditions under which the additional fluid is injected into the tubing. 23. The system of claim 22, wherein the control unit controls the conditions under which the additional fluid is injected into the tubing depending on output received from the monitoring unit. 24. The system of claim 9, further comprising: a plurality of gas lift valves deployed in the wellbore adapted to influence the flow of fluid in the wellbore; a control unit functionally connected to the gas lift valves through at least one optical fiber and adapted to transmit light through the at least one optical fiber and to the gas lift valves; the gas lift valves being activated and controlled by the light transmitted through the fiber; the control unit functionally connected to the monitoring unit and to the gas lift valves, wherein the gas lift valves are activated and controlled by the control unit depending on output received from the monitoring unit. 25. The system of claim 24, further comprising: a plurality of monitoring units; each monitoring unit functionally connected to the control unit; and wherein the gas lift valves are activated and controlled by the control unit depending on output from received from the monitoring units. 26. The system of claim 9, further comprising: at least one tubing valve functionally connected to the control unit; and wherein the at least one tubing valve is activated by the control unit depending on output from the monitoring unit. 27. The system of claim 26, wherein the at least one tubing valve is placed between a production tubing and a production liner. 28. The system of claim 26, wherein the at least one tubing valve is functionally connected to the control unit via an optical fiber. 29. A system for controlling the flow of fluid in a wellbore, comprising: a gas lift valve deployed in a wellbore adapted to influence the flow of fluid in the wellbore; an optical fiber functionally connected to the gas lift valve; a control unit functionally connected to the optical fiber to transmit light through the optical fiber and to the gas lift valve; the gas lift valve being activated and controlled by the light transmitted through the fiber, the gas lift valve comprising a photovoltaic converter for receiving the light and for converting the light into motive power for the variable orifice; a monitoring unit operative to measure one or more parameters at one or more locations within the wellbore; and the control unit functionally connected to the monitoring unit and to the gas lift valve, wherein the gas lift valve is activated and controlled by the control unit depending on output received from the monitoring unit, wherein output from the photovoltaic converter is coupled to one or more piezo electric devices, operative to provide displacement when activated. 30. A system for controlling the flow of fluid in a wellbore, comprising: a gas lift valve deployed in a wellbore adapted to influence the flow of fluid in the wellbore; an optical fiber functionally connected to the gas lift valve; a control unit functionally connected to the optical fiber to transmit light through the optical fiber and to the gas lift valve; the gas lift valve being activated and controlled by the light transmitted through the fiber, the gas lift valve comprising a photovoltaic converter for receiving the light and for converting the light into motive power for the variable orifice; a monitoring unit operative to measure one or more parameters at one or more locations within the wellbore; and the control unit functionally connected to the monitoring unit and to the gas lift valve, wherein the gas lift valve is activated and controlled by the control unit depending on output received from the monitoring unit, wherein output from the photovoltaic converter is coupled to an electric motor, coupled to operate the gas lift valve. 31. A system for controlling the flow of fluid in a wellbore, comprising: a gas lift valve deployed in a wellbore adapted to influence the flow of fluid in the wellbore; an optical fiber functionally connected to the gas lift valve; a control unit functionally connected to the optical fiber to transmit light through the optical fiber and to the gas lift valve; the gas lift valve being activated and controlled by the light transmitted through the fiber, the gas lift valve comprising a photovoltaic converter for receiving the light and for converting the light into motive power for the variable orifice; a monitoring unit operative to measure one or more parameters at one or more locations within the wellbore; and the control unit functionally connected to the monitoring unit and to the gas lift valve, wherein the gas lift valve is activated and controlled by the control unit depending on output received from the monitoring unit, wherein output from the photovoltaic converter is coupled to a solenoid, coupled to operate the gas lift valve. 32. A method for controlling the flow of fluid in a wellbore, comprising: influencing the flow of fluid in a wellbore by deploying a gas lift valve in the wellbore; functionally connecting the gas lift valve and a control unit to an optical fiber; transmitting light from the control unit through the optical fiber and to the gas lift valve; measuring one or more parameters with a monitoring unit at one or more locations within the wellbore; transmitting output from the monitoring unit to the control unit; and activating and controlling the gas lift valve to adjust the gas lift valve to a position selected from at least three possible positions, the movement of the gas lift valve depending on the output received by the control unit from the monitoring unit and being in response to the light transmitted by the control unit through the fiber. 33. The method of claim 32, further comprising receiving the light in a photovoltaic converter and converting the light into motive power for the gas lift valve. 34. The method of claim 32, wherein the one or more parameters comprises pressure. 35. The method of claim 32, wherein the one or more parameters comprises temperature. 36. The method of claim 32, wherein the one or more parameters comprises flow rate. 37. The method of claim 32, further comprising controlling the injection of an additional fluid into a tubing by use of the gas lift valve. 38. The method of claim 37, wherein the injection of the additional fluid into the tubing aids in extracting the fluid from the wellbore. 39. The method of claim 37, wherein the additional fluid comprises a gas. 40. The method of claim 37, wherein the additional fluid comprises a corrosion preventative. 41. The method of claim 37, wherein the additional fluid comprises a flushing fluid. 42. The method of claim 37, wherein the additional fluid comprises a diluent fluid. 43. The method of claim 37, further comprising functionally connecting the control unit to an injection plant that injects the additional fluid into the tubing and controlling the conditions under which the additional fluid is injected into the tubing by use of the control unit. 44. The method of claim 43, further comprising controlling the conditions under which the additional fluid is injected into the tubing depending on output received by the control unit from the monitoring unit. 45. The method of claim 32, further comprising: deploying a plurality of gas lift valves in the wellbore adapted to influence the flow of fluid in the wellbore; functionally connecting the control unit to the gas lift valves through at least one optical fiber; transmitting light from the control unit through the at least one optical fiber and to the gas lift valves; activating and controlling the gas lift valves depending on the output received by the control unit from the monitoring unit and in response to the light transmitted by the control unit through the fiber. 46. The method of claim 45, further comprising: functionally connecting a plurality of monitoring units to the control unit; activating and controlling the gas lift valves depending on the output received by the control unit from the monitoring units and in response to the light transmitted by the control unit through the fiber. 47. The method of claim 32, further comprising: functionally connecting at least one tubing valve to the control unit; and activating the at least one tubing valve depending on output from the monitoring unit. 48. The method of claim 47, further comprising deploying the at least one tubing valve between a production tubing and a production liner. 49. The method of claim 47, further comprising functionally connecting the at least one tubing valve to the control unit via an optical fiber. 