An overbed table configured to support a table section above a patient support surface, such as a hospital bed. The overbed table includes a frame having a base and a substantially vertical support column for supporting the table section. In one illustrative embodiment, a display device is supported by the overbed table. In a further illustrative embodiment, a camera is supported by the overbed table.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An overbed table comprising: a frame; a first table section coupled to said frame; a second table section coupled to said frame in vertical spaced relation to said first table section; and a display screen coupled to at least one of said first table section and said second table section and configured to move between a storage position and a use position, wherein said display screen is concealed by one of said first table section and said second table section in said storage position. 2. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein at least one of said first table section and said second table section is configured to move in a substantially horizontal plane with respect to the other of said second table section and said first table section. 3. The overbed table of claim 2, wherein said second table section is coupled to said first table section such that movement of said second table section results in sliding movement of said first table section. 4. The overbed table of claim 1, further comprising a support positioned in vertical spaced relation to said first table section, said support configured to move relative to said first table section within a substantially horizontal plane. 5. The overbed table of claim 4, wherein said support comprises an arm including at least one handle. 6. The overbed table of claim 5, wherein said arm includes first and second handles, and said display screen is supported intermediate said first and second handles. 7. The overbed table of claim 4, wherein said support is pivotably connected to said first table section. 8. The overbed table of claim 4, wherein said display screen is coupled to said support for pivoting movement about a substantially horizontal first axis. 9. The overbed table of claim 8, wherein said display screen is coupled to said support for pivoting movement about a second axis extending substantially perpendicular to said first axis. 10. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein said display screen is located intermediate said first and second table sections in said storage position and extends above said first table section in said use position. 11. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein said display screen comprises a flat panel monitor. 12. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein said display screen comprises a reflective mirror. 13. The overbed table of claim 1, further comprising a camera supported proximate said display screen. 14. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein said first table section is supported by said frame for movement between a generally vertical position and a generally horizontal position. 15. The overbed table of claim 14, wherein said second table section is releasably coupled to said first table section and said frame permits movement of said first table section between a generally vertical position and a generally horizontal position independently of said second table section. 16. The overbed table of claim 15, wherein said first table section is supported by said frame by an inner member provided on one of said frame and said first table section and an outer member provided on the other of said frame and said first table section, said inner member extending rotatably and slidably through said outer member to permit sliding movement and pivoting movement of said first table section with respect to said frame. 17. The overbed table of claim 14, further comprising a rest supported by one of said frame and said first table section, said rest configured to support said first table section in said generally horizontal position. 18. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein said frame includes a telescoping support column including an outer column portion and an inner column portion, the telescoping support column supporting said first and second table sections, and a base coupled to the telescoping support column. 19. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein said second table section is coupled to said first table section by a first pivotal coupling between said first and second table sections. 20. The overbed table of claim 19, wherein said first pivotal coupling includes a first bearing provided on one of said first and second table sections and a bearing race provided on said other of said first and second table sections, said first bearing engaging said bearing race to permit pivoting of said second table section about a first axis with respect to said first table section. 21. The overbed table of claim 1, further comprising a processor in communication with said display screen. 22. The overbed table of claim 1, further comprising a connector supported by said frame and configured to operably connect with a bed frame for placing the display screen in communication with a processor. 23. The overbed table of claim 1 further comprising a camera supported by said frame and configured to be directed toward the head end of a patient support surface. 24. The overbed table of claim 23, wherein said display screen includes a viewable surface configured to be directed toward the head end of the patient support surface. 25. The overbed table of claim 24, wherein said camera is supported by said display screen. 26. The overbed table of claim 24, further comprising a support configured to move relative to one of said first table section and said second table section within a substantially horizontal plane, said display screen being coupled to said support and configured to move between a storage position and a use position. 27. The overbed table of claim 23, further comprising a processor supported by said frame and in communication with said camera. 28. The overbed table of claim 23, further comprising a connector supported by said frame and configured to operably connect with a bed frame for placing the camera in communication with a remote processor. 29. The overbed table of claim 23, further comprising at least one solar cell supported by said frame and operably connected to said camera. 30. The overbed table of claim 29, wherein said at least one solar cell is alignable with a light source connected to the patient support surface. 31. The overbed table of claim 1 wherein said display screen comprises a display device supported by said frame and coupled to a power source, said display device including first and second sides, and a viewable surface supported by said first side and configured to be directed toward a head end of a patient support surface. 32. The overbed table of claim 31, further comprising a camera supported by said frame and configured to be directed toward the head end of the patient support. 33. The overbed table of claim 32, wherein said camera is in communication with said display device to define an electronic mirror. 34. The overbed table of claim 32, wherein said camera is supported by said display device. 35. The overbed table of claim 31, further comprising a support configured to move relative to one of said first table section and second table section within a substantially horizontal plane, said display screen device being coupled to said support and configured to move between a storage position and a use position. 36. The overbed table of claim 31, further comprising a processor supported by said frame and in communication with said display device. 37. The overbed table of claim 31, further comprising a connector supported by said frame and configured to operably connect with a bed frame for placing the display device in communication with a remote processor. 38. The overbed table of claim 31, further comprising at least one solar cell supported by said frame and operably connected to said display device. 39. The overbed table of claim 38, wherein said at least one solar cell is alignable with a light source connected to the patient support surface. 40. The overbed table of claim 31, further comprising a reflective mirror supported by said second side of said display device. 41. The overbed table of claim 4, wherein said support is coupled to said at least one of said first table section and second table section through said support. 42. An overbed table comprising: a frame; a first table section coupled to said frame; a second table section coupled to said frame in vertical spaced relation to said first table section, at least one of said first table section and said second table section configured to move in a substantially horizontal plane with respect to the other of said second table section and said first table section, said second table section coupled to said first table section such that movement of said second table section results in sliding movement of said first table section; and a display screen coupled to at least one of said first table section and said second table section and configured to move between a storage position and a use position. 43. An overbed table comprising: a frame; a first table section coupled to said frame; a second table section coupled to said frame in vertical spaced relation to said first table section; a support positioned in vertical spaced relation to said first table section, said support configured to move relative to said first table section within a substantially horizontal plane; and a display screen coupled to at least one of said first table section and said second table section and configured to move between a storage position and a use position, said display screen coupled to said support for pivoting movement about a substantially horizontal first axis and about a second axis extending substantially perpendicular to said first axis. 44. An overbed table comprising: a frame; a first table section coupled to said frame; a second table section coupled to said frame in vertical spaced relation to said first table section, wherein said first table section is supported by said frame for movement between a generally vertical position and a generally horizontal position, said second table section releasably coupled to said first table section and said frame permits movement of said first table section between a generally vertical position and a generally horizontal position independently of said second table section, wherein said first table section is supported by said frame by an inner member provided on one of said frame and said first table section and an outer member provided on the other of said frame and said first table section, said inner member extending rotatably and slidably through said outer member to permit sliding movement and pivoting movement of said first table section with respect to said frame; and a display screen coupled to at least one of said first table section and said second table section and configured to move between a storage position and a use position. 45. An overbed table comprising: a frame; a first table section coupled to said frame; a second table section coupled to said frame in vertical spaced relation to said first table section, said second table section coupled to said first table section by a first pivotal coupling between said first and second table sections, wherein said first pivotal coupling includes a first bearing provided on one of said first and second table sections and a bearing race provided on said other of said first and second table sections, said first bearing engaging said bearing race to permit pivoting of said second table section about a first axis with respect to said first table section; and a display screen coupled to at least one of said first table section and said second table section and configured to move between a storage position and a use position. 46. The overbed table of claim 45, wherein said second table section is coupled to said frame by a second pivotal coupling between said second table section and said frame. 47. The overbed table of claim 46, wherein said second pivotal coupling includes a trunnion provided on one of said frame and said second table section and a recess provided on the other of said frame and said second table section for receiving said trunnion to permit pivoting of said second table section about a second axis with respect to said first table section, said second axis being spaced from said first axis. 48. The overbed table of claim 47, wherein said display screen is coupled to said first table section by a third pivotal coupling connected to said first table section. 49. An overbed table comprising: a frame; a first table section coupled to said frame; a second table section coupled to said frame in vertical spaced relation to said first table section; and a display screen coupled to at least one of said first table section and said second table section and configured to move between a storage position and a use position wherein said display screen is located between said first table section and said second table section in said storage position. 