A medication reminder apparatus, comprising a parallelepiped case with an electric clock, a processor within the case communicating with the clock, an electronic punch card reader within the case communicating with the processor, a punch card with columns, each column comprising a medication identification and a corresponding number of punch holes, each punch hole read by the punch card reader, reminder tabs caused to release by a motor controlled by the processor whereby a user is reminded what medications to take when.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A medication reminder apparatus, the apparatus comprising: a parallelepiped case; an electric clock within the case; a processor within the case, the processor communicating with the clock; an electronic punch card reader within the case, the punch card reader communicating with the processor; at least one punch card; at least two columns on the punch card, each column comprising: a medication identification; at least one punch hole in the column below the identification, each punch hole read by the punch card reader; a card slot within the case for card access to the punch card reader; a thumb print recognition pad, the pad communicating with the processor; powering means for the apparatus; reminder means for signaling the punch card readings, the reminder means on an outside of the case, whereby a user is reminded of which medications are to be taken when. 2. The invention in claim 1 wherein the clock is labeled with the 24 hours in a day. 3. The invention in claim 2 wherein the powering means for the apparatus is standard electric outlet voltage. 4. The invention in claim 2 wherein the powering means for the apparatus is a replaceable battery. 5. The invention in claim 2 wherein the powering means for the apparatus is solar power. 6. The invention in claim 3 wherein at least two medication wells are disposed on a top of the case, the wells for containing typical medicine bottles. 7. The invention in claim 4 wherein at least two medication wells are disposed on a top of the case, the wells for containing typical medicine bottles. 8. The invention in claim 5 wherein at least two medication wells are disposed on a top of the case, the wells for containing typical medicine bottles. 9. A medication reminder apparatus, the apparatus comprising: a parallelepiped case; an electric clock within the case; a processor within the case, the processor communicating with the clock; an electronic punch card reader within the case, the punch card reader communicating with the processor; at least one punch card; at least two columns on the punch card, each column comprising: a medication identification; at least one punch hole in the column below the identification, each punch hole read by the punch card reader; a card slot within the case for card access to the punch card reader; a thumb print recognition pad, the pad communicating with the processor; electrical powering means for the apparatus; reminder tabs disposed on the exterior of the case, the reminder tabs for reminding a user which medications to take when; a tab pivot pivotally mounting each reminder tabs to the case, each tab pivot corresponding to a medication identification on the punch card, whereby each tab pivots downwardly when dictated by the punch card via the processor, thereby reminding a user of which medications are to be taken when. 10. The invention in claim 9 wherein the tabs are disposed on a side of the case. 11. The invention in claim 10 wherein each reminder tab further comprises a tab face, the tab face visible when the tab is pivoted downward; a label on the tab face, the label corresponding to a medication on the punch card, the label indicating how many tablets are to be taken. 12. The invention in claim 11 wherein at least two medication wells are disposed on a top of the case, the wells for containing typical medicine bottles, each well disposed above a corresponding tab. 13. A medication reminder apparatus, the apparatus comprising: a parallelepiped case; an electric clock within the case, the clock visible from an exterior of the case; a processor within the case, the processor communicating with the clock; an electronic punch card reader within the case, the punch card reader communicating with the processor; at least one punch card; at least four columns on the punch card, each column comprising: a medication identification, the identifications comprising one, two, three, and four; punch holes in each column below the identification, one punch hole in the one column, two punch holes in the two column, three punch holes in the three column, and four punch holes in the four column, the punch holes read by the punch card reader; a card slot within the case for card access to the punch card reader; an electric motor within the case, the electric motor communicating with the processor; a rack driven by the motor; a pinion driven by the rack; a camshaft in direct drive by the pinion; at least four lobes on the camshaft, the lobes comprising: a single lobe cam output; a dual lobe cam output; a triple lobe output; a quadruple lobe output; reminder tabs pivotally mounted on the exterior of the case, each tab corresponding to a medication identification on the punch card, the reminder tabs for reminding a user which medications to take when, the reminder tabs comprising: a 1 daily tab driven by the single lobe cam output; a 2 daily tab driven by the dual lobe cam output; a 3 daily tab driven by the three lobe cam output; a 4 daily tab driven by the four daily cam output; a thumb print recognition pad, the pad communicating with the processor; electrical powering means for the apparatus; whereby each tab pivots downwardly when dictated by the punch card via the processor and the motor, thereby reminding a user of which medications are to be taken when. 