An illumination device, including: a shell with a plurality of sides, where the device can be positioned upon a surface or attached or suspended at any of the plurality of sides; and at least one light-emitting device within the shell, where when the device is positioned upon a surface or attached or suspended at any of the plurality of sides of the shell, light from the at least one light-emitting device emits through each of the plurality of sides of the shell. The device is thus easy to deploy and use. Its design is compatible with outsourced manufacturing, allowing for cost savings. The device can be reused many times. The device can also emit light for many hours longer and has ruggedness that far exceeds conventional devices. The device can also be used where conventional devices and other lighting devices cannot, including underwater.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An illumination device, comprising: a shell comprising a plurality of sides, wherein the device can be positioned upon a surface or attached or suspended at any of the plurality of sides; at least one light-emitting device within the shell, wherein when the device is positioned upon a surface or attached or suspended at any of the plurality of sides of the shell, light from the at least one light-emitting device emits through each of the plurality of sides of the shell; an energy source within the shell; and at least one contact capable of forming an electrical connection between the energy source and a charger, wherein the charger comprises: a first arm and a second arm; a region coupling the first and second arms, wherein the region flexes when a first end of the first arm and a first end of the second arm are moved toward each other; a first contact at a second end of the first arm distal to the first end of the first arm; and a second contact at a second end of the second arm distal to the first end of the second arm, wherein the first and second contacts form the electrical connection between the charger and the energy source. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the charger further comprises: a first grip at the first end of the first arm; and a second grip at the first end of the second arm, wherein the first and second grips facilitate the moving of the first ends of the first and second arms toward each other. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein the charger further comprises: teeth at the second ends of the first and second arms for engaging pockets in the shell. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein the charger further comprises: a magnet functioning as a switch to turn the device on and off. 5. An illumination device, comprising: a shell comprising a plurality of sides, wherein the device can be positioned upon a surface or attached or suspended at any of the plurality of sides; at least one light-emitting device within the shell, wherein when the device is positioned upon a surface or attached or suspended at any of the plurality of sides of the shell, light from the at least one light-emitting device emits through each of the plurality of sides of the shell; and a communication port for transmitting a signal from the device and for receiving a signal from outside the device. 6. The device of claim 5, wherein the shell comprises a top half coupled to a bottom half. 7. The device of claim 6, wherein the top half and the bottom half are symmetrical. 8. The device of claim 5, wherein the shell comprises a plurality of primary ribs for providing rigidity. 9. The device of claim 8, wherein the shell further comprises a plurality of secondary ribs. 10. The device of claim 5, wherein the shell comprises a liquid or gel or solid material within the shell. 11. The device of claim 5, wherein the shell comprises at least one hole, wherein at least one electrical contact can reside within the at least one hole. 12. The device of claim 5, wherein the shell comprises at least one notch for engaging a charger, wherein at least one electrical contact can reside within the at least one notch. 13. The device of claim 12, wherein the device may automatically turn on when the device is disengaged from the charger. 14. The device of claim 5, wherein the shell comprises at least one notch or pocket for engaging a clip, wherein the shell can be positioned upon the surface or attached or suspended utilizing the clip. 15. The device of claim 5, further comprising a loop coupled to the shell, wherein the device can be suspended or attached or positioned utilizing the loop. 16. The device of claim 5, further comprising a circuit board within the shell, wherein the at least one light-emitting device is coupled to the circuit board. 17. The device of claim 5, further comprising an energy source within the shell. 18. The device of claim 17, wherein the energy source comprises one or more of the group consisting of: a non-rechargeable power source; a rechargeable power source; at least one solar cell; and an inductive power source. 19. The device of claim 17, further comprising at least one contact capable of forming an electrical connection between the energy source and a charger. 20. The device of claim 19, wherein the at least one contact comprises an indentation about its circumference, wherein an o-ring can reside within the indention. 21. The device of claim 19, wherein the charger comprises: a circuit board; at least one electrode; and a guide, wherein a notch in the shell engages the guide, wherein when the notch engages the guide, the at least one electrode forms the electrical connection between the circuit board and the energy source. 22. The device of claim 21, wherein the at least one electrode comprises a spring. 23. The device of claim 5, further comprising an energy source external to the shell. 24. The device of claim 5, wherein a signal programming a pattern of light emission is received by the device utilizing the communication port. 25. The device of claim 5, wherein a signal programming the device in synchronization or cooperation with other devices in a network is received or sent by the device utilizing the communication port. 26. The device of claim 5, wherein the device receives a signal at its communication port to turn on or off. 27. The device of claim 5, further comprising signal communication circuitry external to the device and coupled to the communication port. 28. The device of claim 5, further comprising an outer layer residing outside of the shell. 29. The device of claim 28, wherein the outer layer is coupled to the shell. 30. The device of claim 28, wherein the outer layer seals the shell. 31. The device of claim 28, wherein the outer layer comprises at least one window, wherein the at least one light-emitting device emits light through the at least one window. 32. The device of claim 28, wherein the light from the at least one light-emitting device emits light through an optically transmissive outer layer. 33. The device of claim 28, wherein the outer layer is formed by an injection mold process. 34. The device of claim 28, further comprising a loop coupled to the outer layer, wherein the device can be suspended or attached or positioned utilizing the loop. 35. The device of claim 5, wherein the at least one light-emitting device comprises one or more of the group consisting of: a light-emitting diode (LED); a laser source; a fluorescent tube; a strobe light; an incandescent bulb; a waveguide; and a surface light emitter. 36. The device of claim 5, further comprising a monitoring mechanism for adjusting an intensity of the at least one light-emitting device based upon an intensity of ambient light. 37. The device of claim 5, wherein the light comprises infrared light visible with night vision equipment. 38. The device of claim 5, wherein the device is utilized as a location or target marker. 39. The device of claim 5, wherein the device is utilized to illuminate an area surrounding the device. 40. The device of claim 5, wherein the device is utilized as a signal emitter. 41. The device of claim 5, wherein the device is utilized in traffic safety or control. 42. The device of claim 5, wherein the device is utilized as firefighter beacons. 43. The device of claim 5, wherein the device is utilized as a landing zone marker. 44. The device of claim 5, wherein the device is utilized underwater. 45. The device of claim 15, further comprising an outer layer coupled to outside of the shell, wherein the loop is coupled to the outer layer. 46. A power charger, comprising: a first arm and a second arm; a region coupling the first and second arms, wherein the region flexes when a first end of the first arm and a first end of the second arm are moved toward each other; a first contact at a second end of the first arm distal to the first end of the first arm; and a second contact at a second end of the second arm distal to the first end of the second arm, wherein the first and second contacts may form an electrical connection between a power source and an illumination device, wherein the illumination device comprises: a shell comprising a plurality of sides, wherein the illumination device can be positioned upon a surface or attached or suspended at any of the plurality of sides, and at least one light-emitting device within the shell, wherein when the illumination device is positioned upon a surface or attached or suspended at any of the plurality of sides of the shell, light from the at least one light-emitting device emits through each of the plurality of sides of the shell. 47. The charger of claim 46, wherein the charger further comprises; a first grip at the first end of the first arm; and a second grip at the first end of the second arm, wherein the first and second grips facilitate the moving of the first ends of the first and second arms toward each other. 48. The charger of claim 46, wherein the charger further comprises: teeth at the first ends of the first and second arms for engaging pockets in the shell. 49. The charger of claim 46, wherein the charger further comprises: a magnet functioning as a switch to turn the device on and off. 