The present invention is a method of and an apparatus for measuring resistances of at least one transformer winding (109) in configurations of connected transformers windings. The method is based on increasing driving power from the source of electrical energy (12, 102) until the current reaches a predetermined level, which is below the core saturation current level of the measured transformer or the measuring device current limit, and then controls the power of the source of the electrical energy to maintain predetermined current flowing through the at least one winding over a time period sufficient to cause a L di/dt contribution to a voltage drop across the at least one winding to decrease below a threshold level. The apparatus measures simultaneously the constant current flowing in the at least one winding and the voltage drop over the at least one winding after the predetermined time period has elapsed. The resistance of the at least one winding is calculated from the voltage drop over the at least one winding and the current flowing in the at least one winding.
Claims We claim: 1. A method for measuring resistance of at least one winding of a transformer utilizing a test current with a maximum test current less than either a core saturation current of a transformer whose at least one winding is having its resistance measured or a current limit of a source of electrical energy used for measuring of the resistance comprising: selecting at least one transformer winding for measurement of winding resistance of the at least one winding; connecting the at least one winding to the source of electrical energy; increasing driving power from the source of electrical energy applied to the at least one winding until current in the at least one winding provided from the source of electrical energy reaches a predetermined level which is below a core saturation current level of the transformer whose at least one winding is having its resistance measured or a current limit of the power source of electrical energy; controlling the power from the source of electrical energy applied to the at least one winding to maintain the predetermined current flowing through the at least one winding over a time period sufficient to cause a L di/dt contribution to a voltage drop across the at least one winding to decrease below a threshold level; and calculating the resistance of the at least one winding from a measured current flowing through the at least one winding and a voltage drop across the at least one winding which are measured after the time period. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the at least one winding is contained in a set of transformer windings connected in series to form a series winding resistance measuring configuration. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the terminals of the at least one winding is contained in a set of transformer windings connected in parallel to form a parallel winding resistance measuring configuration. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the at least one winding is contained in the set of transformer windings connected in series-parallel to form a series-parallel winding resistance measuring configuration. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the increasing driving power from the source of electrical energy is achieved by controlled increase of the output voltage of the source of electrical energy. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the increasing driving power from the source of electrical energy is achieved by controlled increase of the output current of the source of electrical energy. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the power of the source of the electrical energy is controlled to maintain the predetermined current flowing in the at least one winding over the time period is achieved automatically using a feedback loop. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein the feedback loop uses the measured current flowing in the at least one winding as an the input control parameter of a control of the power source of electrical energy. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein the at least one winding is a primary winding of the transformer. 10. The method of claim 8 wherein the at least one winding is a secondary winding of the transformer. 11. The method of claim 8 wherein the at least one winding is a winding that is a winding other than a primary or a secondary winding of the transformer. 12. The method of claim 7 wherein the feedback loop uses a measured voltage drop over the at least one winding as the input control parameter of a control of the power source of electrical energy. 13. The method of claim 1 wherein the power of the source of the electrical energy is controlled to achieve the predetermined current flowing in the at least one winding over the time period by a program supplied for testing the resistance of the at least one winding. 14. The method of claim 1 wherein a maximum variation in the predetermined current flowing in the at least one winding over the time period is less than a ratio of the predetermined current flowing in the at least one winding and T.sub.L wherein T.sub.L is a time period defined by the inductance of the at least one winding L divided by R where R is a measured resistance of the at least one winding. 15. The method of claim 1 wherein a maximum variation in the predetermined current flowing in the at least one winding the time period is less than 1/5of a ratio of the predetermined current flowing in the at least one winding and T.sub.L is a time period defined by wherein T.sub.L is the inductance of the at least one winding L divided by R where R is a measured resistance of the at least one winding. 16. The method of claim 1 wherein a maximum variation in the predetermined current flowing in the at least one winding over the time period is less than 1/10 of a ratio of the predetermined current flowing in the at least one winding and T.sub.L is a time period defined by wherein T.sub.L is the inductance of the at least one winding L divided by R where R is the measured resistance of the at least one winding. 17. The method of claim 1 wherein a maximum variation in the predetermined current flowing in the at least one winding over the time period is less than 1/100 of the ratio of a predetermined current flowing in the at least one winding and T.sub.L is a time period defined by wherein T.sub.L is the inductance of the at least one winding L divided by R where R is the measured resistance of the at least one winding. 18. A device for measuring resistance of at least one winding of a transformer utilizing test current signals with a maximum current lower than a core saturation current of the transformer whose at least one winding is having its resistance measured comprising: a power supply which, when attached to an external source of electrical energy, provides electrical power; a controllable power electronics, coupled to the power supply, that provides a predetermined test current with a maximum current lower than the core saturation current for connection to the at least one winding; a current monitor coupled to the controllable power electronics and for connection to the at least one winding that measures the current flowing in the at least one winding; and a voltage monitor for connection to the at least one winding that measures a voltage drop over the at least one winding; a control system, coupled to the power supply and to the power electronics that controls the controllable power electronics to generate the predetermined test current according to a predetermined test current value wherein the predetermined test current flows through the at least one winding over a time period sufficient to cause a L di/dt contribution to a voltage drop across the at least one winding to decrease below a threshold level. 19. The device of claim 18 wherein the external source of electrical energy is the electrical power grid. 20. The device of claim 18 wherein the external source of electrical energy is an electrical energy storage system not connected to an electrical power grid. 21. The device of claim 18 wherein the external source of electrical energy is a generator driven system not connected to an electrical power grid. 22. The device of claim 18 wherein the external source of electrical energy is a fuel cell driven system not connected to an electrical power grid. 23. The device of claim 18 wherein the external source of electrical energy is a photovoltaic source driven system. 24. The device of claim 18 wherein the control system configures an analog feedback loop controlled by current flowing in the at least one winding which is measured by the current monitor. 25. The device of claim 18 wherein the control system contains an analog feedback loop controlled by a voltage drop over the at least one winding, measured by a voltage monitor. 26. The device of claim 18 wherein the control system contains an analog feedback loop controlled by the rate of change of the voltage drop over the at least one winding, measured by the voltage monitor. 27. The device of claim 18 wherein the control system also calculates, stores, and communicates a measured resistance of at least one winding under test. 28. The device of claim 18 wherein the control system also provides interfacing with the device users. 29. The device of claim 18 wherein the control system contains at least one programmable system that stores predetermined test parameters, measured current flowing in a resistance measuring configuration of the at least one winding and a voltage drop across the resistance measuring configuration, controls the controllable power electronics, calculates and stores to the resistance value of the at least one winding under test, and provides an interface with the device users of the devices. 30. The device of claim 29 wherein the programmable system is a microprocessor. 31. The device of claim 29 wherein the programmable system is an Application Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC). 32. The device of claim 29 where the programmable system is a Digital Signal Processor (DSP). 33. The device of claim 29 wherein the programmable system is a Programmable Logic Device (PLD). 34. The device of claim 29 where the programmable system is a microcontroller. 