A food cooking container, with means for monitoring the operating temperature thereof, comprises, in the handle support (3) and/or in the handle (2) of the container, temperature monitoring and indicating means for monitoring and indicating a preset operating temperature of the container.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A food cooking container, comprising: a) a handle structure for the container; and b) operating temperature monitoring and indicating means in the handle structure, for monitoring an operating temperature and for indicating a preset operating temperature of the container, the temperature monitoring and indicating means including a temperature sensor operatively coupled to a control device which is, in turn, operatively coupled to an electric battery, the control device including a microprocessor and a memory for storing actuating temperatures for actuating the temperature monitoring and indicating means. 2. The container according to claim 1, in that the temperature monitoring and indicating means comprise a pilot light. 3. The container according to claim 1, in that the temperature monitoring and indicating means comprise an acoustic indicating means. 4. The container according to claim 1, in that the electric battery comprises a photovoltaic rechargeable microcell. 5. The container according to claim 1, in that the temperature sensor comprises a thermostatic switch. 6. The container according to claim 5, in that the control device comprises an amplifier for amplifying a signal provided by the thermostatic switch. 7. The container according to claim 1, in that the temperature monitoring and indicating means are enclosed is a sealed mounting body, which is insensitive to the operating temperature of the container and is sealed with respect to moisture or liquids. 8. The container according to claim 1, wherein the handle structure includes a handle and a tubular support, and wherein the temperature monitoring and indicating means is mounted in one of the handle and the support. 9. A food cooking container, comprising: a) a handle structure for the container; and b) operating temperature monitoring and indicating means in the handle structure, for monitoring an operating temperature and for indicating a preset operating temperature of the container, the temperature monitoring and indicating means including a temperature sensor operatively coupled to a control device which is, in turn, operatively coupled to an electric battery, the control device including a microprocessor and a program memory for storing a program for processing the operating temperature sensed by the temperature sensor, and the operating temperature being compared with a rated temperature preset for the container and stored in a non-volatile memory. 10. A food cooking container, comprising: a) a handle structure for the container; and b) operating temperature monitoring and indicating means in the handle structure, for monitoring an operating temperature and for indicating a preset operating temperature of the container, the temperature monitoring and indicating means including a temperature sensor operatively coupled to a control device which is, in turn, operatively coupled to an electric battery, the temperature monitoring and indicating means including a pilot light and an acoustic signal emitter; in that, in the control device, a first temperature limit value of substantially 200.degree. C. is stored; and in that, as the first temperature limit value is achieved, the pilot light is actuated; and in that the control device further stores a second temperature limit value of about 300.degree. C. which, as it is achieved, causes the acoustic signal emitter to be actuated. 