Embodiments of the present invention provide a wireless appliance for monitoring a vehicle. The wireless appliance includes a microprocessor configured to select a vehicle-communication protocol of a host vehicle, and then communicate with the host vehicle through the vehicle-communication protocol. The appliance also includes a vehicle-communication circuit, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, which collects diagnostic data from the host vehicle using the vehicle-communication protocol. A GPS module, also in electrical communication with the microprocessor, generates location-based data. For transmitting these data, the appliance includes a first wireless transmitter operating on a terrestrial network and a second wireless transmitter operating on a satellite network. The microprocessor selects the first or second wireless transmitter for transmitting the diagnostic and location-based data.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A wireless appliance for monitoring a vehicle, comprising: (a) a microprocessor configured to select a vehicle-communication protocol used within a host vehicle and communicate with the host vehicle through the vehicle-communication protocol, wherein the vehicle-communication protocol is selected based on a vehicle type of the host vehicle; (b) a vehicle-communication circuit, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, configured to collect diagnostic data from the host vehicle using the vehicle-communication protocol; (c) a GPS module, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, configured to generate location-based data; (d) a first wireless transmitter operating on a terrestrial network and configured to receive and transmit data generated by the GPS module and collected by the vehicle-communication circuit; (e) a second wireless transmitter operating on a satellite network and configured to receive and transmit data generated by the GPS module and collected by the vehicle-communication circuit; and (f) a single chipset that comprises the GPS module and the first and second wireless transmitters, wherein the microprocessor is further configured to determine at least one of coverage associated with the terrestrial network and coverage associated with the satellite network, and wherein the microprocessor is further configured to select the first or second wireless transmitter to transmit the diagnostic and location-based data. 2. A wireless appliance for monitoring a vehicle, comprising: (a) a microprocessor configured to select a vehicle-communication protocol used within a host vehicle and communicate with the host vehicle through the vehicle-communication protocol, wherein the vehicle-communication protocol is selected based on a vehicle type of the host vehicle; (b) a vehicle-communication circuit, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, configured to collect diagnostic data from the host vehicle using the vehicle-communication protocol; (c) a first wireless transmitter operating on a terrestrial network and configured to receive and transmit data collected by the vehicle-communication circuit; (d) a second wireless transmitter operating on a satellite network and configured to receive and transmit data collected by the vehicle-communication circuit, wherein the microprocessor is further configured to select the first or second wireless transmitter to transmit the diagnostic data; and (e) a single chipset that comprises the first and second wireless transmitters. 3. The wireless appliance of claim 2, further comprising: (a) a GPS module, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, configured to generate location-based data, wherein the first wireless transmitter is further configured to receive and transmit data generated by the GPS module, wherein the second wireless transmitter is further configured to receive and transmit data generated by the GPS module, and wherein the microprocessor is further configured to select the first or second wireless transmitter to transmit the location-based data. 4. The wireless appliance of claim 3, further comprising: (a) a GPS antenna in electrical contact with the GPS module; (b) radio antennas in electrical contact with the respective first and second wireless transmitters; and (c) a single housing that houses the GPS antenna, the radio antennas, the microprocessor, the vehicle-communication circuit, the GPS module, and the first and second wireless transmitters. 5. The wireless appliance of claim 3, wherein the single chipset further comprises the GPS module. 6. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the microprocessor is further configured to determine at least one of coverage associated with the terrestrial network and coverage associated with the satellite network. 7. The wireless appliance of claim 6, wherein the first wireless transmitter is selected if coverage associated with the terrestrial network satisfies at least one sufficiency criterion. 8. The wireless appliance of claim 6, wherein the second wireless transmitter is selected if coverage associated with the terrestrial network does not satisfy at least one sufficiency criterion. 9. The wireless appliance of claim 6, wherein the microprocessor is further configured to analyze at least one of radio-frequency signal strengths associated with the terrestrial network and radio-frequency signal strengths associated with the satellite network. 10. The wireless appliance of claim 6, wherein the microprocessor is further configured to access at least one memory module including coverage information associated with at least one of the terrestrial network and the satellite network. 11. The wireless appliance of claim 10, wherein the coverage information is provided in a programmed table arranged to correlate vehicle-location information and coverage information. 12. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the first and second wireless transmitters are configured to at least in part simultaneously transmit data. 13. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the host vehicle is selected from a group comprising an automobile, truck, wheeled commercial equipment, medium-duty truck, heavy-duty truck, construction vehicle, power sport vehicle, collision repair vehicle, marine vehicle, and recreational vehicle. 14. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the wireless appliance is configured to query an engine control unit (ECU) of the vehicle. 15. The wireless appliance of claim 2, further comprising an internal battery. 16. The wireless appliance of claim 15, wherein the internal battery includes a solar cell. 17. The wireless appliance of claim 15, further comprising a power-conditioning circuit configured to be in electrical communication with the internal battery and a power source of the vehicle. 18. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein at least one of the first and second transmitters comprises a wireless modem. 19. The wireless appliance of claim 18, wherein the wireless modem utilizes an active antenna. 20. The wireless appliance of claim 18, further comprising a modem adaptor configured to interface the microprocessor and the wireless modem. 21. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the vehicle-communication circuit is configured to be interfaced with a diagnostic connector in the vehicle. 22. The wireless appliance of claim 21, wherein the wireless appliance is configured to receive power, at least in part, via the diagnostic connector. 23. The wireless appliance of claim 21, wherein the diagnostic connector is an OBD-II connector. 24. The wireless appliance of claim 21, wherein the diagnostic connector is a J1708 connector. 25. The wireless appliance of claim 21, wherein the wireless appliance is configured to be attached to the diagnostic connector via a wiring harness. 26. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the wireless appliance is configured to be interfaced with at least one sensor in the vehicle. 27. The wireless appliance of claim 26, wherein the at least one sensor comprises a tire pressure or temperature sensor. 28. The wireless appliance of claim 26, wherein the at least one sensor comprises an accelerometer. 29. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the wireless appliance is configured to be directly interfaced with an electrical system of the vehicle. 30. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the single chipset comprises an ASIC. 31. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the vehicle-communication circuit includes modules that each manage a vehicle-communication protocol. 32. The wireless appliance of claim 31, wherein a module in the vehicle-communication circuit comprises a circuit configured to support at least one of the J1850 PWM, J1850 VPWM, ISO 9141-2, CAN, Keyword 2000, and J1708 vehicle-communication protocols. 33. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the wireless appliance is configured to transmit data over at least one local wireless network. 34. The wireless appliance of claim 33, wherein the at least one local wireless network is a Bluetooth-based network. 35. The wireless appliance of claim 2, wherein the microprocessor is further configured to at least attempt communication using the first wireless transmitter before the second wireless transmitter. 36. A monitorable vehicle, comprising: (a) a vehicle including an on-board diagnostic system configured to query data relating to the vehicle; and (b) a wireless appliance, comprising, (i) a microprocessor configured to select a vehicle-communication protocol used within the vehicle and communicate with the vehicle through the vehicle-communication protocol, wherein the vehicle-communication protocol is selected based on a vehicle type of the host vehicle; (ii) a vehicle-communication circuit, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, configured to collect diagnostic data from the vehicle using the vehicle-communication protocol, wherein the vehicle-communication circuit is interfaced with the on-board diagnostic system; (iii) a first wireless transmitter operating on a terrestrial network and configured to receive and transmit data collected by the vehicle-communication circuit; (iv) a second wireless transmitter operating on a satellite network and configured to receive and transmit data collected by the vehicle-communication circuit, wherein the microprocessor is further configured to select the first or second wireless transmitter to transmit the diagnostic data; and (v) a single chipset that comprises the first and second wireless transmitters. 37. The monitorable vehicle of claim 36, wherein the vehicle is selected from a group comprising an automobile, truck, wheeled commercial equipment, medium-duty truck, heavy-duty truck, construction vehicle, power sport vehicle, collision repair vehicle, marine vehicle, and recreational vehicle. 38. The monitorable vehicle of claim 36, wherein the vehicle-communication circuit is interfaced with the on-board diagnostic system via a diagnostic connector. 39. The monitorable vehicle of claim 38, wherein the wireless appliance is attached to the diagnostic connector via a wiring harness. 40. The monitorable vehicle of claim 36, wherein the vehicle-communication circuit is directly interfaced with an electrical system of the vehicle. 41. The monitorable vehicle of claim 36, wherein the wireless appliance further comprises: (i) a GPS module, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, configured to generate location-based data, wherein the first wireless transmitter is further configured to receive and transmit data generated by the GPS module, wherein the second wireless transmitter is further configured to receive and transmit data generated by the GPS module, and wherein the microprocessor is further configured to select the first or second wireless transmitter to transmit the location-based data. 42. The monitorable vehicle of claim 41, wherein the wireless appliance further comprises: (i) a GPS antenna in electrical contact with the GPS module; (ii) radio antennas in electrical contact with the respective first and second wireless transmitters; and (iii) a single housing that houses the GPS antenna, the radio antennas, the microprocessor, the vehicle-communication circuit, the GPS module, and the first and second wireless transmitters. 43. A wireless appliance for monitoring a vehicle, comprising: (a) a microprocessor including firmware configured to select a vehicle-communication protocol used within a host vehicle and communicate with the host vehicle using the vehicle-communication protocol, wherein the vehicle-communication protocol is selected based on a vehicle type of the host vehicle; (b) a vehicle-communication circuit, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, configured to collect diagnostic data from the host vehicle using the vehicle-communication protocol, wherein the vehicle-communication circuit is configured to support multiple different vehicle-communication protocols; (c) a first wireless transmitter operating on a terrestrial network and configured to receive and transmit data collected by the vehicle-communication circuit; (d) a second wireless transmitter operating on a satellite network and configured to receive and transmit data collected by the vehicle-communication circuit, wherein the firmware is further configured to select the first or second wireless transmitter to transmit the diagnostic data, and wherein the firmware is further configured to at least attempt communication using the first wireless transmitter before the second wireless transmitter; and (e) a single chipset that comprises the first and second wireless transmitters. 44. The wireless appliance of claim 43, wherein the firmware is further configured to determine at least one of coverage associated with the terrestrial network and coverage associated with the satellite network. 45. The wireless appliance of claim 44, wherein the first wireless transmitter is selected if coverage associated with the terrestrial network satisfies at least one sufficiency criterion. 46. The wireless appliance of claim 44, wherein the second wireless transmitter is selected if coverage associated with the terrestrial network does not satisfy at least one sufficiency criterion. 47. The wireless appliance of claim 44, wherein the firmware is further configured to analyze at least one of radio-frequency signal strengths associated with the terrestrial network and radio-frequency signal strengths associated with the satellite network. 48. The wireless appliance of claim 44, wherein the firmware is further configured to access at least one memory module including coverage information associated with at least one of the terrestrial network and the satellite network. 49. The wireless appliance of claim 48, wherein the coverage information is provided in a programmed table arranged to correlate vehicle-location information and coverage information. 50. The wireless appliance of claim 43, wherein the first and second wireless transmitters are configured to at least in part simultaneously transmit data. 51. The wireless appliance of claim 43, further comprising: (a) a GPS module, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, configured to generate location-based data, wherein the first wireless transmitter is further configured to receive and transmit data generated by the GPS module, wherein the second wireless transmitter is further configured to receive and transmit data generated by the GPS module, and wherein the firmware is further configured to select the first or second wireless transmitter to transmit the location-based data. 52. A wireless appliance for monitoring a vehicle, comprising: (a) a microprocessor configured to select a vehicle-communication protocol used within a host vehicle and communicate with the host vehicle through the vehicle-communication protocol, wherein the vehicle-communication protocol is selected based on a vehicle type of the host vehicle; (b) a vehicle-communication circuit, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, configured to collect diagnostic data from the host vehicle using the vehicle-communication protocol; (c) a satellite modem operating on a satellite network and configured to receive and transmit data collected by the vehicle-communication circuit; (d) an antenna connected to the satellite modem; (e) a terrestrial modem operating on a terrestrial network and configured to receive and transmit data collected by the vehicle-communication circuit, wherein the microprocessor is further configured to select the satellite modem or terrestrial modem to transmit the diagnostic data, and wherein the microprocessor is further configured to at least attempt communication using the terrestrial modem before the satellite modem; and (f) a single chipset that comprises the satellite and terrestrial modems. 53. The wireless appliance of claim 52, further comprising: (a) a GPS module, in electrical communication with the microprocessor, configured to generate location-based data, wherein the satellite modem is further configured to receive and transmit data generated by the GPS module, wherein the terrestrial modem is further configured to receive and transmit data generated by the GPS module, and wherein the microprocessor is further configured to select the satellite modem or terrestrial modem to transmit the location-based data. 