The invention presented here relates to a device in a spacecraft comprising a carrier rocket, a satellite and a detachable adapter (4) for connecting a satellite to the carrier rocket, where the adapter (4) comprises a wall structure (14, 15) for supporting the satellite on the carrier rocket, and is fixed at its lower rim to the carrier rocket and is fixed at its upper rim to the satellite. The device is characterised in that the adapter (4) is divided essentially across the longitudinal direction of the spacecraft and that both of the adapter parts (12, 13) are detachably connected to each other. The invention comprises the said adapter design and a method for separating the invented device.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A spacecraft device, comprising: a first craft part; a second craft part comprising a payload to be released; and an adapter operative to connect the first craft part and the second craft part, the adapter comprising at least two adapter parts detachably connected to each other, the adapter parts each comprising a wall structure operative to support the second craft part on the first craft part, the adapter comprising a lower rim non-releasably fixed to the first craft part and an upper rim detachably connected to the second craft part wherein at least one of the at least two detachable adapter parts detaches from the remaining adapter part subsequent to detachment and release of the payload, and wherein at least one of the at least two detachable adapter parts comprises one or more internally mounted releasable payloads mounted on dedicated internal payload mounting positions. 2. The spacecraft device according to claim 1, wherein a first of the adapter parts is detachably connected to the second craft part. 3. The spacecraft device according to claim 1, wherein the adapter further comprises internally dedicated positions for equipment for space operation. 4. The spacecraft device according to claim 1, wherein the adapter comprises a truncated cone. 5. The spacecraft device according to claim 2, wherein the second craft part detaches from the first adapter part, after which the first adapter part is detached from the second adapter part. 6. An adapter operative to detachably join a first craft part of a spacecraft with a second craft part to be released, the adapter comprising: a wall structure operative to support the second craft part on the first craft part, the wall structure comprising a lower rim operative to be non-releasably fixed to the first craft part and an upper rim operative to be detachably connected to the second craft part, the rim wall structure comprising a first adapter part and a second adapter part detachably connected to the first adapter part, wherein one of the two adapter parts detaches from the remaining adapter part in consequence to the release of the second craft part and comprises one or more internally mounted payloads. 7. The adapter according to claim 6, wherein the first adapter part and the second adapter part extend in a longitudinal direction of the spacecraft different distances. 8. The adapter according to claim 6, wherein the first adapter part and the second adapter part extend in a longitudinal direction of the spacecraft substantially equal distances. 9. The adapter according to claim 6, wherein the adapter is divided into the first and second adapter parts in a plane perpendicular to a longitudinal direction of the spacecraft. 10. The adapter according to claim 6, wherein an angle of incline of the first adapter part is different than an angle of incline of the second adapter part. 11. The adapter according to claim 6, wherein at least a portion of the second adapter part is further adapted to operate as an independent satellite. 12. The adapter according to claim 6, wherein the first adapter part and the second adapter part each comprise a flange, the adapter further comprising: a clamp operative to engage the flanges and detachably connect the first adapter part to the second adapter part. 13. The adapter according to claim 12, wherein the clamp comprises a shoe operative to engage the flanges and a band operative to urge the shoe into connection with the flanges. 14. The spacecraft device according to claim 6, wherein the adapter further comprises internally dedicated positions for equipment for space operation. 15. The adapter according to claim 14, wherein each position is operative for a satellite to be mounted thereon. 16. The adapter according to claim 14, wherein each position is operative for satellite equipment to be mounted thereon. 17. A spacecraft device, comprising: a carrier rocket; a satellite to be released; an adapter operative to connect the satellite to the carrier rocket, the adapter comprising two adapter parts detachably connected to each other, the adapter parts each comprising a wall structure operative to support the satellite on the carrier rocket, the adapter comprising a lower rim non-releasably fixed to the carrier rocket and an upper rim detachably connected to the satellite, wherein one of the two adapter parts detaches from the remaining adapter part in consequence to the release of the satellite and comprises one or more internally mounted payloads. 18. The spacecraft device according to claim 17, wherein a first of the adapter parts is detachably connected to the satellite. 19. The spacecraft device according to claim 17, wherein the adapter further comprises internally dedicated positions for equipment for space operation. 20. The spacecraft device according to claim 17, wherein the adapter comprises a truncated cone. 21. The spacecraft device according to claim 17, wherein the satellite detaches and is released from the spacecraft, after which the adapter is detached from the carrier rocket and operates independently from the carrier rocket. 22. An adapter operative to detachably join a carrier rocket with a satellite to be released, the adapter comprising: a wall structure operative to support the satellite on the carrier rocket, the wall structure comprising a lower rim operative to be non-releasably fixed to the carrier rocket and an upper rim operative to be detachably connected the satellite, the rim wall structure comprising a first adapter part and a second adapter part detachably connected to the first adapter part, wherein one of the two adapter parts detaches from the remaining adapter part in consequence to the release of the satellite and comprises one or more internally mounted payloads. 23. A method for separating a first spacecraft part from a second spacecraft part detachably connected to the first spacecraft part with an adapter, the method comprising: detaching the second spacecraft part from an upper part of the adapter detachably connected to the second spacecraft part; detaching the upper part of the adapter from a remaining portion of the spacecraft, said remaining portion of the spacecraft comprising an adapter part non-releasably fixed to the first spacecraft part; and detaching subsequently one or more additional satellites from internal mounting positions within the upper part of the adapter. 24. The method according to claim 23, wherein the remaining portion of the spacecraft comprises a lower adapter part and the first spacecraft part. 25. A method for separating a carrier rocket from a satellite detachably connected to the carrier rocket with an adapter, the method comprising: detaching the satellite from an upper part of the adapter detachably connected to the satellite; detaching the upper part of the adapter from a lower part of the adapter non-releasably connected to the carrier rocket and detachably connected to the upper part of the adapter; and detaching subsequently one or more additional satellites from internal mounting positions within the upper part of the adapter. 26. A spacecraft device, comprising: a first craft part; a second craft part comprising a payload to be released; and an adapter operative to connect the first craft part and the second craft part, the adapter comprising a wall structure operative to support the second craft part on the first craft part, the adapter additionally comprising a lower rim non-releasably fixed to the first craft part and an upper rim detachably connected to the second craft part, the adapter further comprising internal equipment or payload attachment positions for mounting equipment or payloads and even further comprising one or more internally mounted payloads, other than the second craft part, useful for space operation, and wherein at least a part of the adapter detaches from a remaining portion of the spacecraft device in consequence to the release of the payload. 27. The spacecraft device according to claim 26, wherein the adapter comprises two adapter parts detachably connected to each other. 28. The spacecraft device according to claim 27, wherein a first of the adapter parts is detachably attached to the second craft part. 29. The spacecraft device according to claim 28, wherein the equipment or payloads mounted at the equipment or payload attachment positions includes at least one of solar panels, power systems, propulsion systems, control systems, on-board computers, independent satellites, and hardware and software for execution of at least one task and wherein at least some of the equipment or payload attachment positions are on or within a second of the adapter parts. 30. The spacecraft device according to claim 29, wherein the second adapter part constitutes a separate satellite after separation from the first craft part and the second craft part. 