Detecting a wildfire and an electrical arc, which are characterized by emission of ultraviolet (UV) radiation at a given wavelength, are described using a light sensor having a pulse output responsive to the given wavelength and generating an intermediate output responsive to the pulse output in a way which tracks a trend in the pulse output, irrespective of any increase in the relative number of pulses in the pulse output that is responsive to extraneous sources other than wildfire or electrical arc. The intermediate output is generated responsive to pulses occurring within an event window that continuously terminates at present time and extends backward therefrom by a selected time duration. An alarm signal is produced based on a predetermined characteristic of the intermediate output. Packaging of the sensor and alarm arrangement is described along with photo-detection tube optimization. Further, atmospheric transmission of the detected wavelength is described.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for detecting a presence of at least one of a wildfire and an electrical arc burning proximate to Earth's surface, said wildfire and said electrical arc being characterized by a wavelength that is emitted by the wildfire and electrical arc and which transmits in a first way at the Earth's surface as a result of a first ratio of oxygen compounds proximate to the surface of the Earth, but which wavelength transmits in a second way in Earth's stratosphere based on a second different ratio of oxygen compounds present in Earth's stratosphere wherein said wildfire and said electrical arc are characterized by emission of ultraviolet (UV) radiation at said detection wavelength, said apparatus comprising: a detection arrangement disposed such that said wavelength travels from said wildfire to the detection arrangement in the presence of said first ratio of said oxygen compounds and so that sunlight arriving at said detection arrangement travels through Earth's stratosphere so as to subject the sunlight to said second ratio of oxygen compounds in a way which attenuates content of the detection wavelength in the sunlight, said detection arrangement being configured to respond at the detection wavelength so as to enhance a detection response to the wildfire while attenuating the detection response to the wavelength to sunlight based on said first and second ratios of said oxygen compounds and said detection arrangement includes: a Geiger-Mueller tube (GM tube), which GM tube exhibits a given response at a maximum rated bias voltage when exposed to said detection wavelength as well as when concurrently exposed to a plurality of extraneous noise sources for use in generating a pulse output; a driver for operation said GM tube in a way which produces a modified response of the GM tube, thereby increasing sensitivity of the GM tube over said given response with respect to said detection wavelength as well as with respect to the plurality of extraneous noise sources so as to increase a relative number of pulses in the pulse output responsive to the detection wavelength and responsive to the extraneous noise sources, as compared to operating said GM tube at the maximum rated bias voltage; a processing circuit for generating an intermediate output responsive to said pulse output for use in tracking a trend in the pulse output, which trend is generally responsive to the presence of a least one of said wildfire and said electrical arc, irrespective of the increase in the relative number of pulses in the pulse output that are responsive to said extraneous sources; and an alarm apparatus for producing an alarm signal based on a predetermined characteristic of said intermediate output. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said GM tube is treated for reducing sensitivity of the GM tube to at least certain ones of said plurality of extraneous noise sources. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein said GM tube exhibits a sensitivity within the 230 280 mm band that is at least 25 dB higher then at 280 nm and 100 dB higher than at 320 nm. 4. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein said GM tube is coated with an antistatic material that is transmissive with respect to said detection wavelength. 5. A method for detecting a presence of at least one of a wildfire and an electrical arc burning proximate to Earth's surface wherein said wildfire and said electrical arc are characterized by emission of ultraviolet (UV) radiation at said detection wavelength, said method comprising: selecting a detection wavelength that is emitted by the wildfire and said electrical arc and which transmits in a first way at the Earth's surface as a result of a first ratio of oxygen compounds proximate to the surface of Earth, but which detection wavelength transmits in a second way in Earth's stratosphere based on a second, different ratio of oxygen compounds present in Earth's stratosphere; using a detection arrangement positioned such that the detection wavelength travels from said wildfire to the detection arrangement in the presence of said first ratio of said oxygen compounds in a way which attenuates content of the detection wavelength in the sunlight; and configuring said detection arrangement to respond to the detection wavelength in the sunlight based on said first and second ratios of said oxygen compounds, and using, as part of said detection arrangement, a Geiger-Mueller tube (GM tube) having a given response at a maximum rated bias voltage when exposed to said detection wavelength, as well as when concurrently exposed to a plurality of extraneous noise sources, to generate a pulse output by operating said GM tube so as to produce a modified response of the GM tube, thereby increasing sensitivity of the GM tube over said given response with respect to said detection wavelength, as well as with respect to the plurality of extraneous noise sources, so as to increase a relative number of pulses in the pulse output, responsive to the detection wavelength and responsive to the extraneous noise sources, as compared to operating said GM tube at the maximum rated bias voltage. 6. The method of claim 5 including generating an intermediate output responsive to said pulse output for tracking a trend in the pulse output, which trend is generally responsive to the presence of at least one of said wildfires and electrical arc, irrespective of the increase in the relative number of pulses in the pulse output that are responsive to said extraneous sources. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein said intermediate output is generated responsive to pulses occurring within an event window that continuously terminates at present time and extends backward therefrom by a selected time duration. 8. The method of claim 6 including producing an alarm signal based on a predetermined characteristic of said intermediate output. 9. The method of claim 5 wherein said GM tube includes a maximum operating voltage and wherein increasing sensitivity of the GM tube over said given response, with respect to said detection wavelength, includes operating said GM tube by applying an operating bias voltage which is greater than said maximum rated bias voltage. 10. The method of claim 5 further comprising treating said GM tube in a way which reduces a sensitivity of the GM tube to at least certain ones of said plurality of extraneous noise sources. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein said GM tube is configured for a high sensitivity to the wavelength range between 230 nm to 280 nm and for a reduced sensitivity to a wavelength longer than 280 nm such that the detection arrangement is essentially solar blind above 280 nm where said reduced sensitivity is less than said height sensitivity. 12. The method of claim 10 wherein said treating includes coating at least said GM tube with an antistatic material that is transmissive with respect to said detection wavelength. 13. The method of claim 10 wherein said treating includes applying pre-conditioning voltage to said GM tube, said pre-conditioning voltage being higher than said maximum rated bias voltage, and during application of said pre-conditioning voltage, exposing said GM tube to a least certain light generating ones of said plurality of extraneous noise sources. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein exposing said GM tube includes subjecting said GM tube to sunlight during application of said pre-conditioning voltage. 15. A method for detecting a presence of a wildfire and/or an electrical arc burning near the Earth's surface wherein said wildfire and said electrical arc are characterized by emission of a range of ultraviolet (UV) radiation, said method comprising: selecting a detection wavelength that is emitted by the wildfire and the electrical arc in said range of ultraviolet radiation such that said detection wavelength includes a first transmission characteristic through O.sub.2 proximate to the surface of the Earth for the detection wavelength as emitted, and a second transmission characteristic through stratospheric O.sub.3, for the detection wavelength as contained by sunlight, such that the detection wavelength that is emitted by the wildfire and the electrical arc is capable of propagating to a detection location near the surface of the Earth, subject to said first transmission characteristic, and the detection wavelength is, at least to an approximation, eliminated from sunlight, by said second transmission characteristic, that reaches the detection location; positioning a detection arrangement at the detection location for monitoring an intensity of the detection wavelength; configuring the detection arrangement with (i) a Gieger-Mueller tube (GM tube), which GM tube exhibits a given response at a maximum rated bias voltage when exposed to said detection wavelength as well as when concurrently exposed to a plurality of extraneous noise sources for use in generating a pulse output and (H) a driver for operating said GM tube over said given way which produces a modified response of the GM tube, thereby increasing sensitivity of the GM tube over said given response with respect to said detection wavelength as well as with respect to the plurality of extraneous noise sources so as to increase a relative number of pulses in the pulse output responsive to the detection wavelength and responsive to the extraneous noise sources, as compared to operating said GM tube at the maximum rated bias voltage; generating an intermediate output, responsive to said pulse output, for use in tracking a trend in the pulse output, which trend is generally responsive to the presence of at least one of said wildfire and said electrical arc, irrespective of the increase in the relative number of pulses in the pulse output that are responsive to said extraneous sources; and producing an alarm signal, based on a predetermined characteristic of said intermediate output. 16. The method of claim 15 including treating said GM tube for reducing sensitivity of the GM tube to at least certain ones of said plurality of extraneous noise sources. 