A lighting apparatus is disclosed for providing illumination to an object or surface. In one illustrative embodiment, the light apparatus is used to help improve the visibility of a vehicle by providing illumination to at least part of the vehicle. In other illustrative embodiments, the light apparatus may be used to provide illumination for other objects or equipment including, for example, docks, retail and/or store shelving and/or equipment, bars, desks, counters, walls, railings, steps, and/or any other object or surface, as desired. In some embodiments, the lighting apparatus includes a bumper. When so provided, the lighting apparatus may help provide a level of protection to objects and/or surfaces that are subject to bumping, sliding or other abuse. In other illustrative embodiments, the lighting apparatus may be used to increase the visual appeal of an object or surface, such as a wall, a toy, an appliance or any other object, as desired.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An elongated bumper, comprising: an elongated bumper member having a lumen, cavity or opening extending lengthwise along the elongated bumper member for receiving an elongated light source; and the elongated bumper member further including at least two tabs for securing the elongated bumper member to a mounting surface, wherein one of the tabs has a major surface that extends substantially perpendicular to a major surface of another one of the tabs. 2. The elongated bumper of claim 1 wherein at least one tab has a major surface that extends substantially parallel to an expected mounting surface. 3. The elongated bumper of claim 1 further comprising an elongated light source received by the lumen, cavity or opening of the elongated bumper. 4. The elongated bumper of claim 3 wherein the elongated light source includes an active light source. 5. The elongated bumper of claim 4 wherein the active light source is an electroluminescent light source powered by electrical current. 6. The elongated bumper of claim 5 wherein the electric current is provided by a battery. 7. The elongated bumper of claim 6 wherein the battery is recharged, at least in part, by solar power. 8. The elongated bumper of claim 3 wherein the elongated light source includes a passive light source. 9. The elongated bumper of claim 8 wherein the passive light source is a glow-in-the-dark light source. 10. The elongated bumper of claim 8 wherein the passive light source is a linear emitting fiber. 11. The elongated bumper of 1 wherein the elongated bumper is mounted to a dock or a pier. 12. The elongated bumper of 1 wherein the elongated bumper is mounted to a vehicle. 13. The elongated bumper of claim 1 wherein the elongated bumper member includes an arched bumper member extending from a back support, wherein the at least two tabs are extensions of the back support. 14. The elongated bumper of claim 13 wherein the arched bumper member includes the lumen, cavity or opening. 15. The elongated bumper of claim 13 wherein the back support includes the lumen, cavity or opening. 16. The elongated bumper of claim 1 wherein the elongated bumper member includes an arched bumper member, wherein the at least two tabs extend from the arched bumper member, and wherein the arched bumper member includes the lumen, cavity or opening. 17. The elongated bumper of claim 1 wherein the elongated bumper member includes a back support, a front bumper member, an arched top member and a bottom support. 18. The elongated bumper of claim 17 wherein the arched top member defines at least part of the lumen, cavity or opening, and includes a transparent or semi-transparent material. 19. An elongated bumper, comprising: an elongated bumper member having a light source extending along at least part of the length of the elongated bumper member; and the elongated bumper member further including at least two tabs for securing the elongated bumper member to a mounting surface. 20. The elongated bumper of claim 19 wherein the light source includes an active light source. 21. The elongated bumper of claim 19 wherein the light source includes a passive light source. 22. The elongated bumper of claim 21 wherein the passive light source is a glow-in-the-dark light source. 23. The elongated bumper member of claim 19 wherein the elongated bumper member includes two or more visually distinguishable light sources. 24. A bumper member, comprising: an elongated bumper having an elongated cavity extending lengthwise along the elongated bumper with an elongated opening extending along at least part of the length of the elongated cavity and from the elongated cavity to an outer surface of the elongated bumper member for receiving an elongated light source; and an elongated plug for plugging at least part of the elongated opening once an elongated light source is installed in the cavity, the elongated plug and elongated bumper forming an interference fit to help retain the elongated plug in the installed position. 25. The bumper member of claim 24 wherein the elongated bumper member includes a transparent or semi-transparent material that extends from at least part of the cavity to an outer surface of the elongated bumper member. 26. The bumper member of claim 25 wherein the elongated plug is non-transparent. 27. The bumper member of claim 25 wherein the elongated plug is transparent or semi-transparent. 28. The bumper member of claim 24 wherein the elongated plug is transparent or semi-transparent. 29. The bumper member of claim 24 wherein the elongated bumper member is adapted to receive an elongated insert, and wherein part of the elongated insert forms at least part of the elongated plug. 30. A kit for joining a first bumper member to a second bumper member, wherein the first bumper member and the second bumper member each include a lumen for receiving an elongated light source, the kit comprising: a tube having a lumen, the tube adapted to be inserted into the lumen of the first bumper member and into the lumen of the second bumper member, and further adapted to allow the elongated light source to pass through the lumen of the tube from the first bumper member to the second bumper member. 31. The kit of claim 30 further comprising: an adhesive suitable for providing a water tight seal between the tube and the lumen of the first bumper member, and the between the tube and the lumen of the second bumper member. 32. The kit of claim 30 further comprising: a cap adapted to fit over the joint between the first bumper member and the second bumper member. 33. The kit of claim 32 wherein the cap includes a gasket for providing a seal between the cap and the first bumper member and the cap and the second bumper member. 34. The kit of claim 30 further comprising one or more plugs for plugging the lumen of the first bumper member, the lumen of the second bumper member, or both. 35. An elongated bumper, comprising: an elongated bumper member having a length and two ends, the elongated bumper member further having a lumen extending lengthwise therethrough and out at least one of the two ends of the elongated bumper, the lumen for receiving an elongated light source; and a plug, wherein the plug is adapted to fit into an end of the lumen. 36. The elongated bumper of claim 35 wherein the plug includes a hole extending at least partially therethrough, wherein the hole is adapted to receive an elongated light source and hold the elongated light source at a position in the lumen relative to the elongated bumper. 37. An elongated bumper, comprising: an elongated bumper member having a lumen, cavity or opening extending lengthwise along the elongated bumper member for receiving an elongated light source; and the elongated bumper member further including at least two tabs for securing the elongated bumper member to a mounting surface, wherein one of the tabs has a major surface that extends substantially parallel to a major surface of another one of the tabs. 38. The elongated bumper of claim 37 further comprising an elongated light source received by the lumen, cavity or opening of the elongated bumper. 39. The elongated bumper of claim 38 wherein the elongated light source includes an active light source. 40. The elongated bumper of claim 39 wherein the active light source is an electroluminescent light source powered by electrical current. 41. The elongated bumper of claim 40 wherein the electric current is provided by a battery. 42. The elongated bumper of claim 41 wherein the battery is recharged, at least in part, by solar power. 43. The elongated bumper of claim 38 wherein the elongated light source includes a passive light source. 44. The elongated bumper of claim 43 wherein the passive light source is a glow-in-the-dark light source. 45. The elongated bumper of claim 43 wherein the passive light source is a linear emitting fiber. 46. The elongated bumper of 37 wherein the elongated bumper is mounted to a dock or a pier. 47. The elongated bumper of 37 wherein the elongated bumper is mounted to a vehicle. 48. The elongated bumper of claim 37 wherein the elongated bumper member includes an arched bumper member extending from a back support, wherein the at least two tabs are extensions of the back support. 49. The elongated bumper of claim 48 wherein the arched bumper member includes the lumen, cavity or opening. 50. The elongated bumper of claim 48 wherein the back support includes the lumen, cavity or opening. 51. The elongated bumper of claim 37 wherein the elongated bumper member includes an arched bumper member, wherein the at least two tabs extend from the arched bumper member, and wherein the arched bumper member includes the lumen, cavity or opening. 