An adiabatic power generation method and apparatus includes at least one combusting device to combust any suitable fuel and an oxygen-containing gas to produce hot high pressure combustion gases. Also includes modified present art combustors, wind and solar energy sources. A portion of the expanded gases, or ambient air is mixed with the combustion gases to form a mixture of gases as working fluid that is fed to a work-producing device.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An adiabatic power generating system, comprising: means for combusting a combustible mixture of a fuel and an oxygen-containing gas to form gaseous combustion products at a predetermined first range of elevated temperature and pressure; means for conducting the gaseous combustion products to a thermally insulated mixing device downstream of the means for combusting; means for introducing into the thermally insulated mixing device a secondary gas at a second range of temperature and pressure lower than the first range to form in the thermally insulated mixing device an admixture of gases as a working fluid at a third range of temperature and pressure intermediate the first and second ranges; and means for conducting the working fluid to a work-producing device operable to produce work by expansion of the working fluid; wherein the means for combusting is adapted to minimize heat losses from the system and allow the system to operate at least substantially adiabatically, and comprises one of a housing and a first heat exchange device in heat exchange relationship with the housing, operable to transfer heat from the means for combusting to heat the secondary gas and to conduct at least a portion of the heated secondary gas as working fluid to the work-producing device for expansion therein and (ii) a thermally insulated gas reactor having a substantially constant volume. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the means for combusting comprises: at least one gas reactor having an elongated, substantially sealed housing having a substantially constant volume, inlets and outlets at opposite ends thereof, a combusting device and means for propagating a modulated flame within the housing; a first conduit communicating with the inlets for feeding a pressurized oxygen-containing gas and a combustible fuel to the interior of the reactor to form a combustible mixture therein; and a second conduit communicating with the outlets for exhausting gaseous combustion products from the reactor at the first predetermined range of elevated temperature and pressure; wherein the thermally insulated mixing device is positioned between the gas reactor and the work-producing device. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein there is a single reactor. 4. The system of claim 2, wherein the secondary gas is at least one of ambient air, compressed air, preheated ambient air and preheated compressed air. 5. The system of claim 2, further comprising means for recovering at least a portion of the expanded gases and feeding the recovered portion as the secondary gas to the thermally insulated mixing device. 6. The system of claim 2, further comprising: a buffer tank having an afterburner, an inlet and an outlet; a third conduit configured to communicate with the inlet for feeding gaseous combustion products and a remainder of the combustible mixture to substantially complete a combustion of the combustible mixer; and a fourth conduit configured to communicate with the outlet for exhausting the gaseous combustion products from the buffer tank at the first predetermined range of elevated temperature and pressure; wherein the buffer tank is positioned between the gas reactor and the mixing device. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the means for combusting includes the thermally insulated gas reactor, the gas reactor comprising: a first end having at least one inlet; a second end, having an orifice and at least one outlet, the second end substantially opposing the first; a housing interposed between the first and second ends and having a substantially constant volume; and a centrally placed elongated flame retaining chamber within the housing and in communication with the gas reactor inlets, the flame retaining chamber having a flame regulation structure comprising combustion air inlets and fuel outflow nozzles, each of relatively large cross-sectional area and arranged symmetrically with respect to the longitudinal axis of the chamber to provide symmetrical flame propagation longitudinally into the flame retaining chamber, the flame retaining chamber having a diverging portion adjacent the first end and the flame, including perforations for easy passage of local circulating products of combustion from an annulus space between an inner wall of the housing and an outer surface of the flame retaining chamber, while just downstream of the flame the flame retaining chamber converges and terminates in an ejection nozzle, whereby the combustion products strike the second end of the reactor and by internal forces the combustion products are transferred to the first end of the reactor and thence through the perforations in the diverging section of the flame retaining chamber and through the combustion air inlets. 8. The system of claim 1, further comprising: means for compressing the oxygen-containing gas to a predetermined pressure before the oxygen-containing gas enters the means for combusting; means for altering a temperature of the oxygen-containing gas to a predetermined temperature before the oxygen-containing gas enters the means for combusting; and means for feeding the compressed oxygen-containing gas to the means for combusting. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein the means for altering the temperature of the oxygen-containing gas comprises: a second heat exchange device operable to transfer heat to and preheat the oxygen-containing gas before the fuel enters the means for combusting; a solar-energy concentrator-collector device operable to convert solar-energy to collect heat; and means for transferring the collected heat from the solar-energy concentrator-collector device to the second heat-exchange device. 10. The system of claim 9 further comprising: means for stopping the feeding of fuel to the means for combusting upon detecting a predetermined quantity of solar energy collected by the solar-energy concentrator-collector device; and means for conducting the heated and compressed oxygen-containing gas as the working fluid to the work producing device. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein the means for combusting is substantially insulated. 12. The system of claim 8, wherein the means for compressing the oxygen-containing gas comprises at least one wind turbine device and at least one gas compressing device, the wind turbine device configured to operate the gas compressing device. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein there is provided solar energy collecting means to receive solar energy and to become heated thereby, first heat-exchange means in heat-exchange relationship with said solar energy collecting means for transferring heat from said heated solar energy collecting means to a heat exchanger fluid, and second heat-exchange means being operably related to said combustion means to transfer heat from heated heat-exchange fluid to compressed air in said combustion chamber. 14. The system of claim 12 wherein the gas compressing device is normally in an OFF standby state and is operable to enter an ON operable state at least when the wind turbine device is not turning or is below a predetermined cut-in speed. 15. The system of claim 12 wherein the at least one wind turbine device is configured to unload the gas compressing device during low wind velocity. 16. The system of claim 12 wherein the wind turbine device and the gas compressing device are mounted on a structure separate from a structure supporting a remainder of the system. 17. The system of claim 1 wherein the work producing device comprises one or more rotary gas motors arranged in a configuration suitable to load conditions, the gas motors being operated by the working fluid at the third predetermined range of temperature and pressure. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein: the rotary gas motors comprise one or more turbines each having an output shaft, and means for regulating and automating controls of the turbines such that the output shaft torque is suitably matched to self-propelled vehicles operating load characteristics; and the turbines are mechanically coupled in at least one of series and parallel to loads to perform as torque converters. 19. The system of claim 1 wherein the work-producing device is operably connected to and powers an energy consuming device selected from the group consisting of a distributive cooking device, a hot water heating device and a clothes drying device, and the means for conducting the working fluid to the work producing device is operable to feed a portion of the admixture to the work-producing device and a portion to the energy consuming device to provide heat therein. 20. The system of claim 1 wherein the system is portable. 21. The system of claim 1 wherein the means for combusting comprises a lining of high temperature refractory gas reactor having a substantially constant volume to minimize heat losses from the system and allow the system to operate at least substantially adiabatically. 22. The system of claim 1 further comprising means for routing the working fluid from the work producing device to at least one of a refrigeration and an air-conditioning system, wherein the work producing device is operable to expand the working fluid and reduce the temperature of the working fluid below an ambient temperature. 23. The system of claim 1 wherein the means for combusting is enclosed within the housing and comprises the first heat exchange device in heat exchange relationship with the housing, operable to transfer heat from the means for combusting to heat the secondary gas and to conduct at least a portion of the heated secondary gas as the working fluid to the work-producing device for expansion therein, to minimize heat losses from the system and allow the system to operates at least substantially adiabatically. 24. The system of claim 23 further comprising: means for introducing water into the means for combusting to cool a flame therein; means for recovering at least a portion of gases exhausted from the work-producing device as the secondary gas, the secondary gas cooling by expansion through the recovery to condense at least part of the water in the secondary gas; and means for feeding the secondary gas to the thermally insulated mixing device, the condensed water being substantially removed from the secondary gas as the secondary gas is fed to the mixing device. 25. The apparatus of claim 23, including means for computer monitoring and control comprising; a. means for operating safety and overpressure valves; b. means for regulating pressures and temperatures; c. means for observing flame during operation; d. means for proportioning and diverting flows of gas streams; and e. means for switching entry and exit ports in said reactor and devices associated with operation of the system. 26. The system of claim 23 wherein the thermally insulated mixing device comprises: a venturi-type nozzle for mixing the higher pressure combustion products with the lower pressure secondary gas: means for tangential entry of the gaseous combustion products at the predetermined first range of temperature and pressure in a perimeter of the venturi-type nozzle; and a hollow cylindrical heat-resistant chamber having a secondary air inlet, sealed ends and at least one of interior and exterior insulations. 27. The system of claim 23 wherein: the work-producing device is in at least one of a heated space and a cooled space; and the means for conducting the working fluid to the work-producing device is operable to feed a portion of the admixture to the at least one the heated space and the cooled space to alter a temperature of the space. 28. The system of claim 23 wherein the secondary gas is at least one of ambient air, pressurized air, preheated ambient air and preheated pressurized air. 29. The system of claim 23 further comprising means for recovering at least a portion of the expanded gases and feeding the recovered portion as the secondary gas to the thermally insulated mixing device. 30. The system of claim 23 wherein the work producing device comprises one or more rotary gas motors arranged in at least one of series and parallel suitable to load conditions the gas motors being configured to operate by the admixture of gases at the third predetermined range of temperature and pressure. 31. The system of claim 30 wherein: the rotary gas motors comprise one or more turbines each having an output shaft, and means for regulating and automating controls of the turbines such that the output shaft torque is suitably matched to self-propelled vehicles operating load characteristics; and the turbines are mechanically coupled in at least one of series and parallel to loads to perform as torque converters. 32. The system of claim 30 further comprising: a self-propelled vehicle powered by the rotary gas motors; means for providing the admixture of combustion products and the lower pressure secondary gas to the rotary gas motors during acceleration of the vehicle; means for providing ambient air to the rotary gas motor during deceleration of the vehicle; and means for storing pressurized ambient air exhausted from the rotary gas motors and for supplying the exhausted pressurized air to the rotary gas motors for subsequent accelerations of the vehicle. 33. The system of claim 31 wherein the rotary gas motors comprise: a double acting free piston axially reciprocating in a chamber having a bore, a first end, and a second end; shaft extensions for coupling loads; and means for injecting and venting the secondary gas with automatic controls for rapid oscillation. 34. The apparatus of claim 23, wherein said housing has a lining of refractory high temperature insulation. 35. A method for producing power from combustion of a fuel comprising: feeding a pressurized oxygen-containing gas and a combustible fuel to at least one combustion zone to form a combustible mixture therein; combusting the combustible mixture in the combustion zone under substantially adiabatic conditions to form gaseous combustion products; exhausting the gaseous combustion products from the combustion zone at a first predetermined range of elevated temperature and pressure; forming in a mixing zone an admixture of the exhausted combustion gases and a secondary gas at a second predetermined range of temperature and pressure lower than the first predetermined range; and feeding the admixture as working fluid to a work producing zone for expansion of the working fluid to produce work thereby. 36. The method of claim 35 wherein there is a single said combustion zone. 37. The method of claim 35 wherein the secondary gas is at least one of ambient air, pressurized air, preheated ambient air and preheated pressurized air. 38. The method of claim 35 further comprising providing the secondary gas by recovering at least a portion of the expanded gases and recycling the portion to the mixing zone. 39. The method of claim 35 further comprising: propagating a flame in the combustion zone; and introducing water into the combustion zone to cool the flame, reduce formation of oxides of nitrogen and increase a weight of the gaseous combustion products. 40. The method of claim 35 wherein feeding the admixture as the working fluid to the work producing zone to produce work results in production of exhaust gases including pollutants, which comprise at least one of species of carbon dioxide and oxides of nitrogen, and wherein the method further comprises reacting the exhaust gases with a pollutants absorbing chemical to reduce an amount of the pollutants in the exhaust gases. 41. An adiabatic power generating system, comprising: means for elevating a temperature and pressure of a primary gas in a housing to form gaseous products at a predetermined first range of elevated temperature and pressure, the housing being thermally insulated to minimize heat losses from the system and allow the system to operate at least substantially adiabatically; means for conducting the gaseous products downstream to a thermally insulated mixing device; means for introducing into the thermally insulated mixing device a secondary gas at a second range of temperature and pressure lower than the first range to form in the thermally insulated mixing device an admixture of gases as a working fluid at a third range of temperature and pressure intermediate the first and second ranges; and means for conducting the working fluid to a work-producing device operable to produce work by expansion of the working fluid. 42. The system of claim 41, wherein the means for elevating the temperature and pressure of the primary gas comprises at least one of a temperature altering device and a gas compressing device, the at least one of the temperature altering device and the gas compressing device being operable to elevate the temperature and pressure of the primary gas to the predetermined first range of elevated temperature and pressure. 43. The system of claim 42 wherein the gas compressing device comprises at least one of a wind turbine, a turbine and means for routing the working fluid to the turbine to power the turbine, and an electric motor. 44. The system of claim 41 wherein the means for elevating the temperature and pressure of the primary gas, the thermally insulated mixing device and the work producing device are downsized and adapted to provide power to and alter a temperature of at least one of mechanical components and electronic components in small scale applications including miniaturized applications. 