A mobile traffic light adaptable for a solar panel. An actuated arm is provided on a platform, the actuated arm having a first member and a second member collapsible on top of each other so that they can be folded for transport. The actuated arm is lifted to provide height and reach of the device and pivoted to position the device in a desired position. A solar panel mounted to the platform is provided under the collapsed actuated arm. The solar panel also tilts and rotates.
Claims We claim: 1. A mobile traffic light comprising: a platform for attachment to a vehicle to transport said traffic light to a desired location; an actuated arm connected to said platform and capable of receiving at least two traffic light units, said actuated arm comprising: a second member operatively connected to said platform for obtaining height; a first member operatively connected to said second member for obtaining reach; and a pivot point to swing said actuated arm out over a portion of a road; wherein said first member and said second member collapse on top of each other and are substantially horizontal when said actuated arm is folded for transport. 2. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 1, wherein said second member is mounted to a base pivotally connected to said platform, and said pivot point is at a junction between said base and said platform. 3. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 2, wherein said platform comprises an abutment for resting said actuated arm when folded for transport. 4. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 3, wherein said abutment is connected to said platform at a front end of said platform. 5. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 4, wherein said abutment comprises a locking mechanism to lock said actuatcd arm into place for transport. 6. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 4, wherein said actuated arm extends beyond said front end of said platform when folded for transport. 7. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 1, wherein said platform comprises a solar panel mounted thereto for capturing solar energy. 8. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 7, wherein said solar panel is beneath said first member and said second member of said actuated arm folded for transport. 9. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 8, wherein said actuated arm locks in said solar panel when folded for transport. 10. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 8, wherein said solar panel is mounted substantially centrally on said platform. 11. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 8, wherein said solar panel is mounted to said platform by a mast and a transversal bar. 12. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 11 wherein said solar panel tilts about said transversal bar. 13. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 12, wherein said solar panel is fixed to said transversal bar member by a releasable locking pin mechanism. 14. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 11, wherein said solar panel rotates about said mast. 15. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 14, wherein said mast comprises an upper portion rotatably engaged within a lower portion. 16. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 15, wherein said solar panel is fixed to said mast by a clamping mechanism that locks said upper portion and said lower portion together. 17. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 11, wherein said mast is extendible in height. 18. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 1, wherein said first member is extendible in length to extend said reach. 19. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 18, wherein said first member is telescopically extendible. 20. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 1, wherein said at least two traffic light units are mounted to said first member. 21. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 20, wherein a third traffic light unit is mounted to said second member. 22. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 20, wherein said at least two traffic light units fold inwardly for transport and oatwardly for deployment. 23. A mobile traffic light comprising: a platform for attachment to a vehicle to transport said traffic light to a desired location; a powering module on said platform for powering said mobile traffic light; an actuated arm connected to a first end of said platform and capable of receiving at least two traffic light units; and a solar panel mounted substantially centrally said platform, such that said actuated arm collapses above said solar panel when folded for transport. 24. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 23, wherein said solar panel is mounted to said platform by a mast and a transversal bar. 25. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 24, wherein said solar panel flits about said transversal bar. 26. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 25, wherein said solar panel is fixed to said transversal bar member by a releasable locking pin mechanism. 27. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 26, wherein said solar panel rotates about said mast. 28. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 27, wherein said mast comprises an upper portion rotatably engaged within a lower portion. 29. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 28, wherein said solar panel is fixed to said mast by a clamping mechanism that locks said upper portion and said lower portion together. 30. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 24, wherein said mast is extendible in height. 31. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 23, wherein said solar panel has an abutment pad for interfacing with said actuated arm when said actuated arm collapses above said solar panel for transport. 32. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 23, wherein said platform comprises an abutment for resting said actuated arm when folded for transport. 33. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 32, wherein said abutment is connected to said platform at a front end of said platform. 34. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 33, wherein said abutment comprises a locking mechanism to lock said actuated arm into place for transport. 35. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 34, wherein said actuating arm extends beyond said front end of said platform when folded for transport. 36. A method for deploying a mobile traffic light, the method comprising: providing a mobile traffic light comprising: a platform for attachment to a vehicle to transport said traffic light to a desired location; an actuated arm connected to said platform comprising a second member and a first member operatively connected together and that can collapse on top of each other substantially horizontally when said actuated arm is folded for transport; and a pivot point; pivoting said actuated arm to set a position thereof; and lifting said actuated arm to set a height and a reach thereof. 37. A method as claimed in claim 36, wherein said providing comprises mounting said second member to a base pivotally connected to said platform, and providing said pivot point at a junction between said base and said platform, and wherein said pivoting comprises pivoting said base such that an end of said actuated arm moves away from said platform. 38. A method as claimed in claim 37, wherein said lifting comprises lifting said first and second members upwards, and lifting said first member outwards. 39. A method as claimed in claim 38, wherein said lifting comprises lifting said actuated arm off an abutment on said platform. 40. A method as claimed in claim 39, wherein said lifting comprises unlocking said actuated arm from said abutment. 41. A method as claimed in claim 37, wherein said pivoting said base comprises unlocking said base from a fixed position on said platform. 42. A method as claimed in claim 36, further comprising positioning said traffic light on said actuated arm. 43. A method as claimed in claim 37, wherein said pivoting said base comprises manually pivoting said base. 44. A method as claimed in claim 36, wherein said lifting comprises lifting with a hydraulics system. 45. A method as claimed in claim 38, wherein said lifting said first member outwards comprises extending said first member to increase its length. 46. A method as claimed in claim 36, wherein said providing a mobile traffic light comprises providing a solar panel mounted substantially centrally to said platform, such tat said actuated arm collapses above said solar panel when folded for transport. 47. A method as claimed in claim 46, further comprising tilting said solar panel to a desired angle. 48. A method as claimed in claim 47, wherein said tilting comprises unlocking a pin looking mechanism to tilt said solar panel. 49. A method as claimed in claim 48, wherein said tilting comprises locking said solar panel at said desired angle. 50. A method as claimed in claim 46, further comprising rotating said solar panel to a desired position. 51. A method as claimed in claim 50, wherein said rotating comprises unlocking a clamping mechanism to rotate said solar panel. 52. A method as claimed in claim 51, wherein said rotating comprises clamping said solar panel at said desired position. 53. A method as claimed in claim 46, further comprising tilting and rotating said solar panel to a desired position. 54. A method as claimed in claim 53, wherein said tilting and rotating comprises unlocking said solar panel from a fixed position, tilting and rotating to said desired position, and locking said solar panel at said desired position. 55. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 1, wherein said platform comprises attachment means for attaching said platform to the vehicle. 56. A mobile traffic light as claimed in claim 23, wherein said platform comprises attachment means for attaching said platform to the vehicle. 57. A method as claimed in claim 36, wherein said providing comprises providing an attachment means at a front end of said platform for attaching said platform to the vehicle. 58. A mobile traffic light apparatus comprising a first member operatively connected to a strut and to a second member, said strut pivotally connected to a wheeled platform wherein said first member and said second member are adaptable to substantially horizontally collapse when said apparatus is prepared for transport. 59. The apparatus of claim 58, wherein said first member is pivotally mounted to said strut. 60. The apparatus of claim 58, wherein said first and second members are independently extendible of each other. 61. The apparatus of claim 58, further comprising a solar panel operatively mounted thereto. 62. The apparatus of claim 61, wherein said solar panel is adaptable to substantially horizontally collapse when said apparatus is prepared for transport. 63. The apparatus of claim 58, further comprising at least one traffic light unit mounted to said second member. 64. The apparatus of claim 63, further comprising a traffic light unit mounted to said first member. 