A telescopic crane, includes a substructure, a superstructure rotatably mounted onto the substructure, a counterweight and a telescoping boom structure which includes a main boom slewable about a luffing plane. The main boom has a boom base and at least one telescope section received in the boom base and displaceable between retracted and extended positions. At least one guy support is mounted to the boom structure and connected to a guy rope which extends substantially longitudinally in the direction of the boom structure. The guy support is oriented with respect to the luffing plane at an inclination which is so selected that a lateral load acting on the boom structure is partially or entirely received by the guying.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A telescopic crane, comprising: a mobile substructure; a superstructure rotatably mounted on the mobile substructure; a telescopic boom structure pivotally mounted to the superstructure for angular motion along a luffing plane, wherein the telescopic boom structure includes a base section and at least one telescoping section, and wherein the telescoping section is received in the base section and is displaceable between retracted and extended positions; at least one rigid guy support having a foot end and a top end, wherein the foot end of the at least one rigid guy support is pivotally attached to the telescopic boom structure; a tension arrangement including a first tension sub-arrangement and a second tension sub-arrangement, wherein the top end of the at least one rigid guy support is connected via the first tension sub-arrangement to the base section, and wherein the top end of the at least one rigid guy support is further connected via the second tension sub-arrangement to a top end of the boom structure; and at least one adjusting device attached to the at least guy one support and the boom structure, the at least one adjusting device positions the at least one guy support in at least one inclined position with respect to the luffing plane of the telescopic boom structure. 2. The telescopic crane of claim 1, wherein the at least one adjusting device is a cylinder-piston unit. 3. The telescopic crane of claim 1, wherein the top end of the at least one rigid guy support is connected via the second tension sub-arrangement to one of the telescoping sections. 4. The telescopic crane of claim 1, further comprising: at least one lifting unit for angularly raising and lowering the boom structure along the luffing plane. 5. The telescopic crane of claim 4, wherein the lifting unit is a hydraulic cylinder. 6. The telescopic crane of claim 1, wherein the at least one rigid guy support is operably fitted to selectively attach to and selectively detach from the boom structure. 7. The telescopic crane of claim 1, wherein the at least one rigid guy support further includes a girder at the foot end, the girder is attached to the boom structure and positioned transversely to the longitudinal direction of the boom structure. 8. The telescopic crane of claim 1, wherein the inclination of the at least one rigid guy support is one of (i) variable by steps and (ii) continuously variable. 9. The telescopic crane of claim 1, wherein the length of the at least one rigid guy support is variable. 10. The telescopic crane of claim 9, wherein the length of the at least one rigid guy support is one of (i) variable by steps and (ii) continuously variable. 11. The telescopic crane of claim 1, wherein the superstructure further includes a counterweight. 12. The telescopic crane of claim 1, wherein the tension arrangement includes at least one of a rope, a rod, a winch and a cylinder-piston unit. 13. The telescopic crane of claim 1, wherein the foot end of the at least one rigid guy support is pivotally attached to a top end of the boom structure. 14. The telescopic crane of claim 1, wherein the telescopic boom structure further includes at least one extension section, the extension section being attached to the innermost telescoping section at a top end of the boom structure, and wherein the at least one rigid guy support is connected via the second tension sub-arrangement to the extension sections. 15. The telescopic crane of claim 14, wherein the extension section includes a lattice tower. 16. The telescopic crane of claim 14, wherein the extension section is one of a fixed fly jib and a luffing fly jib including at least one slewed support. 17. The telescopic crane of claim 14, wherein the foot end of the at least one rigid guy support is pivotally attached to one of the telescopic sections. 18. The telescopic crane of claim 14, wherein the foot end of the at least one rigid guy support is pivotally attached to one of the extension sections. 19. The telescopic crane of claim 1, wherein the at least one rigid guy support includes two approximately parallel poles. 20. The telescopic crane of claim 19, wherein the at least one rigid guy support further includes a winch fitted between the two poles. 21. The telescopic crane of claim 19, wherein the at least one rigid guy support further includes a plurality of cross struts, and wherein a first pole of the two approximately parallel poles is connected to a second pole of the two approximately parallel poles using the plurality of cross struts. 22. The telescopic crane of claim 1, further comprising: a measuring apparatus determining a lateral deformation of the boom structure, wherein the measuring apparatus is coupled with the at least one load adjusting device, and wherein the at least one load adjusting device modifies an incline angle of the at least one rigid guy support to apply a tautening force against the lateral deformation. 23. The telescopic crane of claim 22, wherein the lateral deformation is determined as a function of at least one of a crane parameter and an external force acting on the boom structure, the crane parameter including one of a rope tension, a rope length, and rope extension, and the external force including one of an amount of exposure to side winds, an amount of exposure to sunlight and a temperature of the boom structure. 24. A telescopic crane, comprising: a mobile substructure; a superstructure rotatably mounted on the mobile substructure; a telescopic boom structure pivotally mounted to the superstructure for angular motion along a luffing plane, wherein the telescopic boom structure includes a base section and at least one telescoping section, and wherein the telescoping section is received in the base section and is displaceable between retracted and extended positions; a rigid guy support having a foot end and a top end, wherein the foot end of the rigid guy support is pivotally attached to the telescopic boom structure; a further rigid guy support having a foot end and a top end, wherein the foot end of the further rigid guy support is pivotally attached to the telescopic boom structure; a tension arrangement including a first tension sub-arrangement and a second tension sub-arrangement, wherein the top end of the rigid guy support is connected via the first tension sub-arrangement to the base section, wherein the top end of the rigid guy support is further connected via the second tension sub-arrangement to a top end of the boom structure; a further tension arrangement including a further first tension sub-arrangement and a further second tension sub-arrangement, wherein the top end of the further rigid guy support is connected via the further first tension sub-arrangement to the base section, wherein the top end of the further rigid guy support is further connected via the further second tension sub-arrangement to the top end of the boom structure; and an adjusting device attached to the rigid guy support and the boom structure, the adjusting device positioning the guy support in at least one inclined position with respect to the luffing plane of the telescopic boom structure; a further adjusting device attached to the further guy support and the boom structure, the further adjusting device positioning the further guy support in at least one inclined position with respect to the luffing plane of the telescopic boom structure, wherein the rigid guy support is inclinable to a first side of the luffing plane, and wherein the further rigid guy support is inclinable to a second side of the luffing plane. 25. The telescopic crane of claim 24, wherein the inclination of the guy support is separately variable from the inclination of the further rigid guy support. 26. The telescopic crane of claim 24, wherein the boom structure includes a first surface intersecting the luffing plane and a second surface situated on a first side of the luffing plane, and a third surface situated on a second side of the luffing plane, wherein the rigid guy support is pivotally attached to a first transition area of the boom structure situated between the first surface and the second surface, and wherein the further rigid guy support is pivotally attached to a second transition area of the boom structure situated between the first surface and the third surface. 27. A guying device for a boom structure of a crane, comprising: at least one rigid guy support having a foot end and a top end, wherein the foot end of the at least one rigid guy support is pivotally attachable to the boom structure and the top end of the at least one rigid guy support is adapted to be coupled with a tension arrangement connected to a top end of the boom structure and a bottom end of the boom structure; and at least one adjusting device attached to the at least one guy support and the boom structure, the at least one adjusting device positions the at least one guy support in at least one inclined position with respect to a luffing plane of the boom structure, wherein the foot end of the at least one rigid guy support is operably fitted to selectively attach to and selectively detach from the boom structure. 28. The guying device of claim 27, wherein at least one adjusting device is a cylinder-piston unit. 29. The guying device of claim 27, wherein at least one rigid guy support further includes a girder at the foot end, the girder is adapted to be attached to the boom structure and positioned transversely to the longitudinal direction of the boom structure. 30. The guying device of claim 27, wherein the inclination of the at least one rigid guy support is one of (i) variable by steps and (ii) continuously variable. 31. The guying device of claim 27, wherein a length of the at least one rigid guy support is variable. 32. The guying device of claim 31, wherein the length of the at least one rigid guy support is one of (i) variable by steps and (ii) continuously variable. 33. The guying device of claim 27, wherein the at least one rigid guy support includes two approximately parallel poles. 34. The guying device of claim 33, wherein the at least one rigid guy support further includes a winch fitted between the two poles. 35. The guying device of claim 27, wherein the at least one rigid guy support includes a plurality of cross struts, and wherein the first pole of the two approximately parallel poles is connected to a second pole of the two approximately parallel poles using the plurality of cross struts. 36. The guying device of claim 27, further comprising: a measuring apparatus determining a lateral deformation of the boom structure, wherein the measuring apparatus is coupled with the at least one adjusting device, and wherein the at least one adjusting device modifies an inclined angle of the at least one rigid guy support to apply a tautening force against the lateral deformation. 37. The guying device of claim 36, wherein the lateral deformation is determined as a function of at least one of a crane parameter and an external force acting on the boom structure, the crane parameter including one of a rope tension, a rope length, and rope extension, and the external force including one of an amount of exposure to side winds, an amount of exposure to sunlight and a temperature of the boom structure. 38. A guying device for a boom structure of a crane, comprising: a first rigid guy support having a foot end and a top end, wherein the foot end of the first rigid guy support is pivotally attachable to the boom structure and inclinable to a first side of a luffing plane of the boom structure, and wherein the top end of the first rigid guy support is couplable with a tension arrangement connected to a top end of the boom structure and a bottom end of the boom structure; a second rigid guy support having a foot end and a top end, wherein the foot end of the second rigid guy support is pivotally attachable to the boom structure and inclinable to a second side of the luffing plane, and wherein the top end of the second rigid guy support is couplable with a tension arrangement connected to a top end of the boom structure and a bottom end of the boom structure; a first adjusting device attached to the first guy support and attachable to the boom structure, the first adjusting device positioning the first guy support in at least one inclined position with respect to the first side of the luffing plane; and a second adjusting device attached to the second guy support and the boom structure, the second adjusting device positioning the second guy support in at least one inclined position with respect to a second side of the luffing plane. 39. The guying device of claim 38, wherein the foot end of the first rigid guy support is operably fitted to selectively attach to and selectively detach from the boom structure, and wherein the foot end of the second rigid guy support is operably fitted to selectively attach to and selectively detach from the boom structure. 40. The guying device of claim 38, wherein the inclination of the first guy support is separately variable from the inclination of the second rigid guy support. 41. The guying device of claim 38, wherein the boom structure includes a first surface intersecting the luffing plane and a second surface situated on a first side of the luffing plane, and a third surface situated on a second side of the luffing plane, wherein the first rigid guy support is pivotally attached to a first transition area of the boom structure situated between the first surface and the second surface, and wherein the second rigid guy support is pivotally attached to a second transition area of the boom structure situated between the first surface and the third surface. 42. The guying device of claim 38, further comprising: a frame including a mounting arrangement operably fitted to selectively attach the frame to and selectively detach the frame from the boom structure, wherein the first rigid guy support, the second rigid guy support, the first adjusting device, and the second adjusting device are attached to the same. 43. A method for guying a boom structure of a telescopic boom crane, comprising: adjusting a length of at least one adjusting device attached to at least one rigid guy support and the boom structure, the at least one adjusting device positions the at least one guy support in at least one inclined position with respect to a luffing plane of the telescopic boom crane. 44. The method of claim 43, further comprising: measuring deformation parameters, the deformation parameters including at least one of a crane parameter and an external force acting on the boom structure; determining a lateral deformation of the boom structure as a function of the deformation parameters; and modifying an incline angle of the at least one rigid guy support to apply a tautening force against the lateral deformation, the at least one rigid guy support is coupled with a tension arrangement connected to a top end of the boom structure and a bottom end of the boom structure. 45. The method of claim 43, wherein the crane parameter includes one of a rope tension, a rope length and a rope extension, and wherein the external force includes one of a strength and a direction of a laterally occurring wind, an amount of solar radiation and a temperature of the boom structure. 46. The method of claim 43, further comprising: changing a length of the at least one rigid guy support to apply a tautening force against the lateral deformation. 47. The method of claim 44, wherein the adjusting step includes (i) varying the length of the at least one adjusting device by steps and (ii) continuously varying the length of the at least one adjusting device. 48. The method of claim 43, wherein the modifying step includes (i) varying the incline angle of the at least one rigid guy support by steps and (ii) continuously varying the incline angle of the at least one rigid guy support. 49. The method of claim 44, wherein the changing step includes (i) varying the length of the at least one rigid guy support by steps and (ii) continuously varying the length of the at least one rigid guy support. 