A novel light modification device is described that includes an optical wheel having at least two light modification sections, the optical wheel being turned by an electric powered actuator and the electric power used to operate the actuator being provided by a light power to electric power converter. All of the optical wheel, actuator and light power to electric power converter being mounted on a housing. The housing being supported by a mounting mechanism so that light from a light source is aligned to illuminate the optical wheel and the light power to electric power converter.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A light modification device comprising: an optical wheel including at least two light modification sections; an electric powered actuator having a rotatable drive shaft, said optical wheel disposed from said drive shaft; a light power to electric power converter disposed to provide electric power to said actuator; a housing on which said actuator and said light power to electric power converter are disposed; and, a mounting mechanism disposed from said housing to support said housing for alignment with light from a light source. 2. The light modification device according to claim 1 further comprising an articulating joint disposed from said housing, said mounting mechanism disposed from said articulating joint. 3. The light modification device according to claim 1 wherein said light power to electric power converter is a solar cell. 4. The light modification device according to claim 1 further comprising a controller disposed to receive electric power from said light power to electric power converter and further disposed to output electric power to said actuator. 5. The light modification device according to claim 4 further comprising a position sensor disposed to monitor positions of said color wheel and further disposed to output signals derived from the positions to said controller. 6. The light modification device according to claim 1 further comprising a voltage regulator disposed to receive electric power from said light power to electric power converter and further disposed to output power for said actuator. 7. The light modification device according to claim 6 further comprising a charger disposed to receive electric power from said regulator, and a battery disposed to receive power from said charger, and said battery further disposed to output power for said actuator. 8. The light modification device according to claim 1, wherein said optical wheel includes having said light modification sections in contact with each other. 9. The light modification device according to claim 1, wherein said optical wheel includes an attachment plate, at least two arms disposed from said attachment plate and at least one light modification section disposed from each arm. 10. The light modification device according to claim 1, wherein said mounting mechanism is a clamping jaws. 