A chopped radiation source composed of a radiation source component, a chopping component and an optical fiber connector component. Each of these components is arranged within a housing in a manner such that the elements of each of these components will not move in an unintended manner during use.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A chopped radiation source comprising: a) a radiation source component comprising: (1) a radiation source in a fixed position (2) means for collimating radiation emitted by said radiation source, if the radiation emitted by said radiation source is not already collimated, and (3) means for directing collimated radiation to a focal point, b) a chopping component comprising: (1) a reed which at one end is capable of moving freely and at the other end is relatively fixed, (2) a chopper flag positioned at a 90.degree. angle with respect to the end of the reed which is capable of moving freely, (3) a means for adjusting pressure on the reed in a manner such that the chopper flag when at rest will be aligned with the focal point of the collimated radiation, (4) means for exciting the reed sufficiently to cause the reed to vibrate at its resonant frequency, and (5) a radiation detector positioned to receive and detect chopped radiation emanating from an optical fiber connector component, and c) the optical fiber connector component comprising: (1) optical fiber positioned so that one end receives radiation at the focal point of the collimated radiation, (2) a housing for the optical fiber with (3) an opening positioned so that radiation emitted through the opening will be received by the detector in said chopping component in which said radiation source component, said chopping component, and said optical fiber connector component are maintained in its proper position within a housing. 2. A chopped optical radiation source comprising: a) a radiation source component comprising a first housing composed of a material which is sufficiently rigid to support elements present therein in a manner such that those elements will not drift or move during use in which the elements comprise: (1) an optical radiation source, (2) means for collimating radiation from (1), if necessary, and (3) means for directing collimated radiation to a focal point, (4) optionally, means for detecting intensity of radiation from said optical radiation source, (5) optionally, means for adjusting intensity of the radiation from said optical radiation source, b) a chopping component comprising a second housing composed of a material which is sufficiently rigid to support elements present therein in a manner such that those elements will not drift or move during use in which the elements comprise: (6) a reed with a first end fixed to a wall of the second housing and a second end capable of moving freely, (7) a chopper flag positioned at a right angle to the second end of the reed and which is positioned to receive vibration originating from the reed to chop optical radiation from said optical radiation source at the focal point, (8) means for adjusting pressure on the reed to align the chopper flag's resting point, with the collimated radiation and the focal point, (9) a means for causing the reed to vibrate at the reed's resonant frequency, (10) a cavity for holding an optical fiber connector component such that an optical fiber is positioned at the focal point, (11) a means for securing the optical fiber connector component when it is positioned in said cavity, and (12) a radiation detector positioned to receive and detect chopped radiation emanating from an opening in the optical fiber connector component when the connector component is positioned in said cavity, and c) an optical fiber connector component capable of being positioned in said cavity comprising a third housing composed of a material which is sufficiently rigid to support elements present therein in a manner such that those elements will not drift or move during use which elements comprise: (13) an optical fiber with end face positioned at the focal point to receive chopped optical radiation from said chopping component and to transmit received optical radiation to a remote location, and (14) an opening in the housing of the optical fiber connector component which opening is positioned sufficiently close to the fiber's end face to emit radiation that has entered the fiber at an angle outside of the fiber's acceptance cone angle, and d) a means for aligning the first housing with the second housing. 3. The chopped radiation source of claim 1 in which the radiation source is a tungsten filament lamp. 4. The chopped radiation source of claim 1 in which the radiation source is a lamp which emits near infrared radiation. 5. The chopped radiation source of claim 2 in which each of the first and second housings is composed of metal. 6. The chopped radiation source of claim 2 in which each of the first and second housings is composed of stacked metal plates which have been bonded together. 7. The chopped radiation source of claim 1 in which said directing means is a beam steering prism. 8. The chopped radiation source of claim 1 in which said directing means is a beam steering mirror. 9. The chopped radiation source of claim 2 in which said directing means is a beam steering prism. 10. The chopped radiation source of claim 1 in which said means for adjusting radiation intensity is a bolt or screw. 11. The chopped radiation source of claim 1 in which the radiation source is a light emitting diode. 12. The chopped radiation source of claim 1 in which the radiation source is a light emitting diode capable of emitting ultraviolet, visible and near infrared radiation. 13. The chopped radiation source of claim 1 in which said directing means is a 45 degree beam steering prism. 14. The chopped radiation source of claim 1 in which said directing means is a flat mirror. 15. The chopped radiation source of claim 1 in which said collimating means is a sapphire ball lens. 16. The chopped radiation source of claim 15 in which the sapphire ball lens has a diameter of from 3 to 10 mm. 17. The chopped radiation source of claim 1 in which said radiation detector is a phototransistor. 18. The chopped radiation source of claim 1 in which said radiation detector is a photovoltaic or photoconductive diode. 19. The chopped radiation source of claim 2 in which said alignment means comprises posts mounted on the first housing which can be inserted into corresponding cavities present in the second housing. 20. The chopped radiation source of claim 1 in which the reed is made of spring steel. 21. The chopped radiation source of claim 1 in which the reed is from 15 to 50 mm in length, from 3 to 10 mm in height and from 0.2 to 0.8 mm thick. 22. The chopped radiation of claim 1 in which the chopper flag is an extension of the reed which has been formed by twisting the movable end of the reed by 90 degrees. 23. The chopped radiation source of claim 1 in which the reed is magnetically driven. 24. The chopped radiation source of claim 20 in which a solenoid coil is included in the chopping component to cause resonation of the reed. 25. The chopped radiation source of claim 1 in which the reed is a piezoelectric resonating reed. 26. The chopped radiation source of claim 22 in which the piezoelectric actuating material is polyvinylidene fluoride. 27. The chopped radiation source of claim 22 in which a pulsating AC or DC signal is used to provide resonance to the reed. 28. The chopped radiation source of claim 27 in which the AC or DC signal has a frequency between 30 and 1000 Hz. 29. The chopped radiation source of claim 27 in which the AC or DC signal has a frequency between 400 to 600 Hz. 30. A photometer which includes the chopped radiation source of claim 1. 31. A photometer which includes the chopped radiation source of claim 2. 32. A method for monitoring a chemical reaction comprising: (a) inserting a probe which is connected to the photometer of claim 30 into a reaction stream and (b) reviewing output from the photometer. 33. A method for monitoring a chemical reaction comprising: (a) inserting a probe which is connected to the photometer of claim 31 into a reaction stream and (b) reviewing output from the photometer. 34. A method for monitoring a chemical reaction comprising: (a) placing a flow through cell connected to the photometer of claim 30 into a stream to be monitored and (b) reviewing output from the photometer. 