A filling device for use to manually or automatically refill a fuel cartridge using a separate fuel container or a second fuel cartridge is disclosed. The filling device provides for the sharing or fuel among numerous fuel containers and fuel cartridges in various consumer electronic devices. Fuel cartridges can be filled in-situ using an adapter for connecting the fuel container to the fuel cartridge. The adapter includes an input connector and an output connector arranged to adapt various fuel containers and fuel cartridges together. The adapter can be arranged as a passive device or as an active device and can include pumps, valves, power sources and control units as desired.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An adapter for connecting a first fuel supply, having a first outlet to a second fuel supply, having a second inlet, comprising: an input connector, capable of connecting the adapter to the first outlet of the first fuel supply; and an output connector capable of connecting the adapter to the second inlet of the second fuel supply; wherein the adapter is arranged to transfer fuel from the first fuel supply to the second fuel supply, wherein the adapter is a separate device from the first fuel supply and the second fuel supply such that the adapter is readily removable from first and second fuel supplies. 2. The adapter of claim 1, wherein the adapter further comprises a pump. 3. The adapter of claim 1, wherein the pump is a manual pump. 4. The adapter of claim 1, wherein the pump is an electric pump. 5. The adapter of claim 4, wherein the adapter further comprises a power source to supply power to the electric pump. 6. The adapter of claim 5, wherein the power source comprises a battery. 7. The adapter of claim 5, wherein the power source comprises a solar panel. 8. The adapter of claim 5, wherein the power source comprises a fuel cell. 9. The adapter of claim 4, wherein a power source associated with at least one of the fuel supplies is adapted to supply power to the electric pump disposed in the adapter and said pump is adapted to transfer fuel from the first fuel supply to the second fuel supply. 10. The adapter of claim 9, wherein said at least one of the fuel supplies comprises a first set of electrical connectors and the adapter contains a second set of electrical connectors in contact with the first set of electrical connectors to supply power from the power source to the adapter. 11. The adapter of claim 5, wherein the adapter further comprises an electrical switch in communication with the pump. 12. The adapter of claim 1 further comprising at least one valve arranged to selectively stop the flow of fuel from the first fuel supply to the second fuel supply. 13. The adapter of claim 1, wherein the first outlet of the first fuel supply comprises a first half of a two-component valve and the input connector comprises a second half of the two-component valve. 14. The adapter of claim 1, wherein the second fuel supply is disposed in an electronic device and the adapter transfers fuel to the second fuel supply in-situ. 15. The adapter of claim 14, wherein the second inlet comprises a retractable valve connector connectable to the output connector on the adapter. 16. An adapter for connecting a first fuel supply to a second fuel supply comprising: an input connector to connect the adapter to the first fuel supply; and an output connector to connect the adapter to the second fuel supply, wherein the adapter is arranged to transfer fuel from the first fuel supply to the second fuel supply, wherein the adapter is a separate device from the first fuel supply and the second fuel supply, wherein a system associated with one of the fuel supplies for monitoring the amount of fuel contained therein is in communication with the adapter. 17. The adapter of claim 16, wherein said one of the fuel supplies comprises a first set of electrical connectors in contact with the fuel monitoring system and the adapter contains a second set of electrical connectors in contact with the first set of electrical connectors to receive information from the fuel monitoring system. 18. The adapter of claim 1 further comprising a display. 19. The adapter of claim 18, wherein the display comprises a light emitting diode or a liquid crystal display. 20. The adapter of claim 1, wherein the adapter comprises a logic control unit controlling the operation of the adapter. 21. An adapter for connecting a first fuel supply to a second fuel supply comprising: an input connector to connect the adapter to the first fuel supply, and an output connector to connect the adapter to the second fuel supply; wherein the adapter is arranged to transfer fuel from the first fuel supply to the second fuel supply, wherein the adapter is a separate device from the first fuel supply and the second fuel supply, and wherein the adapter further comprises a system to monitor a level of fuel within the second fuel supply and the monitoring system is configured to stop the flow of fuel from the first fuel supply when the level in the second fuel supply reaches a predetermined level. 22. The adapter of claim 21, wherein the second fuel supply comprises a fuel gauge to measure the amount of fuel in the second fuel supply and the monitoring system is in communication with the fuel gauge. 23. The adapter of claim 21, wherein the monitoring system comprises a logic control unit to control operation of the adapter. 24. The adapter of claim 21, wherein the predetermined value is less than about 85% to about 95% of fuel chamber capacity. 25. An adapter for connecting a fuel supply, having a first outlet, to a fuel chamber, having a second inlet, comprising: a fluid channel disposed within and passing through the adapter; an input connector connected to the adapter and in fluid connection with the fluid channel, the input connector capable of connecting the adapter to the first outlet of the fuel supply; and an output connector connected to the adapter and in fluid connection with the fluid channel, the output connector capable of connecting the adapter to the second inlet of the fuel chamber; wherein the adapter is arranged to transfer fuel from the fuel supply to the fuel chamber such that the adapter is readily removable from said fuel supply and said fuel chamber. 26. The adapter of claim 25, wherein the fluid channel comprises micro-channel sized piping. 27. An adapter for connecting a fuel supply to a fuel chamber, the adapter comprising: a fluid channel disposed within and passing through the adapter; an input connector connected to the adapter and in fluid connection with the fluid channel the input connector capable of connecting the adapter to the fuel supply; and an output connector connected to the adapter and in fluid connection with the fluid channel, the output connector capable of connecting the adapter to the fuel chamber, wherein the adapter is arranged to transfer fuel from the fuel cartridge to the fuel chamber wherein the adapter further comprises a pump connected to the fluid channel, wherein the pump in fluid communication with the input and output connectors. 28. An adapter for connecting a fuel supply to a fuel chamber, the adapter comprising: a fluid channel disposed within and passing through the adapter; an input connector connected to the adapter and in fluid connection with the fluid channel the input connector capable of connecting the adapter to the fuel supply; and an output connector connected to the adapter and in fluid connection with the fluid channel, the output connector capable of connecting the adapter to the fuel chamber; wherein the adapter is arranged to transfer fuel from the fuel cartridge to the fuel chamber, and wherein the adapter further comprises a fuel monitoring system, the fuel monitoring system comprising: a logic control unit operatively connected to the adapter to control operation of the adapter; and a fuel gauge connected to the logic control unit, wherein the fuel gauge measures the amount of fuel in the fuel chamber. 29. The adapter of claim 28, wherein the adapter further comprises an electrical valve disposed in the fluid channel, the electrical valve is connected to the logic control unit to control the flow of fuel through the adapter in response to the measured amount of fuel in the fuel chamber. 30. The adapter of claim 29, wherein the electrical valve comprises a solenoid valve. 31. A system for transferring fuel from a fuel cartridge to a fuel chamber, the system comprising: a fuel cartridge storing fuel, the fuel cartridge comprising a fuel cartridge connector; a fuel chamber disposed within an electronic device and in fluid communication with a fuel cell to supply power to the electronic device, the fuel chamber comprising a fuel chamber connector; and an adapter comprising an input connector connectable to the fuel cartridge connector, and an output connector in fluid connection with the input connector and connectable to the fuel chamber connector; wherein the adapter is arranged to transfer fuel from the fuel cartridge to the fuel chamber. 32. The system of claim 30, wherein the adapter further comprises piping disposed within and passing through the adapter, wherein the piping is in fluid communication with the input and output connectors. 33. The system of claim 32, further comprising a pump disposed in the piping, the pump is in fluid communication with the input and output connectors. 34. The system of claim 31, wherein the adapter further comprises: a fuel monitoring system, wherein the fuel monitoring system comprising a logic control unit operatively connected to the adapter to control operation of the adapter; and a fuel gauge disposed in the fuel chamber and connected to the logic control unit, wherein the fuel gauge measures the amount of fuel in the fuel chamber. 35. The system of claim 34, wherein the adapter further comprises a solenoid valve disposed in the piping, wherein the solenoid valve is in communication with the logic control unit to control the flow of fuel through the adaptor in response to the measured amount of fuel in the fuel chamber. 36. The system of claim 31, wherein the input connector comprises one half of a first two-component valve and the fuel cartridge connector comprises a mating half of the first two-component valve; and the output connector comprises one half of a second two-component valve and the fuel chamber connector comprises a mating half of the second two-component valve. 