A solar calibration device for a remote sensor having a housing having a deployable door at one portion of the housing and an aperture at another portion of the housing is provided. Disposed in the housing is a solar diffuser for receiving solar irradiance when the deployable door is in an open position, and diffusely reflecting the received solar irradiance. A solar diffuser monitor also disposed within the housing receives diffusely reflected solar irradiance from the solar diffuser, for calibrating the solar irradiance reflected from the solar diffuser, and receives solar irradiance directly from the sun through the aperture to calibrate the spectral reflectance of the solar diffuser monitor detectors based on the solar irradiance received directly from the sun.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar calibration device for a remote sensor comprising: a housing having a deployable door at one portion of the housing and an aperture at another portion of the housing; a solar diffuser disposed within the housing for receiving solar irradiance, when the deployable door is in an open position, and diffusely reflecting the received solar irradiance; a solar diffuser monitor having detectors, disposed within the housing, receiving the diffusely reflected solar irradiance from the solar diffuser, for calibrating the solar irradiance reflected from the solar diffuser, and the solar diffuser monitor receiving solar irradiance directly from the sun through the aperture, and calibrating the solar diffuser monitor detectors based on the solar irradiance received directly from the sun, wherein the solar diffuser monitor is pivoted between first and second positions, and the first position is configured to receive the diffusely reflected solar irradiance from the solar diffuser, and the second position is configured to receive the solar irradiance directly from the sun through the aperture. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein the solar diffuser monitor is pivoted between first, second and third positions, and the third position is configured to substantially prevent the solar diffuser monitor from receiving solar irradiance directly from the sun and solar radiance reflected from the solar diffuser. 3. The device of claim 2 wherein the solar diffuser monitor further comprises an aluminum shield disposed about the solar diffuser monitor. 4. The device of claim 1 wherein the solar diffuser monitor includes a plurality of photodiode detectors. 5. The device of claim 4 wherein one of the photodiode detectors is positioned directly opposite the aperture having a predetermined diameter size, the one photodiode detector is spaced at a predetermined distance from the aperture, and the predetermined diameter size and the distance are configured to permit direct solar irradiance to impinge on the photodiode detector, at an angle of substantially 0.degree. with respect to a normal line passing through the aperture and the photodiode detector. 6. The device of claim 4 wherein the photodiode detectors include a first set of three silicon diodes and a second set of InGaAs diodes. 7. The device of claim 6 wherein each diode of the first set of three silicon diodes is tuned to a different wavelength, and each diode of the second set of InGaAs diodes is tuned to a wavelength different from the wavelengths of the first set of three silicon diodes. 8. The device of claim 6 wherein the first set of three silicon diodes are tuned by respective filters to a center wavelength of 0.47, 0.64, and 0.86 microns, and the second set of InGaAs diodes are tuned by respective filters to a center wavelength of 1.38 microns. 9. The device of claim 8 wherein the remote sensor includes an advanced baseline imager (ABI) having an array of detectors. 10. The device of claim 9 wherein the array of detectors of the remote sensor are tuned to substantially the same wavelengths as the respective wavelengths of the first and second sets of diodes. 11. The device of claim 1 wherein the remote sensor receives radiation reflected from the solar diffuser by way of a scanner disposed downstream from the solar diffuser, and a scanner aperture is disposed between the scanner and the solar diffuser. 12. The device of claim 11 wherein the scanner aperture is approximately 13 cm in diameter. 13. A solar calibration method comprising the steps of: transmitting solar irradiance into a housing using a deployable door disposed at one portion of the housing and an aperture disposed at another portion of the housing; reflecting the transmitted solar irradiance, using a solar diffuser disposed within the housing, when the deployable door is in an open position; receiving, by a remote sensor, reflected solar irradiance from the solar diffuser, the reflected solar irradiance being a spectral standard for the remote sensor; receiving, by a solar diffuser monitor, reflected solar irradiance from the solar diffuser for calibration of the solar diffuser, receiving, by the solar diffuser monitor, solar irradiance directly from the aperture for calibrating solar diffuser monitor detectors based on the directly received solar irradiance; and pivoting the solar diffuser monitor between first and second positions, wherein the first position receives the diffusely reflected solar irradiance from the solar diffuser, and the second position receives the solar irradiance directly from the sun through the aperture. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein the steps of receiving the solar irradiance by the solar diffuser monitor includes detecting the solar irradiance at wavelengths, respectively tuned to a center wavelength of 0.47, 0.64, 0.86 and 1.38 microns. 15. The method of claim 13 wherein the steps of receiving the solar irradiance by the remote sensor includes detecting the solar irradiance at wavelengths, respectively tuned to a center wavelength of 0.47, 0.64, 0.86 and 1.38 microns. 16. The method of claim 13 further comprising the step of trending measurements of solar irradiance from the solar diffuser received by the solar diffuser monitor and comparing the measurements to solar irradiance measurements received by the remote sensor. 17. A method of calibrating a diffusive surface of a solar calibration device comprising the steps of: (a) positioning a remote sensor to receive reflected solar radiation from a diffusive surface for calibration of the remote sensor; (b) positioning a monitor to a first position to receive direct solar radiation for calibration of the monitor; (c) positioning the monitor to a second position to receive a dark spectral measurement of the diffusive surface; (d) deploying a door to an open position to expose the diffusive surface to solar irradiance; (e) simultaneously measuring spectral values, using the remote sensor and the monitor, of radiation reflected from the diffusive surface; (f) deploying the door to a closed position; and (g) positioning the monitor to a third position being a stowed position. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein step (b) is performed only during equinoxes. 19. The method of claim 17 wherein steps (c), (d) and (e) are performed in sequence, after performing step (a). 