A facility for the purpose of entertainment, education, or monitoring wherein there is provided an acoustic sensor (24) mounted on the outside of a toilet bowl (30) and a simple, inexpensive target (22) mounted to the inside of the toilet (28) thereby keeping the sensitive acoustic sensor and other electronics in a dryer and cleaner location. The sound of a urine stream contacting the target (22) propagates through the toilet (26) and is detected by the acoustic sensor (24). An analysis and feedback unit (32) monitors the sound of the urine stream contacting the target (22) and provides a message to the user indicating their success in hitting the target (22) with the urine stream.
Claims We claim: 1. An entertainment device for use with a toilet or a urinal comprising: a) a target for mounting within a toilet bowl or the urinal and is constructed such that, when struck by a liquid stream, said target creates an audible sound that is different when compared to the audible sound created when said liquid stream strikes a toilet bowl surface or a urinal surface, b) an acoustic sensor which converts said audible sounds into an electrical signal, said sensor is positioned on said toilet where the sensor is protected from substantial moisture and friction, c) means of analysis to analyze said electrical signal, d) means of feedback to provide a feedback to a user, e) means of transmitting said electrical signal from said sensor to said analysis means, f) means of transmitting an output signal from the means of analysis to said means of feedback, and g) a power supply, whereby said means of analysis responds to the electrical signal and said means of analysis transmits said output signal to said means of feedback and the means of feedback provides said feedback to said user in response to the impact of said liquid stream on said target and said surface of said toilet or urinal. 2. The entertainment device of claim 1 wherein said target is made of plastic. 3. The entertainment device of claim 1 wherein said sensor is comprised of a microphone. 4. The entertainment device of claim 1 wherein said means of analysis comprise: a) a signal amplification stage, b) an analog to digital converter, and c) a digital signal processor. 5. The entertainment device of claim 1 wherein the means of feedback comprise: a) a processor, b) a display driver, and c) a liquid crystal display. 6. The entertainment device of claim 1 wherein the power supply of said means of analysis and said means of feedback consists of a device selected from the group consisting of batteries, solar panels, fuel cells, and a means of connecting to external power supplies. 7. The entertainment device of claim 1 wherein said sensor and said means of analysis and said means of feedback comprise a means for a wireless data communications system to transmit a signal from said sensor to the group consisting of said means of analysis and said means of feedback. 8. The entertainment device of claim 1 further comprises a user detection device selected from the group consisting of a means for proximity detection, a means for light detection and a means for sound detection. 9. The entertainment device of claim 1 wherein there exists a plurality of said targets such that each target when struck by said liquid stream creates a sound with a sonic signature that is substantially different when compared to the sonic signature of the sound created by said liquid stream striking another said target. 10. The entertainment device of claim 1 wherein the feedback means is an audio means producing an audible signal when activated. 11. The entertainment device of claim 1 wherein the feedback means is a visual means producing a visible signal when activated. 12. The entertainment device of claim 1 wherein there exists a plurality of said entertainment devices whereby said feedback from said entertainment device is compared to the feedback from a second entertainment device. 13. The entertainment device of claim 1, wherein said means of analysis comprises a removable memory containing data unique to the means of analysis. 14. The entertainment device of claim 1, wherein said means of feedback comprises a removable memory containing data unique to the means of feedback. 15. The entertainment device of claim 1, wherein said means of analysis and said means of feedback are located inside a housing. 16. A method of entertaining a user of a urinal, the method comprising the steps of: a) providing an entertainment device for use with the urinal comprising: a target for mounting within the urinal and is constructed such that, when struck by a liquid stream, said target creates a sound with a sonic signature that is different than a sonic signature of a sound created when said liquid stream strikes the urinal, an adhesive on the base of said target to attach said target within said urinal, a microphone that converts said sound into an electrical signal, said microphone is situated on the exterior of said urinal where said microphone is protected from substantial moisture and friction, an adhesive on an outer rim of a diaphragm cover of said microphone to attach said microphone to the exterior of said urinal, an analysis and feedback unit to analyze said electronic signals and provide a feedback to a user, the analysis and feedback unit comprising: a) a signal amplification stage, b) an analog to digital converter, c) a processor, d) a display driver, and e) a liquid crystal display, a housing for said analysis and feedback unit with said housing adapted to position said analysis and feedback unit in the view of said user, and a wire to connect said sensor to said analysis and feedback unit, b) directing said liquid stream against the wall of said urinal, c) converting the sound of the impact of said liquid stream against the wall of said urinal into an electric signal with said microphone for transferring by said wire into said analysis and feedback unit, d) amplifying said electrical signal with said signal amplification stage for transferring to the analog to digital converter, e) converting the amplified representation of said electric signal with said analog to digital converter into a digital signal for transferring to the processor, f) comparing said digital signal to a reference digital signal that is recorded from the sound of the impact of said liquid stream upon said target to calculate the success of said user in impacting said liquid stream upon said target, g) displaying on said liquid crystal display a representation of the success of said user in impacting said liquid stream upon said target, whereby said analysis and feedback unit provides entertainment to said user in response to the impact of said liquid stream on said target and the urinal. 17. A method of communicating information about the impact of a liquid stream of material upon a surface of a toilet or a urinal, the method comprising the steps of: a) providing a device for use with the surface comprising: a target for mounting within a toilet bowl or the urinal and is constructed such that, when struck by a liquid stream, said target creates a sound with a sonic signature that is substantially different than a sonic signature of a sound created when said liquid stream strikes the surface of the toilet or the urinal on which said target is located, an acoustic sensor which converts said sound into an electrical signal, said acoustic sensor is situated on the exterior of the toilet and urinal where said acoustic sensor is protected from substantial moisture and friction, an analysis and feedback unit to analyze said electrical signal and provide a feedback to a user, the analysis and feedback unit comprising: a) a signal amplification stage, b) an analog to digital converter, c) a processor, and d) a means of output, a housing for said analysis and feedback unit, and a means to connect said sensor to said analysis and feedback unit, b) directing said liquid stream onto said surface of the toilet or the urinal, c) converting the sound of the impact of said liquid stream onto said surface with said acoustic sensor into said electrical signal for transferring to said analysis and feedback unit by said means to connect said sensor to said analysis and feedback unit, d) converting said electrical signal into a digital signal, e) comparing said digital signal with a reference digital signal that is recorded from the sound of the impact of the liquid stream upon said target to calculate the quantity of said liquid stream impacting said target, and f) producing a signal indicating the quantity of said liquid stream impacting said target, whereby said analysis and feedback unit provides an output in response to the impact of said liquid stream on said target and surface. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein the means to connect said sensor to said analysis and feedback unit is a dual conductor wire. 19. The method of claim 17 wherein the means to connect said sensor to said analysis and feedback unit is an electronic wireless data transmission system. 20. The method of claim 17, wherein the analysis and feedback unit comprises a removable memory for storing data unique to the analysis and feedback unit. 