An infant car seat comprising: (a) a seat adapted to receive an occupant; and (b) an illumination system that includes a focused light emitting source in electrical communication with a switch adapted to be in electrical communication with a power source to illuminate the focused light emitting source and downwardly directing light in front of the occupant proximate a lap region. A method of illuminating a child car seat, the method comprising the step of illuminating a seat portion of a child car seat by at least one of focusing an illumination source and orienting an illumination source to direct light downward onto the seat portion.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An infant car seat comprising: a seat adapted to receive an occupant; a back support including a pair of opposed left and right headrests; and an illumination system that includes an illumination housing containing a power source, a light emitting source, and circuitry establishing selective electrical communication between the power source and the light emitting source, the illumination system mounted on at least one of the headrests in a downwardly directed orientation, the illumination system also including a focused light emitting source including a focusing lens in electrical communication with a switch adapted to be in electrical communication with the power source and illuminating the light emitting source and downwardly directing light in front of the occupant proximate a lap region. 2. The infant car seat of claim 1, wherein the focused light emitting source is oriented to primarily illuminate a lower region of the occupant. 3. The infant car seat of claim 1, wherein the illumination system includes a plurality of focused light emitting sources. 4. The infant car seat of claim 1, wherein the focused light emitting source is mounted to a back support of the seat and oriented to illuminate a lower region of the occupant. 5. The infant car seat of claim 1, wherein the focused light emitting source is repositionably mounted to the seat. 6. The infant car seat of claim 1, wherein the focused light source is removably mounted to the seat. 7. The infant car seat of claim 1, wherein the focused light source is adapted to be remotely mounted from the seat. 8. The infant car seat of claim 1, wherein the focused light emitting source includes at least one of a light emitting diode, an incandescent bulb, and a halogen bulb. 9. The infant car seat of claim 8, wherein the focused light emitting source emits a colored light. 10. The infant car seat of claim 1, further comprising a music player. 11. The infant car seat of claim 1, wherein the focused light emitting source is operative to provide multiple intensities of light. 12. The infant car seat of claim 1, wherein the illumination system further comprises a dimmer in electrical communication with the focused light emitting source. 13. The infant car seat of claim 1, wherein the switch is optically sensitive to light to discontinue power to the illumination system upon detecting a predetermined degree of ambient light. 14. The infant car seat of claim 1, wherein the switch is motion sensitive to discontinue power to the illumination system upon detecting a predetermined degree of motion by the occupant of the scat. 15. The infant car seat of claim 1, wherein the switch is sensitive to occupancy of the seat to discontinue power to the illumination system upon detecting an absence of the occupant from the seat. 16. The infant ear seat of claim 1, wherein the switch is integrated into the focused light emitting source. 17. The infant ear seat of claim 1, wherein the switch is integrated into the seat. 18. The infant car seat of claim 1, wherein the switch is integrated into a remote control. 19. The infant car seat of claim 18, wherein the remote control is wireless. 20. The infant car seat of claim 1, wherein the focused light emitting source includes a translucent lens. 21. The infant car seat of claim 20, wherein the lens is textured. 22. The infant car seat of claim 20, wherein the lens is colored. 23. A method of illuminating a child car seat, the method comprising the steps of: providing an illumination system that includes an illumination housing containing a power source, a light emitting source, and circuitry establishing selective electrical communication between the power source and the light emitting source, illuminating a seat portion of a child car seat by at least one of focusing an illumination source using a focusing lens and orienting an illumination source to direct light downward onto the seat portion; and providing a switch adapted to be in electrical communication with the power source and illuminating the light emitting source. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the illumination source is focused on the seat portion. 25. The method of claim 23, wherein the illumination source is oriented in proximity to the seat portion. 26. The method of claim 23, wherein the illuminating step includes the step of providing electrical communication with a power source, where the power source includes at least one of a battery, an alternator, and a solar array. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein electrical communication step includes at least one of: the step of mounting a plug to a receiver, where the receiver is associated with a vehicle and the plug is associated with the child car seat; and the step of mounting a plug to a receiver, where the receiver is associated with the child ear seat and the plug is associated with a vehicle. 28. The method of claim 26, wherein the step of providing electrical communication with the power source includes at least one of: toggling a lens of the illumination source; utilizing a dimmer switch; utilizing a timer in electrical communication with the electrical switch; utilizing a motion sensor in electrical communication with an electrical switch; utilizing an optical sensor in electrical communication with an electrical switch; utilizing a remote control; and utilizing a child car seat occupancy sensor in electrical communication with an electrical switch. 29. The method of claim 23, wherein the illumination source is at least one of: integrated into the child car seat; removably mounted to the child car seat; and repositionably mounted to the child car seat. 30. The infant car seat of claim 1, wherein the illumination system further includes a timer operative to selectively discontinue electrical communication between the power source and the focused light emitting source. 