An extremely low power transducer for use with a meter is able to be powered by miniature solar cells to measure and display a physical quantity such as pressure, force, level or distance. The transducer provides a variable capacitance to an electronic circuit that includes an integrated circuit for conversion to the displayed value.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A variable capacitive sensor, which comprises: an outer shell defining a first electrode of the capacitive sensor, the outer shell having an axial bore formed therethrough, and having at least a first open axial end in fluid communication with the axial bore; at least a first piston reciprocatingly axially movable within the bore of the outer shell, the at least first piston defining a second electrode of the capacitive sensor; at least a first piston shaft, the at least first piston shaft being connected to the at least first piston; and at least a first end cap bearing, the at least first end cap bearing being mounted on the outer shell at the at least first open axial end thereof, the at least first end cap bearing having a shaft opening formed through the thickness thereof, the at least first piston shaft being received by and reciprocatingly slidably moveable in the shaft opening. 2. A variable capacitive sensor as defined by claim 1, wherein the outer shell includes an inner wall defining the axial bore; wherein the at least first piston includes an outer radial surface; and wherein the outer radial surface of the at least first piston is spaced from the inner wall of the outer shell by a predetermined distance. 3. A variable capacitive sensor as defined by claim 1, wherein the outer shell is cylindrical in overall shape. 4. A variable capacitive sensor as defined by claim 3, wherein the outer shell includes a first axial portion having a first inner diameter defined by the inner wall, and at least a second axial portion having a second diameter defined by the inner wall and being situated axially adjacent to the first axial portion, the first diameter being different from the second diameter, the at least first piston being reciprocatingly moveable within the axial bore over the first portion and the at least second portion of the outer shell. 5. A variable capacitive sensor as defined by claim 1, wherein the at least first piston includes opposite axial faces, and wherein at least one of the opposite axial faces has formed therein a cutout portion. 6. A variable capacitive sensor as defined by claim 1, wherein the at least first end cap bearing has a fluid vent opening formed through the thickness thereof, the fluid vent opening being in fluid communication with the axial bore of the outer shell. 7. A variable capacitive sensor as defined by claim 1, which further comprises: at least one pivot pin disposed on and extending outwardly from the outer shell. 8. A variable capacitive sensor as defined by claim 1, wherein the outer shell includes a second open axial end opposite the at least first open axial end, the second open axial end being in fluid communication with the axial bore; and wherein the sensor further comprises a second end cap bearing, the second end cap bearing being mounted on the outer shell at the second open axial end thereof, the second end cap bearing having a shaft opening formed through the thickness thereof, the at least first piston shaft being received by and reciprocatingly slidably moveable in the shaft opening of the second end cap bearing. 9. A variable capacitive sensor as defined by claim 8, wherein the at least first piston shaft includes a proximal end situated near the at least first end cap bearing and a distal end situated opposite the proximal end and near the second end cap bearing, and wherein the sensor further comprises a bumper situated on the distal end of the at least first piston shaft and engageable with the second end cap bearing. 10. A variable capacitive sensor as defined by claim 9, which further comprises: an end cap, the end cap being situated on the proximal end of the at least first piston shaft for connection to a pressure sensitive device. 11. A variable capacitive sensor as defined by claim 1, wherein the at least first end cap bearing includes a portion thereof extending partially axially into the axial bore of the outer shell to define an internal piston stop. 12. A variable differential capacitive sensor, which comprises: an outer shell defining a first electrode of the capacitive sensor, the outer shell having an axial bore formed therethrough, and having at least a first open axial end in fluid communication with the axial bore; at least a first piston and a second piston operatively linked together, the at least first and second pistons reciprocatingly axially moveable within the axial bore of the outer shell, the at least first piston and second piston respectively defining a second electrode and a third electrode of the capacitive sensor; at least a first piston shaft, the at least first piston shaft being operatively linked to the at least first piston and second piston; and at least a first end cap bearing, the at least first end cap bearing being mounted on the outer shell at the least first open axial end thereof, the at least first end cap bearing having a shaft opening formed through the thickness thereof, the at least first piston shaft being received by and reciprocatingly slidably moveable in the shaft opening. 13. A variable differential capacitive sensor as defined by claim 12, wherein the outer shell includes an inner wall defining the axial bore; wherein each of the at least first piston and second piston includes an outer radial surface; and wherein the outer radial surface of each of the at least first piston and second piston is spaced from the inner wall of the outer shell by a predetermined distance. 14. A variable differential capacitive sensor as defined by claim 12, wherein the outer shell is cylindrical in overall shape. 15. A variable differential capacitive sensor as defined by claim 14, wherein the outer shell includes a first axial portion having a first inner diameter defined by the inner wall, and at least a second axial portion having a second diameter defined by the inner wall and being situated axially adjacent to the first axial portion, the first diameter being different from the second diameter, the at least first piston and second piston being reciprocatingly moveable within the axial bore over the first portion and the at least second portion of the outer shell. 16. A variable differential capacitive sensor as defined by claim 12, wherein the first piston includes an axial face and the second piston includes an axial face, the axial face of the first piston being disposed in an opposite direction to that of the axial face of the second piston, and wherein the axial face of the at least one of the first piston and the second piston has formed therein a cutout portion. 17. A variable differential capacitive sensor as defined by claim 12, wherein the at least first end cap bearing has a fluid vent opening formed through the thickness thereof, the fluid vent opening being in fluid communication with the axial bore of the outer shell. 18. A variable differential capacitive sensor as defined by claim 12, which further comprises: at least one pivot pin disposed on and extending outwardly from the outer shell. 19. A variable differential capacitive sensor as defined by claim 12, wherein the outer shell includes a second open axial end opposite the at least first open axial end, the second open axial end being in fluid communication with the axial bore; and wherein the sensor further comprises a second end cap bearing, the second end cap bearing being mounted on the outer shell at the second open axial end thereof, the second end cap bearing having a shaft opening formed through the thickness thereof, and further comprising a second piston shaft, the second piston shaft being received by and reciprocatingly slidably moveable in the shaft opening of the second end cap bearing, the at least first piston shaft being connected to the at least first piston, and the second piston shaft being connected to the second piston. 20. A variable differential capacitive sensor as defined by claim 19, which further comprises: a bumper situated on the second piston shaft and engageable with the second end cap bearing. 21. A variable differential capacitive sensor as defined by claim 20, which further comprises: an end cap, the end cap being situated on the at least first piston shaft for connection to a pressure sensitive device. 22. A variable differential capacitor sensor as defined by claim 12, wherein the at least first end cap bearing includes a portion thereof extending partially axially into the axial bore of the outer shell to define an internal piston stop. 23. A pressure sensor, which comprises: a variable capacitive sensor as defined by claim 1; and a pressure sensitive Bourdon tube, the Bourdon tube having an expandable and contractable portion which moves in response to pressure sensed by the Bourdon tube, the expandable and contractable portion being operatively linked to the at least first piston shaft to move the at least first piston shaft and the at least first piston connected thereto within the axial bore in response to movement of the expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube. 24. A pressure sensor as defined by claim 23, wherein the variable capacitive sensor further includes at least one pivot pin, the at least one pivot pin being disposed on and extending outwardly from the outer shell; and wherein the pressure sensor further comprises as least one pivot bearing, the at least one pivot bearing being mounted to the Bourdon tube, the at least one pivot bearing having a opening formed therein for pivotably receiving the at least one pivot pin of the capacitive sensor to allow the capacitive sensor to pivot thereon with movement of the expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube. 25. A pressure sensor, which comprises: a variable differential capacitive sensor as defined by claim 12; and a pressure sensitive Bourdon tube, the Bourdon tube having an expandable and contractable portion which moves in response to pressure sensed by the Bourdon tube, the expandable and contractable portion being operatively linked to the at least first piston shaft to move the at least first piston shaft and the at least first piston and second piston operatively linked thereto within the axial bore in response to movement of the expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube. 26. A pressure sensor as defined by claim 25, wherein the variable differential capacitive sensor further includes at least one pivot pin, the at least one pivot pin being disposed on and extending outwardly from the outer shell; and wherein the pressure sensor further comprises at least one pivot bearing, the at least one pivot bearing mounted to the Bourdon tube, the at least one pivot bearing having an opening formed therein for pivotally receiving the at least one pivot pin of the capacitive sensor to allow the capacitive sensor to pivot thereon with movement of the expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube. 27. A variable capacitive pressure sensor, which comprises: a pressure sensitive Bourdon tube, the Bourdon tube having an expandable and contractable portion which moves in response to pressure sensed by the Bourdon tube; a first plate mounted directly on the unconstrained expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube, the first plate defining a first electrode of the capacitive pressure sensor and being moveable with the unconstrained expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube; and a second plate, the second plate being fixedly situated in proximity to the first plate and defining a second electrode of the capacitive pressure sensor, the first and second plates defining a spacing therebetween, the spacing being changeable with movement of the unconstrained expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube and the first plate mounted thereon. 28. A variable capacitive pressure sensor as defined by claim 27, which further comprises: a first mounting sector, the first mounting sector being coupled to the Bourdon tube, the second plate being mounted on the first mounting sector. 29. A variable capacitive pressure sensor as defined by claim 28, wherein the first mounting sector includes a plate-like member residing in a plane, and wherein the second plate extends perpendicularly from the first mounting sector in one of underlying and overlying relationship to the first plate. 30. A variable capacitive pressure sensor as defined by claim 28, which further comprises: a first insulator, the first insulator being mounted to the Bourdon tube and extending in an axially direction thereto, the first mounting sector being mounted on the first insulator. 31. A variable differential capacitive pressure sensor, which comprises: a pressure sensitive Bourdon tube, the Bourdon tube having an expandable and contractable portion which moves in response to pressure sensed by the Bourdon tube, the expandable and contractable portion having an upper surface and a lower surface situated opposite the upper surface; a first plate mounted on the lower surface of the expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube, the first plate at least partially defining a first electrode of the capacitive pressure sensor and being moveable with the expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube; a second plate, the second plate being fixedly situated in proximity to the first plate, the first and second plates defining a first spacing therebetween, the first spacing being changeable with movement of the expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube and the first plate mounted thereon, the second plate defining a second electrode of the capacitive pressure sensor; a third plate, the third plate being mounted on the upper surface of the expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube, the third plate at least partially defining with the first plate the first electrode of the capacitive pressure sensor and being moveable with the expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube; and a fourth plate, the fourth plate being fixedly situated in proximity to the third plate, the third and fourth plates defining a second spacing therebetween, the second spacing being changeable with movement of the expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube and the third plate mounted thereon, the fourth plate defining a third electrode of the capacitive pressure sensor. 32. A variable differential capacitive pressure sensor as defined by claim 31, which further comprises: a first mounting sector, the first mounting sector being coupled to the Bourdon tube, the second plate being mounted on the first mounting sector; and a second mounting sector, the second mounting sector being coupled to the Bourdon tube, the fourth plate being mounted on the second mounting sector. 33. A variable differential capacitive pressure sensor as defined by claim 32, wherein the first mounting sector includes a first plate-like member residing in a first plane; wherein the second plate extends perpendicularly from the first mounting sector in underlying relationship to the first plate; wherein the second mounting sector includes a second plate-like member residing in a second plane which is disposed parallelly to the first plane; and wherein the fourth plate extends perpendicularly from the second mounting sector in overlying relationship to the third plate. 34. A variable differential capacitive pressure sensor as defined by claim 32, which further comprises: a first insulator, the first insulator being mounted to the Bourdon tube and extending in an axially direction thereto, the first mounting sector being mounted on the first insulator; and a second insulator, the second insulator being mounted to the Bourdon tube and extending axially direction thereto, the second mounting sector being mounted on the second insulator. 35. A variable capacitive pressure sensor, which comprises: a pressure sensitive Bourdon tube, the Bourdon tube having an unconstrained expandable and contractable portion which moves in response to pressure sensed by the Bourdon tube, the Bourdon tube having a first surface forming a portion of the unconstrained expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube and which defines a first electrode of the capacitive pressure sensor; and a first plate, the first plate being fixedly situated in proximity to the first surface and defining a second electrode of the capacitive pressure sensor, the first plate and the first surface of the Bourdon tube defining a spacing therebetween, the spacing being changeable with movement of the unconstrained expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube and the first surface situated thereon. 36. A variable differential capacitive pressure sensor, which comprises: a pressure sensitive Bourdon tube, the Bourdon tube having an unconstrained expandable and contractable portion which moves in response to pressure sensed by the Bourdon tube, the unconstrained expandable and contractable portion having an upper surface and a lower surface situated opposite the upper surface, the upper and lower surfaces forming portion of the Bordon tube and defining a first eletrode of the capacitive sensor; a first plate, the first plate being fixedly situated in proximity to the lower surface of the Bourdon tube, the first plate and the lower surface of the Bourdon tube defining a first spacing therebetween, the first spacing being changeable with movement of the unconstrained expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube and the lower surface situated thereon, the first plate defining a second electrode of the capacitive sensor; and a second plate, the second plate being fixedly situated in proximity to the upper surface of the Bourdon tube, the second plate and the upper surface of the Bourdon tube defining a second spacing therebetween, the second spacing being changeable with movement of the unconstrained expandable and contractable portion of the Bourdon tube and the upper surface situated thereon, the second plate defining a third electrode of the capacitive sensor. 37. A digital pressure gauge, which comprises: a pressure sensor as defined by claim 23; and an electronic circuit, the pressure sensor providing a value of capacitance in response to pressure sensed by the pressure sensor, the electronic circuit having a microprocessor and a display electrically connected to the microprocessor, the microprocessor causing the display to indicate the pressure sensed by the pressure sensor in response to the value of capacitance provided by the pressure sensor. 38. A digital pressure gauge as defined by claim 37, wherein the electronic circuit further includes a source of solar power, the source of solar power providing electrical power to the microprocessor and display. 39. A digital pressure gauge, which comprises: a pressure sensor as defined by claim 25; and an electronic circuit, the pressure sensor providing a value of capacitance in response to pressure sensed by the pressure sensor, the electronic circuit having a microprocessor and a display electrically connected to the microprocessor, the microprocessor causing the display to indicate the pressure sensed by the pressure sensor in response to the value of capacitance provided by the pressure sensor. 40. A digital pressure gauge as defined by claim 39, wherein the electronic circuit further includes a source of solar power, the source of solar power providing electrical power to the microprocessor and display. 41. A digital pressure gauge, which comprises: a variable capacitive pressure sensor as defined by claim 27; and an electronic circuit, the pressure sensor providing a value of capacitance in response to pressure sensed by the pressure sensor, the electronic circuit having a microprocessor and a display electrically connected to the microprocessor, the microprocessor causing the display to indicate the pressure sensed by the pressure sensor in response to the value of capacitance provided by the pressure sensor. 42. A digital pressure gauge as defined by claim 41, wherein the electronic circuit further includes a source of solar power, the source of solar power providing electrical power to the microprocessor and display. 43. A digital pressure gauge which comprises: a variable differential capacitive pressure sensor as defined by claim 31; and an electronic circuit, the pressure sensor providing a value of capacitance in response to pressure sensed by the pressure sensor, the electronic circuit having a microprocessor and a display electrically connected to the microprocessor, the microprocessor causing the display to indicate the pressure sensed by the pressure sensor in response to the value of capacitance provided by the pressure sensor. 44. A digital pressure gauge as defined by claim 43, wherein the electronic circuit further includes a source of solar power, the source of solar power providing electrical power to the microprocessor and display. 45. A digital pressure gauge, which comprises: a variable capacitive pressure sensor as defined by claim 35; and an electronic circuit, the pressure sensor providing a value of capacitance in response to pressure sensed by the pressure sensor, the electronic circuit having a microprocessor and a display electrically connected to the microprocessor, the microprocessor causing the display to indicate the pressure sensed by the pressure sensor in response to the value of capacitance provided by the pressure sensor. 46. A digital pressure gauge as defined by claim 45, wherein the electronic circuit further includes a source of solar power, the source of solar power providing electrical power to the microprocessor and display. 47. A digital pressure gauge, which comprises: a variable differential capacitive pressure sensor as defined by claim 36; and an electronic circuit, the pressure sensor providing a value of capacitance in response to pressure sensed by the pressure sensor, the electronic circuit having a microprocessor and a display electrically connected to the microprocessor, the microprocessor causing the display to indicate the pressure sensed by the pressure sensor in response to the value of capacitance provided by the pressure sensor. 48. A digital pressure gauge as defined by claim 47, wherein the electronic circuit further includes a source of solar power, the source of solar power providing electrical power to the microprocessor and display. 