An insulating unitless window sash includes a sash frame made of four linear sash members having their mitered edges joined together. Each of the sash members in cross section includes a peripheral surface, a first and outer side walls and a first groove spaced from a second groove. Each of the grooves has a base and spaced walls. The base of the first groove is spaced a greater distance from the peripheral surface than the base of the second groove. Peripheral and marginal edges of a first sheet are in the first groove and peripheral and marginal edges of a second sheet are in the second groove. A shim is mounted on the sash frame adjacent the outer surface of the first sheet to give a balance configuration. A method of fabricating the insulating unitless sash is also disclosed.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of making an insulating window sash comprising: providing a plurality of sash sections, each sash section comprising a first end, an opposite second end, a first side, an opposite second side, a third side between the first and second sides, and a fourth side between the first and second sides and opposite to the third side, the second side having a first groove extending from the first end to the second end and adjacent the fourth side and a second groove extending from the first end to the second end, spaced from the first groove and adjacent the third side, the base of the first groove spaced a greater distance from the first side than the base of the second groove, a first sheet supporting surface aligned with the first groove and a second sheet supporting surface aligned with the second groove and an edge of the first sheet supporting surface spaced a greater distance from the first side than an edge of the second sheet supporting surface; positioning the plurality of sash sections relative to one another with the first end of the plurality of sash sections facing and spaced from the second end of an adjacent one of the plurality of sash sections, the first sheet supporting surface of each one of the plurality of sash sections generally aligned with one another and the second sheet supporting surface of each one of the plurality of sash sections generally aligned with one another; providing a first sheet and a second sheet, each of the sheets having similar peripheral configurations with the first sheet having a peripheral dimension less than the peripheral dimension of the second sheet; supporting portions of the marginal edge of the first sheet on the first sheet supporting surface of the plurality of sash sections and portions of the marginal edge of the second sheet on the second sheet supporting surface of the plurality of sash sections, and moving the sash sections toward one another to move the first end and the second end of adjacent ones of the sash sections toward one another and portions of the supported marginal edge of the first sheet into the first groove of the sash section and portions of the supported marginal edge of the second sheet into the second groove. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising applying a moisture impervious sealant in each of the grooves, and a moisture pervious adhesive having a desiccant on the second side of selected ones of the plurality of sash sections between the grooves of the selected ones of the plurality of sash sections. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the window unit has a parallelepiped shape and each of the sash sections has a general "L" shape. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the window unit has a parallelepiped shape and the plurality of sash sections comprises four linear sash members. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein during the moving of the sash members toward one another, the ends of adjacent sash members are sealed to prevent ingress of moisture into space between the sheets. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the sheets are selected from the group of glass sheets, clear glass sheets, tinted glass sheets, coated sheets, photocatalytic coated glass sheets, glass sheets having solar control coatings and combinations thereof. 7. The method of claim 1 further comprising providing a recess in each end of the sash sections and providing a layer of a moisture impervious adhesive in the recess. 8. A method of making an insulating window sash comprising: providing a plurality of sash members each sash member having a first side, an opposite second side, the second side having a first ledge extending away from the first side and a second ledge spaced from the first ledge and extending away from the first side, a first groove, and a second groove spaced from the first groove; arranging the sash members relative to one another to have an end of the first ledge of each of the sash members define a first open area and an end of the second ledge of each of the sash members define a second open area greater than the first open area, wherein ends of at least two adjacent sash members are spaced from one another; providing the first and second grooves of each sash member with a layer of a moisture impervious sealant adhesive; positioning marginal edge portions of a first sheet on the first ledge and marginal edge portions of a second sheet on the second ledge wherein the surface area of a major surface of the second sheet is greater than the surface area of a major surface of the first sheet, and moving the sash members and the sheets relative to one another to accomplish at least one of the following: to secure any unsecured ends of adjacent sash members to one another, to move the ends of the at least two adjacent sash members toward one another to move the marginal edges of the first sheet into the first groove and the marginal edges of the second sheet into the second groove to flow the layer of moisture impervious adhesive in the first groove on marginal edge portions of the first sheet and the layer of moisture impervious adhesive in the second groove on marginal edge portions of the second sheet and combinations thereof to provide the insulating window sash. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein each of the plurality of sash members further comprises a third side between the first and second sides and an opposite fourth side, wherein the height of the fourth side measured from the first side is less than the height of the third side measured from the first side and further comprising: mounting trim on outer surface of the second sheet. 10. The method of claim 8 wherein each of the sash members has a first end and an opposite second end and arranging the sash members, comprises: joining the second end of a first sash member to the first end of a second sash member, and joining the second end of a third sash member to the first end of a fourth sash member, and positioning the first end of the first sash member adjacent to and spaced from the second end of the fourth sash member, and the second end of the second sash member adjacent to and spaced from the first end of the third sash member wherein the ends of the at least two adjacent sash members spaced from and in facing relationship to one another are the first end of the first sash member and the second end of the fourth sash member. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein each of the sash members are linear sash members, and each of the sash members in cross section comprises the first side, the second side and a third side between the first and second side, and a fourth side opposite to the third side, each of the grooves has a base and sidewalls with the base of the first groove spaced farther from the first side than the base of the second groove, the first ledge transitions to one of the sidewalls of the first groove and the second ledge transitions to one of the sidewalls of the second groove. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein moving the sash members and the sheets relative to one another comprises moving the ends of the first and fourth sash members, and the ends of the second and third sash members into contact with one another to move peripheral and marginal edges of the sheets into adjacent respective one of the grooves to flow the layer of adhesive around the edges of the sheets. 13. The method of claim 8 wherein each of the sash members comprises a first outer surface and a second outer surface and a peripheral surface, each of the grooves having a base and sidewalls with the base of the first groove spaced farther from the peripheral surface than the base of the second groove, a portion of the first ledge forming one of the sidewalls of the first groove and a portion of the second ledge forming one of the sidewalls of the second groove, and the sash members further comprising a third groove between and spaced from the first and second grooves and having a base and sidewalls and a portion of a third ledge forming one of the sidewalls of the third groove and further comprising the step of positioning a third sheet on the third ledge. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein the base of the third groove is spaced a distance from the peripheral surface less than the distance of the first groove and greater than the distance of the second groove. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein the step of moving the sash members and the sheets relative to one another comprises the step of moving the ends of the first and fourth sash members and the ends of the second and third sash members into contact with one another to move peripheral and marginal edges of the sheets into adjacent respective grooves of the sash members to flow adhesive around the edges of the sheets. 16. The method of claim 8 wherein the sheets are selected from the group of glass sheets, tinted sheets, coated sheets, photocatalytic coated glass sheets, glass sheets having solar control coatings and combinations thereof. 17. The method of claim 8 further comprising providing a recess in each end of the sash members, and applying a layer of a moisture impervious adhesive in the recess. 18. The method of claim 17 further comprising providing a moisture pervious adhesive having a desiccant on surface of second side of selected ones of the sash members between the grooves. 19. A method of making an insulating window sash, comprising: providing four sash members, each sash member comprising a first end, an opposite second end, a first side, an opposite second side, a third side between the first and second side, and a fourth side opposite to the third side; a first ledge on the second side and adjacent the fourth side and a second ledge on the second side spaced from the first ledge and adjacent the third side, each of the first and second ledges extending away from the first side; a first groove in the second side between the first and second ledges and extending from the first end to the second end, and a second groove in the second side between the second ledge and the third side and extending from the first end to the second end, and two glass sheets each having similar peripheral configurations with the first sheet having a peripheral dimension greater than a peripheral dimension of the second sheet; assembling the four sash members and the two glass sheets to have the second end of the first sash member spaced from the first end of the second sash member, the second end of the second sash member spaced from the first end of the third sash member, the second end of the third sash member spaced from the first end of the fourth sash member and the second end of the fourth sash member spaced from the first end of the first sash member; marginal edges of the first sheet supported on the first ledge of the sash members adjacent the first groove, and the marginal edges of the second sheet supported on the second ledge of the second sash members adjacent the second groove, and moving selected ones of the sash members to move the marginal edges of the first sheet into the first groove of one or more sash members and the marginal edges of the second sheet into the second groove of one or more sash members. 