A method and components for cultivation of plant materials. The components include enhanced berms, a confined irrigation/fertigation system, field and plant sensors, a plant support system, overcovering structure and a protective collar. Each of these components used singularly or in combination with each other enhances the growth and yield of plant material decreases the associated costs of cultivation, and decreases adverse environmental impacts.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of cultivating plant material comprising the steps of: providing a mound of raised soil with a sufficient soil volume to a plant to develop roots primarily in the mound; restricting irrigation and fertigation of water, nutrients and fertilizers to a top zone within the mound to encourage feeding roots to grow mostly at a shallow depth wherein an intrinsic root/shoot ratio of the plant limits the growth of the plant above the mound which results in stunting the growth of the plant; and supplying an amount of moisture and nutrients to the plant to substantially promote rapid but stunted growth of the plant, whereby the plant matures into a dwarfed plant. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of monitoring moisture levels below the plant with a sub-soil sensor. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein the sub-soil sensor is selected from the group consisting of a tensiometer and an electronic soil moisture sensor. 4. The method of claim 1 further comprising controlling the restricting irrigation and fertigation step with a computer system. 5. The method of claim 2 further comprising controlling the restricting irrigation and fertigation step with a computer system using feedback from the monitoring moisture levels measured by the sub-soil sensor. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprising minimizing any additional stress imposed upon the plant. 7. The method of claim 1 further comprising mounting an above ground sensor on or near the plant. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein the above ground sensor provides temperature and humidity readings. 9. The method of claim 1 further comprising supporting physically the plant with a plant support system. 10. The method of claim 1 further comprising protecting the plant with an overcovering structure. 11. The method of claim 10 further comprising spraying water onto the plant with a water spraying mister attached to the overcovering structure. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein the plant grown by said method generally produces fruit or nuts relatively earlier in the plant's lifetime in comparison to a comparable plant grown by any other known method. 13. The method of claim 1 wherein most of the feeder roots are being confined to occur in the too 12-18 inches of the top of the mound. 14. The method of claim 1 wherein a frequency and duration of the restricting irrigation and fertigation step functionally depends upon parameters selected from the group consisting of a plant type, an age of the plant, a season of the year, an evapotranspiration rate and water useage information. 15. The method of claim 1 wherein resultant fruit, nut or other plant materials harvested from the plant grown by said method is a generally better nutritional quality relative to a comparable plant grown by any other known method. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein resultant fruit is selected from the group consisting of citrus fruit, grapes, and berries. 17. The method of claim 1 wherein harvest of resultant fruit, nut or other plant material from the plant grown by said method is of a generally better yield relative to a comparable plant grown by any other known method. 18. The method of claim 1 wherein the feeding roots grow in a shallow death in the mound where a population density of harmful nematodes is reduced due to solar heat buildup in the mound. 19. The method of claim 9 wherein the plant support system comprises a trellis. 20. The method of claim 9 wherein the plant support system comprises a post. 21. The method of claim 1 wherein the plant is selected from the group consisting of citrus trees, deciduous tree, subtropical trees, berry bushes, shrubs and vines. 22. The method of claim 1 further comprising minimizing any additional stress to the plant. 23. The method of claim 22 wherein the minimizing an additional stress is selected from the group consisting of minimizing moisture stress, minimizing temperature stress, minimizing sunlight stress, minimizing strain by physically supporting the plant and minimizing harvesting stress. 24. The method of claim 1 further comprising increasing a number of plants per unit area above a density greater than a concentration of plants per unit area grown in another agricultural technique. 25. The method of claim 1 wherein the mound is a berm having a substantially flat top surface. 26. The method of claim 1 wherein a plurality of plants is arranged along a substantially linear row on the mound. 27. The method of claim 1 wherein the restricting irrigation and fertigation step is performed at a predetermined schedule. 28. The method of method 1 wherein the restricting irrigation and fertigation step performed with an irrigation conduit. 29. The method of claim 28 wherein the irrigation conduit having a plurality of liquid emitters is arranged lengthwise along the conduit. 30. The method of claim 1 wherein the restricting irrigation and fertigation step encourages feeding roots to grow mostly in a relatively close proximity to a trunk of the plant. 31. A method of cultivating plant material comprising the steps of: providing a mound of raised soil with a sufficient soil volume for a plant to develop roots primarily in the mound; restricting irrigation and fertigation of water, nutrients and fertilizers to a top zone within the mound to encourage feeding roots to grow mostly at a shallow death wherein an intrinsic root/shoot ratio of the plant limits the growth of the plant above the mound which results in stunting the growth of the plant; supplying an amount of moisture and nutrients to the plant to substantially promote rapid but stunted growth of the plant, whereby the plant matures into a dwarfed plant; monitoring moisture levels below the plant with a sub-soil sensor; mounting an above ground sensor on or near the plant; controlling the restricting irrigation and fertigation step with a computer system using feedback from the monitoring moisture levels measured by the sub-soil sensor and using feedback from the above ground sensor; supporting the plant with a plant support system; and minimizing any additional stress imposed upon the plant. 