A personal refueling station for a personal-sized electric vehicle has a polygonal base structure housing a refueling system and a plurality of flat panels hinged thereto which open to form a flat surface and close up to an upright pyramid for storage. The flat panels have solar PV arrays mounted on their inside surfaces which generate electricity from sunlight in the open position. The electricity is used to generate hydrogen for hydrogen-fuel-cell vehicles, or is stored for recharging non-hydrogen electric vehicles. Alternatively, hydrogen or electricity may be provided from an external renewable power source. The station can also have utility hookups to provide excess hydrogen or electricity to an external energy usage, such as a home, business, or other station. The personal refueling station has a compact design that can be installed at home or business locations. It is designed to accommodate a personal-use electric vehicle such as an electric car or cart or a personal VTOL hovercraft. It can be used in a stationary location or transported for remote use, as well as operated by remote control.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A personal refueling station for a personal-sized electric vehicle comprising: (a) a polygonal base structure adapted to be installed on horizontal ground; (b) a plurality of flat panels, each being substantially triangular in shape and having a mounting edge mounted by a hinge to a corresponding edge of the polygonal base structure and side edges extending from the mounting edge to an upper tip; (c) an electric-vehicle refueling system housed below an upper surface of the polygonal base structure; and (d) means for opening and closing the plurality of flat panels between an open position wherein they lie substantially flat on the ground forming a substantially flat surface with the base structure which allows the vehicle to be parked on the surface of the base structure and refueled by the electric-vehicle refueling system housed therein, and a closed position wherein the flat panels are folded to an upright pyramidal position with their side edges and tips coming together to form an enclosed housing for the vehicle therein. 2. A personal refueling station according to claim 1, wherein solar photovoltaic (PV) cell arrays are mounted to respective inner surfaces of the plurality of flat panels and coupled to the refueling system to produce electricity when opened to sunlight which is stored by the refueling system. 3. A personal refueling station according to claim 2, wherein the electricity from the solar PV arrays is used to generate hydrogen through electrolysis of water, and the hydrogen is used by the refueling system to refuel a hydrogen-fuel-cell vehicle. 4. A personal refueling station according to claim 2, wherein the electricity from the solar PV arrays is stored in a battery storage array which is used by the refueling system to recharge a non-hydrogen electric vehicle. 5. A personal refueling station according to claim 2, wherein the electricity from the solar PV arrays is stored in a battery storage array and used in part by the refueling system to supply excess electricity to an external electricity usage. 6. A personal refueling station according to claim 2, wherein the electricity from the solar PV arrays is used to generate hydrogen through electrolysis of water, and the hydrogen is used by the refueling system to supply excess hydrogen to an external hydrogen usage. 7. A personal refueling station according to claim 1, wherein hydrogen is provided from an external renewable energy hydrogen source and used by the refueling system to refuel a hydrogen-fuel-cell vehicle. 8. A personal refueling station according to claim 1, wherein electricity is provided from an external renewable energy power source and stored in a battery storage array which is used by the refueling system to recharge a non-hydrogen electric vehicle. 9. A personal refueling station according to claim 1, wherein said flat panels are mounted by spring-loaded hinges to the base structure for opening under spring tension and closing assisted by spring tension. 10. A personal refueling station according to claim 9, further comprising a locking mechanism to hold said flat panels in the open and closed positions. 11. A personal refueling station according to claim 9, further comprising corner gears provided at the ends of the one edge of each flat panel which are meshed together with those of the other panels to create a continuously meshed structure to ensure that said flat panels open and close in unison. 12. A personal refueling station according to claim 1, wherein said station is designed to accommodate a personal-use electric vehicle such as an electric car or cart. 13. A personal refueling station according to claim 12, wherein one of said flat panels is used as a front access panel for rolling the personal-use electric vehicle on and off the base structure. 14. A personal refueling station according to claim 1, wherein said station is designed to accommodate a vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) hovercraft for personal use. 15. A personal refueling station according to claim 14, wherein said station has a landing target and landing lights for the VTOL hovercraft for personal use. 16. A personal refueling station according to claim 1, wherein said station is designed to accommodate utility hookups of `water in` and optional `hydrogen out` to the home, rescue service station, or company, or to serve as a backup for energy needs. 17. A personal refueling station according to claim 1, wherein said station is adapted for use in remote deployment of an electric vehicle. 18. A personal refueling station according to claim 17, wherein said personal refueling station is fitted with wheels or a rolling undercarriage to allow it to be towed to a remote location. 19. A personal refueling station according to claim 1, further comprising utility plugs for providing alternative renewable power to the refueling system from an external windmill, hydrogenerator, or biothermal system. 20. A personal refueling station according to claim 1, wherein said station is designed to be operated automatically by remote control. 