An interior rearview mirror system for a vehicle includes an interior rearview mirror assembly having a field of view rearward of the vehicle when the interior mirror assembly is attached at a portion of the interior of the vehicle. The interior mirror assembly includes at least one pivot element enabling a driver of the vehicle to adjust the rearward field of view of the reflective element to that driver's desired setting and the interior mirror assembly comprises a mirror support having a mounting portion for attaching the interior mirror assembly to the portion of the interior of the vehicle. The mirror support includes at least one pivot element and the reflective element is disposed in a mirror housing. Electrical circuitry that includes a microprocessor and a compass sensor is disposed in the mirror housing behind the reflective element such that adjustment about the at least one pivot element by the driver to set the rearward field view of the reflective element moves the electrical circuitry in tandem with movement of the reflective element.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are as follows: 1. An interior rearview mirror system for a vehicle, said interior rearview mirror system comprising: an interior rearview mirror assembly, said interior rearview mirror assembly comprising one of (a) a variable reflectance reflective element having a reflectivity which is variable in accordance with a voltage applied thereto and (b) a prismatic reflective element; said reflective element having a field of view rearward of the vehicle when said interior mirror assembly is attached at a portion of the interior of the vehicle; said interior mirror assembly including at least one pivot element enabling a driver of the vehicle to adjust the rearward field of view of said reflective element to that driver's desired setting; said interior mirror assembly comprising a mirror support; said mirror support comprising a mounting portion for attaching said assembly to the said portion of the interior of the vehicle; said mirror support including said at least one pivot element; said reflective element disposed in a mirror housing; electrical circuitry, said electrical circuitry comprising a microprocessor; said electrical circuitry disposed in said mirror housing behind said reflective element such that adjustment about said at least one pivot element by the driver to set the rearward field view of said reflective element moves said electrical circuitry in tandem with movement of said reflective element; said electrical circuitry comprising a compass sensor; said compass sensor comprising a magneto-responsive sensor selected from the group consisting of a magneto-resistive sensor, a magneto-capacitive sensor, a Hall affect sensor and a magneto-inductive sensor; and wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a CMOS video microchip. 2. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said magneto-responsive sensor comprises a magneto-inductive sensor. 3. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein a light is included in said interior rearview mirror assembly. 4. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises an information display and wherein said information display comprises a temperature display. 5. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 including a directional information display in the vehicle displaying directional information provided by said electrical circuitry, and wherein said directional information display comprises one of a liquid crystal display, a vacuum fluorescent display, a light emitting diode display and an electro luminescent display. 6. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises at least one of a high beam/low beam headlamp controller and a daylight running beam/low beam headlamp controller. 7. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 including a directional information display in the vehicle displaying directional information provided by said electrical circuitry, and wherein said directional information is at least partially compensated for directional inaccuracy caused by adjustment of the orientation of said reflective element about said at least one pivot element. 8. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 7 wherein said directional information display comprises a light emitting diode display element. 9. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said magneto-responsive sensor comprises a magneto-resistive sensor. 10. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said magneto-responsive sensor comprises a Hall-affect sensor. 11. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises at least one electrical accessory. 12. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 11 wherein said at least one electrical accessory is selected from the group consisting of a garage door opener, a universal home access system, an INTERNET interface, a remote keyless entry receiver, a video device, a rain sensor, a trip computer, an intrusion detector, a phone, a light, a seat occupancy detector, a phone attachment, a headlamp controller, a printer, a transmitter/receiver, a modem, an instrumentation light, a console light, a solar panel, a windshield defogger device, an antenna, a loudspeaker, a microphone, a digital message recorder, a magnetic tape message recorder, a phone control panel and a digital storage device. 13. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 11 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a light and wherein said light comprises a light emitting diode. 14. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 11 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises at least two electrical accessories, said at least two electrical accessories comprising a microphone and a control panel. 15. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 11 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a garage door opener and wherein said garage door opener incorporates rolling code. 16. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 11 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a rain sensor. 17. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 11 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a microphone. 18. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 11 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a control panel. 19. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 18 wherein a microphone is included in said interior rearview mirror assembly. 20. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a connector, said connector adapted for connection to the electrical system of the vehicle in order to provide vehicle electrical power to a plurality of at least two electrical accessories, said connector comprising a multi-pin connector. 21. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 20 wherein said connector connects to a multiplex circuit. 22. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said reflective element comprises a variable reflectance reflective element having a reflectivity which is variable in accordance with a voltage applied thereto and wherein said variable reflectance reflective mirror element comprises an electrochromic reflective element. 23. The interior mirror system of claim 22 wherein said electrochromic reflective element comprises a solid electrochromic medium. 24. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein the portion of the interior of the vehicle to which said mounting portion is attached comprises a windshield. 25. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said mirror support includes two pivot elements. 26. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 25 wherein one of said two pivot elements is located at said mounting portion and the other is located a distance therefrom. 27. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said electrical circuitry is mounted on the back of said reflective element. 28. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 including a directional information display displaying directional information provided by said electrical circuitry, and wherein said directional information is at least partially compensated for directional inaccuracy caused by adjustment of the orientation of said reflective element about said at least one pivot element located in said mirror housing, and wherein said interior mirror assembly includes said directional information display. 29. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 including a mirror-mounted video camera operable to visually detect the presence of moisture on the windshield. 30. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said microprocessor controls multiple functions. 31. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 30 wherein said microprocessor controls multiple functions within the interior mirror assembly. 32. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 30 wherein said microprocessor controls multiple functions in areas of the vehicle other than within the interior mirror assembly. 33. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 including a headlamp controller and electrochromic mirror control circuitry sharing components or circuitry. 34. An interior rearview mirror system for a vehicle, said interior rearview mirror system comprising: an interior rearview mirror assembly, said interior rearview mirror assembly comprising a variable reflectance reflective mirror element having a reflectivity which is variable in accordance with a voltage applied thereto; said reflective element having a field of view rearward of the vehicle when said interior mirror assembly is attached at a portion of the interior of the vehicle; said interior mirror assembly including at least one pivot element enabling a driver of the vehicle to adjust the rearward field of view of said reflective element to that driver's desired setting; said interior mirror assembly comprising a mirror support; said mirror support comprising a mounting portion for attaching said assembly to the said portion of the interior of the vehicle; said mirror support including said at least one pivot element; said reflective element disposed in a mirror housing; electrical circuitry, said electrical circuitry comprising a microprocessor; said electrical circuitry disposed in said mirror housing behind said reflective element such that adjustment about said at least one pivot element by the driver to set the rearward field view of said reflective element moves said electrical circuitry in tandem with movement of said reflective element; said electrical circuitry comprising a compass sensor; said compass sensor comprising a magneto-responsive sensor selected from the group consisting of a magneto-resistive sensor, a magneto-capacitive sensor, a Hall affect sensor and a magneto-inductive sensor; said electrical circuitry providing directional information; wherein said directional information is at least partially compensated for directional inaccuracy caused by adjustment of the orientation of said reflective element about said at least one pivot element; and wherein said microprocessor controls multiple functions. 35. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 wherein said magneto-responsive sensor comprises a magneto-inductive sensor. 36. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 wherein a light is included in said interior rearview mirror assembly. 37. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises an information display and wherein said information display comprises a temperature display. 38. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 including a directional information display in the vehicle displaying directional information provided by said electrical circuitry, and wherein said directional information display comprises one of a liquid crystal display, a vacuum fluorescent display, a light emitting diode display and an electro luminescent display. 39. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises at least one of a high beam/low beam headlamp controller and a daylight running beam/low beam headlamp controller. 40. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a CMOS video microchip. 41. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 38 wherein said directional information display comprises a light emitting diode display element. 42. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 wherein said magneto-responsive sensor comprises a magneto-resistive sensor. 43. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 wherein said magneto-responsive sensor comprises a Hall-affect sensor. 44. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises at least one electrical accessory. 45. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 44 wherein said at least one electrical accessory is selected from the group consisting of a garage door opener, a universal home access system, an INTERNET interface, a remote keyless entry receiver, a video device, a rain sensor, a trip computer, an intrusion detector, a phone, a light, a seat occupancy detector, a phone attachment, a headlamp controller, a printer, a transmitter/receiver, a modem, an instrumentation light, a console light, a solar panel, a windshield defogger device, an antenna, a loudspeaker, a microphone, a digital message recorder, a magnetic tape message recorder, a phone control panel and a digital storage device. 46. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 44 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a light and wherein said light comprises a light emitting diode. 47. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 44 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprise at least two electrical accessories, said at least two electrical accessories comprising a microphone and a control panel. 48. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 44 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a garage door opener and wherein said garage door opener incorporates rolling code. 49. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 44 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a rain sensor. 50. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 44 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a microphone. 51. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 44 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a control panel. 52. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 51 wherein a microphone is included in said interior rearview mirror assembly. 53. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a connector, said connector adapted for connection to the electrical system of the vehicle in order to provide vehicle electrical power to a plurality of at least two electrical accessories, said connector comprising a multi-pin connector. 54. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 53 wherein said connector connects to a multiplex circuit. 55. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 wherein said variable reflectance reflective mirror element comprises an electrochromic reflective element. 56. The interior mirror system of claim 55 wherein said electrochromic reflective element comprises a solid electrochromic medium. 57. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 wherein the portion of the interior of the vehicle to which said mounting portion is attached comprises a windshield. 58. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 wherein said mirror support includes two pivot elements. 59. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 58 wherein one of said two pivot elements is located at said mounting portion and the other is located a distance therefrom. 60. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 wherein said electrical circuitry is mounted on the back of said reflective element. 61. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 including a directional information display in the vehicle displaying directional information provided by said electrical circuitry. 62. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 including a mirror-mounted video camera operable to visually detect the presence of moisture on the windshield. 63. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 wherein said multiple functions include at least one selected from the group consisting of a headlamp controller, a garage door opener, a display, a video device, a light, a remote keyless entry device, a hands-free phone device, a seat occupancy detector, a transmitter and a receiver. 64. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 wherein said microprocessor controls multiple functions within the interior mirror assembly. 65. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 wherein said microprocessor controls multiple functions in areas of the vehicle other than within the interior mirror assembly. 66. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 34 including a headlamp controller and electrochromic mirror control circuitry sharing components or circuitry. 67. An interior rearview mirror system for a vehicle, said interior rearview mirror system comprising: an interior rearview mirror assembly, said interior rearview mirror assembly comprising one of (a) a variable reflectance reflective element having a reflectivity which is variable in accordance with a voltage applied thereto and (b) a prismatic reflective element; said reflective element having a field of view rearward of the vehicle when said interior mirror assembly is attached at a portion of the interior of the vehicle; said interior mirror assembly including at least one pivot element enabling a driver of the vehicle to adjust the rearward field of view of said reflective element to that driver's desired setting; said interior mirror assembly comprising a mirror support; said mirror support comprising a mounting portion for attaching said assembly to the said portion of the interior of the vehicle; said mirror support including said at least one pivot element; said reflective element disposed in a mirror housing; electrical circuitry, said electrical circuitry comprising a microprocessor; said electrical circuitry disposed in said mirror housing behind said reflective element such that adjustment about said at least one pivot element by the driver to set the rearward field view of said reflective element moves said electrical circuitry in tandem with movement of said reflective element; said electrical circuitry comprising a compass sensor; said compass sensor comprising a magneto-responsive sensor selected from the group consisting of a magneto-resistive sensor, a magneto-capacitive sensor, a Hall affect sensor and a magneto-inductive sensor; said electrical circuitry providing directional information; wherein said directional information is at least partially compensated for directional inaccuracy caused by adjustment of the orientation of said reflective element about said at least one pivot element; wherein said microprocessor controls multiple functions; and wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly includes a headlamp controller and electrochromic mirror control circuitry sharing components or circuitry. 68. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 wherein said magneto-responsive sensor compnses a magneto-inductive sensor. 69. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 wherein a light is included in said interior rearview mirror assembly. 70. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises an information display and wherein said information display comprises a temperature display. 71. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 including a directional information display in the vehicle displaying directional information provided by said electrical circuitry, and wherein said directional information display comprises one of a liquid crystal display, a vacuum fluorescent display, a light emitting diode display and an electro luminescent display. 72. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises at least one of a high beam/low beam headlamp controller and a daylight running beam/low beam headlamp controller. 73. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a CMOS video microchip. 74. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 71 wherein said directional information display comprises a light emitting diode display element. 75. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 wherein said magneto-responsive sensor compnses a magneto-resistive sensor. 76. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 wherein said magneto-responsive sensor comprises a Hall-affect sensor. 77. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises at least one electrical accessory. 78. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 77 wherein said at least one electrical accessory is selected from the group consisting of a garage door opener, a universal home access system, an INTERNET interface, a remote keyless entry receiver, a video device, a rain sensor, a trip computer, an intrusion detector, a phone, a light, a seat occupancy detector, a phone attachment, a headlamp controller, a printer, a transmitter/receiver, a modem, an instrumentation light, a console light, a solar panel, a windshield defogger device, an antenna, a loudspeaker, a microphone, a digital message recorder, a magnetic tape message recorder, a phone control panel and a digital storage device. 79. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 77 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a light and wherein said light comprises a light emitting diode. 80. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 77 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprise at least two electrical accessories, said at least two electrical accessories comprising a microphone and a control panel. 81. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 77 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a garage door opener and wherein said garage door opener incorporates rolling code. 82. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 77 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a rain sensor. 83. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 77 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a microphone. 84. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 77 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a control panel. 85. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 77 wherein a microphone is included in said interior rearview mirror assembly. 86. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a connector, said connector adapted for connection to the electrical system of the vehicle in order to provide vehicle electrical power to a plurality of at least two electrical accessories, said connector comprising a multi-pin connector. 87. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 86 wherein said connector connects to a multiplex circuit. 88. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 wherein said reflective element comprises a variable reflectance reflective element having a reflectivity which is variable in accordance with a voltage applied thereto and wherein said variable reflectance reflective mirror element comprises an electrochromic reflective element. 89. The interior mirror system of claim 88 wherein said electrochromic reflective element comprises a solid electrochromic medium. 90. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 wherein the portion of the interior of the vehicle to which said mounting portion is attached comprises a windshield. 91. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 wherein said mirror support includes two pivot elements. 92. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 91 wherein one of said two pivot elements is located at said mounting portion and the other is located a distance therefrom. 93. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 wherein said electrical circuitry is mounted on the back of said reflective element. 94. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 including a directional information display in the vehicle displaying directional information provided by said electrical circuitry. 95. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 including a mirror-mounted video camera operable to visually detect the presence of moisture on the windshield. 96. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 wherein said multiple functions include at least one selected from the group consisting of a headlamp controller, a garage door opener, a display, a video device, a light, a remote keyless entry device, a hands-free phone device, a seat occupancy detector, a transmitter and a receiver. 97. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 wherein said microprocessor controls multiple functions within the interior mirror assembly. 98. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 67 wherein said microprocessor controls multiple functions in areas of the vehicle other than within the interior mirror assembly. 