A solar powered mobile, comprising a drive housing fitting within a case, a solar cell panel fitted within the top of the drive housing, a clear cover over the solar cell panel, a removable DC motor with speed control driven by the solar cell panel, gears connecting the motor to a bearing which provides fastening of a spinner or other device for display.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered mobile, the mobile comprising: a frustum shaped drive housing; a vertically disposed key on an outer circumference of a section of the drive housing; a cylindrical motor housing within the drive housing; an outlet within a bottom of the motor housing; a guide slot within the motor housing; a DC motor removably fitted within the motor housing; a guide pin on an exterior of the motor, the guide pin for fitment into the guide slot of the motor housing; a pinion gear driven by the motor, the pinion gear exiting the outlet of the motor housing; an open top of the motor housing, whereby the motor is replaceable; a round solar cell housing for fit into a top of the drive housing; a round solar cell panel removably within the solar cell housing; a clear cover of the solar cell panel; a plurality of male detents within an outer circumference of the solar cell housing; a frustum shaped case of the mobile, the case of a size slightly larger than the drive housing, the case for removable receipt of the drive housing; a vertically disposed keyway in the case, the keyway for removable receipt of the key of the drive housing, whereby the drive housing is specifically located within the case; a plurality of female detents within an upper inner periphery of the case, the female detents for removable receipt of the male detents of the solar cell housing; a bearing sleeve in a center bottom of the case; a bearing orifice in the sleeve; a drive gear for rotatable insertion within the case, the drive gear meshing with the pinion gear; a bearing inserted within the drive gear, the bearing freely received by the bearing orifice of the bearing sleeve, whereby rotation of the pinion gear by the motor turns the bearing and hence the drive gear within the case; an object for spinning below the case; fastening means for fastening the object to the bearing whereby the object is spun; a plurality of mounting ears extended outward from the outer circumference of an upper area of the case, whereby the case all related components are available for suspension from a chosen fixture. 2. The invention in claim 1 wherein the fastening means for fastening an object to the bearing is an eyelet. 3. The invention in claim 2 wherein the fastening means for fastening an object to the bearing is a hook. 4. The invention in claim 3 wherein the object to be spun is a spinner. 5. The invention in claim 4 wherein the object to be spun is a substantially corkscrew shaped spinner. 6. The invention in claim 5 wherein the motor is further controlled by a power adjustment device, the device providing power input from the solar cell panel to the motor, whereby the motor speed is adjustable. 