A high R-rating window assembly storing multiple, reciprocating reflective flexible film layers in a sealed housing between rigid (e.g. glazed) layers. The glazed layers are separated on the order of 3 to 5-inches and are secured to low thermal conductivity framework pieces. The framework is capped with a motorized roller and film housing and the assembly is evacuated and filled with a desiccated, inert dry gas. Several plastic, reflective coated films are supported under tension in planar parallel relation between the glazing layers from the motorized roller and several guide rollers and guide tracks. Location sensors responsive to indicia on the films identify film position. Temperature sensors monitor ambient, internal and user set thermal conditions to control film exposure. The films are operable via a room control system and window controllers to define open, closed and partial exposure conditions. Alternative control functions may control film exposure in relation to room occupancy.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A window comprising: a) a sash framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter and wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to cover said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; b) a roller assembly mounted within said primary space and including a plurality of roller members mounted to said framework to span between opposed first and second sash pieces; c) a plurality of films secured to said roller assembly and each film mounted to respectively engage one of said roller members and wherein said plurality of films are mounted for reciprocating movement and said roller members displace said plurality of films apart in planar parallel relation from one another and from said first and second glazing pieces to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces. 2. A window as set forth in claim 1 including motorized means coupled to said roller assembly for extending and retracting said plurality of films. 3. A window system including a plurality of windows as set forth in claim 2 mounted to a building and further including: a) sensor means for monitoring a thermal condition in a building space containing said windows and a solar condition representative of solar energy incident on said plurality of windows; and b) control means responsive to the sensor means and coupled to the roller assembly of each of said plurality of windows for selectively extending and retracting the plurality of films of each of said plurality of windows to maintain a determined thermal condition in the building space. 4. A window system as set forth in claim 3 comprising: a) a first sensor for monitoring an interior temperature and a second sensor monitoring solar energy flow through said plurality of windows; and b) a processor responsive to the interior temperature, maximum and minimum interior temperatures and a parameter directly correlated with heat flow through said windows for directing movement of said plurality of films of each of said windows to maintain an internal temperature intermediate said maximum and minimum temperatures. 5. A window system as set forth in claim 4 including means for monitoring the occupancy of a space including said plurality of windows and for responsively reverting between user defined and predetermined maximum and minimum temperatures. 6. A window system as set forth in claim 3 wherein said sensor means includes a plurality of thermistors coupled to sense a temperature within the building space and solar radiation incident on said plurality of windows. 7. A window system as set forth in claim 3 including means defining a plurality of predetermined exposure conditions for said plurality of films of each window. 8. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein said roller assembly includes a hollow primary roller and wherein said plurality of films are mounted to said primary roller and a motor is coupled to the interior of said primary roller to rotate said primary roller to extend and retract said plurality of films. 9. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein said plurality of roller members comprise a plurality of cylindrical members a plurality of guide rollers mounted to said framework to support said plurality of films. 10. A window as set forth in claim 9 wherein each of said plurality of cylindrical members is mounted to a filamentary axle. 11. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein said opposed first and second sash pieces include a plurality of channels and wherein said roller members train peripheral edges of each of said plurality of films in said channels. 12. A window as set forth in claim 1 including means for monitoring changing solar radiation conditions external to an enclosed building space containing said window and wherein a motorized means coupled to said roller assembly responsively controls the movement of said plurality of films between retracted and extended conditions. 13. A window as set forth in claim 12 including means for monitoring movement of said plurality of films and limiting the movement to a plurality of predetermined stop points that define selected exposures. 14. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein said roller assembly includes a primary roller, wherein said plurality of films are mounted to said primary roller, and wherein a plurality of rollers abut said primary roller. 15. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein said plurality of roller members each exhibit an elongated arcuate surface that respectively engage one of said plurality of films, wherein said first and second sash pieces mounted substantially parallel to each other include a plurality of channels, and wherein peripheral edges of each of said plurality of films are respectively contained in said channels. 16. A window as set forth in claim 15 wherein a sash piece mounted transverse to said first and second sash pieces includes a plurality of channels and wherein a peripheral end edge of each of said plurality of films respectively mounts to a channel of the transverse sash piece when said plurality of films are in a fully extended condition. 17. A window as set forth in claim 1 including an expansible member mounted in said primary space to said framework to define a secondary interior space and wherein said expansible member is mounted to flex with pressure changes within the primary space. 18. A window as set forth in claim 1 including means for applying tension to each of said plurality of films. 19. A window as set forth in claim 18 wherein a member is secured to each of said plurality of films to maintain each of said films in a taut, substantially unwrinkled condition. 20. A window as set forth in claim 1 including an immobile film mounted between said first and second glazing pieces in parallel relation to said first and second glazing pieces. 21. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein each of said plurality of films is coated with a material to provide a low-emissivity and high solar reflectance. 22. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein said roller assembly includes a primary roller comprising a tubular member having a bore, a motor contained within said bore, and a coupler mounted to said motor and restrained to said tubular member to rotate said tubular member and thereby extend and retract said plurality of films. 23. A window as set forth in claim 22 wherein a plurality of rollers compressively abut and support said tubular member. 24. A window as set forth in claim 22 including an end cap secured to said framework at an end of said tubular member opposite to that containing said motor and mounted to rotate and permit the lateral movement of said tubular member. 25. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein one of said plurality of films is attached to a primary roller of said roller assembly and each of the others of said films are secured to the attached film. 26. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein a film attachment piece is secured to a primary roller of said roller assembly and each of said plurality of films is secured to said attachment piece. 27. A window as set forth in claim 26 wherein said film attachment piece includes a plurality of slits, whereby wrinkling is prevented at said plurality of films. 28. A window as set forth in claim 1 including a film attachment piece having a plurality of tabs and notches mounted to a primary roller of said roller assembly and wherein said plurality of films are mounted to said film attachment piece. 29. A window as set forth in claim 1 including a bellows mounted within said primary space and having a vent tube communicating with an interior space of said bellows to expand and contract with pressure changes within said primary space. 30. A window as set forth in claim 1 including an expansible member mounted within said primary space to define a secondary space between a sash piece and said roller assembly and including a vent port communicating with said secondary space and an external space, whereby said expansible member expands and contracts with pressure changes within said primary space. 31. A window as set forth in claim 1 including: a) sensor means for monitoring an internal thermal condition in a building containing said window relative to a solar condition representative of solar radiation incident on said window; and b) control means responsive to said sensor means and coupled to said roller assembly for selectively extending and retracting said plurality of films to determined exposure conditions. 32. A window comprising: a) a framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter and wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to cover said framework to define an airtight interior primary space, wherein opposed, parallel first and second sash pieces include a plurality of parallel coextending guide channels, and wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to said framework to contain a gas within said primary space; b) a roller assembly supported within said primary space and mounted to span between said first and second sash pieces, wherein a plurality of films are secured to said roller assembly and mounted for reciprocating movement in planar parallel relation to said first and second glazing pieces and one another to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces, wherein a plurality of guide rollers respectively support and train peripheral edges of each of said plurality of films in said guide channels. 33. A window as set forth in claim 32 including an expansible membrane mounted within said framework and defining a secondary space, wherein said secondary space is vented to the external environment and wherein said expansible member expands and contracts with pressure changes within said primary space. 34. A window as set forth in claim 32 wherein said roller assembly includes a primary roller and an attachment piece mounted to said primary roller, wherein said attachment piece includes a plurality of slits, and wherein said plurality of films are secured to said attachment piece. 35. A window comprising: a) a framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter, wherein said sash pieces include a plurality of channels, and wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; b) a roller assembly mounted within said primary space to span between first and second opposed sash pieces, wherein a plurality of films coated with a material to provide a low-emissivity and high solar reflectance are secured to a primary roller, wherein said framework includes a plurality of guide members mounted to said first and second sash pieces to respectively support and train an edge portion of each of said plurality of films in one of said channels for reciprocating movement in planar parallel, non-wrinkling relation to said first and second glazing pieces and one another to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces. 36. A window as set forth in claim 35 including means for monitoring changing thermal conditions within a building space containing said window and thermal energy transfer through said window and including motorized means for extending and retracting said plurality of films, and wherein said motorized means responsively controls the movement of said plurality of films between retracted and extended conditions to maintain internal thermal conditions between defined minimum and maximum thermal parameters. 37. A window as set forth in claim 35 including means for monitoring movement of said plurality of films. 38. A window as set forth in claim 35 including a plurality of rollers mounted to abut and support said primary roller. 39. A window as set forth in claim 35 wherein at least one guide member comprises a plurality of displaced roller segments distributed over the width of an adjoining film. 40. A window as set forth in claim 35 including an expansible member mounted to said framework to define an interior secondary space and wherein said expansible member expands and contracts with pressure changes within the interior primary space. 41. A window as set forth in claim 35 including: a) sensor means for monitoring an internal thermal condition in a building containing said window relative to a solar condition representative of solar radiation incident on said window; and b) control means responsive to said sensor means and coupled to said motorized means for selectively extending and retracting said plurality of films to determined exposure conditions. 42. A window as set forth in claim 35 including means for applying tension to each of said plurality of films. 43. A window assembly comprising: a) a framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter and wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to cover said framework to define an airtight interior primary space, and wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; b) an elongated expansible membrane having a U-shape when viewed end-on mounted to said framework to define a secondary interior space coupled to an environment external to said framework and mounted to flex with pressure changes within the interior primary space c) a roller assembly supported in said framework, wherein said roller assembly substantially spans the space between said first and second opposed sash pieces; d) a plurality of films secured to said roller assembly, wherein each of said plurality of films is coated with a material to provide a low-emissivity and high solar reflectance and wherein said plurality of films are mounted for reciprocating movement in planar parallel relation to said first and second glazing pieces and to one another to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces; e) means for applying tension to each of said plurality of films; f) motorized means for extending and retracting said plurality of films; and g) means for retaining said plurality of films without wrinkling in planar parallel relation to one another and to said first and second glazing pieces. 44. A window as set forth in claim 43 wherein said roller assembly comprises a tubular member having a bore, a motor secured to said framework and contained within said bore, a coupler mounted to said motor and restrained to the interior of said tubular member to induce the rotation of said tubular member. 45. A window as set forth in claim 43 wherein a plurality of rollers abut and support said tubular member. 46. A window comprising: a) a framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter and wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to cover said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; b) a roller assembly supported in said primary space and including a plurality of guide rollers mounted to span between opposed first and second sash pieces; and c) a plurality of films secured to said roller assembly wherein each of said guide rollers respectively supports one of said plurality of films and wherein said plurality of films, are mounted for reciprocating movement in planar parallel relation to said first and second glazing pieces and to one another to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces. 47. A window comprising: a) a framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter, wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to cover said framework to define an airtight interior primary space, and wherein opposed first and second sash pieces each include a plurality of parallel channels; b) a roller assembly supported in said primary space, wherein said roller assembly substantially spans the space between said first and second sash pieces; c) a plurality of films secured to said roller assembly, wherein displaced peripheral edges of each of said plurality of films are respectively contained in said channels, and wherein said plurality of films are mounted for reciprocating movement in planar parallel relation to said first and second glazing pieces and to one another to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces. 48. A window comprising: a) a framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter, wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to cover said framework to define an airtight interior primary space, and wherein an expansible member is mounted to said framework to define a secondary interior space and to flex with pressure changes within the primary space; b) a roller assembly supported in said primary space, wherein said roller assembly substantially spans between opposed first and second sash pieces; c) a plurality of films secured to said roller assembly and wherein said plurality of films are mounted for reciprocating movement in planar parallel relation to said first and second glazing pieces and to one another to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces. 49. A window as set forth in claim 48 wherein said expansible member defines a peripheral edge portion of said primary space and including a vent port communicating between said secondary space and an environment external to said framework, whereby said expansible member expands and contracts with pressure changes within said primary space. 50. A window comprising: a) a framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter, wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to cover said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; b) a roller assembly supported in said primary space, wherein said roller assembly substantially spans between opposed first and second sash pieces, and wherein a primary roller includes a flexible attachment piece; and c) a plurality of films secured to said attachment piece such that rotation of said primary roller extends and retracts said plurality of films in planar parallel relation to said first and second glazing pieces and to one another to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces. 51. A window comprising: a) a framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter, wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to cover said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; b) a roller assembly supported in said primary space, wherein said roller assembly substantially spans between opposed first and second sash pieces, wherein a primary roller includes an attachment piece having a plurality of tabs and intermediate notches, and wherein said tabs are secured to said roller; and c) a plurality of films secured to said attachment piece such that rotation of said primary roller extends and retracts said plurality of films in planar parallel relation to said first and second glazing pieces and to one another to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces. 52. A window system including a plurality of windows: a) wherein at least one window comprises; i) a framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter, wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to cover said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; ii) a roller assembly supported in said primary space, wherein said roller assembly substantially spans the space between opposed first and second sash pieces; iii) a plurality of films secured to said roller assembly and wherein said plurality of films are mounted for reciprocating movement in planar parallel relation to said first and second glazing pieces and to one another to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces; b) sensor means including a plurality of thermistors monitoring a thermal condition in a building space containing said windows and a solar condition representative of solar energy passing through said plurality of windows; and c) control means responsive to said sensor means and coupled to the roller assembly of said at least one window for selectively extending and retracting the plurality of films to control the exposure of said plurality of films and the thermal condition. 53. A window comprising: a) a framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter, wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to cover said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; b) a roller assembly supported in said primary space, wherein said roller assembly substantially spans between opposed first and second sash pieces; and c) a plurality of films secured to a primary roller of said roller assembly, wherein a plurality of rollers abut and support said primary roller, and wherein said plurality of films are mounted for reciprocating movement in planar parallel relation to said first and second glazing pieces and to one another to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces. 54. A window comprising: a) a framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter, wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to cover said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; b) a roller assembly supported in said primary space, wherein said roller assembly substantially spans the space between opposed first and second sash pieces; c) a plurality of films secured to said roller assembly and wherein said plurality of films are mounted for reciprocating movement in planar parallel relation to said first and second glazing pieces and to one another to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces. d) motorized means for extending and retracting said plurality of films between a plurality of stop points defining predetermined film exposure conditions; e) sensor means for monitoring a thermal condition in a building space containing said window and a solar condition representative of solar energy passing through said window; and f) control means responsive to said sensor means and coupled to said motorized means for extending and retracting the plurality of films to said stop points. 55. A window comprising: a) a framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter, wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to cover said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; b) a roller assembly supported in said primary space, wherein said roller assembly substantially spans between opposed first and second sash pieces; c) an immobile film mounted in said primary space between said first and second glazing pieces; and d) a plurality of mobile films secured to said roller assembly and wherein said plurality of mobile films are mounted for reciprocating movement in planar parallel relation to said first and second glazing pieces and to one another to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films, said first and second glazing pieces and said immobile film. 56. A window comprising: a) a sash framework comprising a plurality of sash pieces mounted to define an endless perimeter and wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to cover said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; b) a roller assembly mounted within said primary space and including a plurality of guide members mounted to said framework to span between parallel opposed first and second sash pieces and wherein each guide member exhibits an elongated arcuate exterior surface; c) a plurality of films secured to said roller assembly and each film mounted to respectively engage one of said guide members and wherein said plurality of films are mounted for reciprocating movement and said guide members displace said plurality of films apart in planar parallel relation from one another and from said first and second glazing pieces to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces. 