The invention provides new reflective markers, reflectors, and delineators with a variety of mounting apparatuses for attaching the same onto standard guardrails in an efficient and effortless manner, without affecting the safety feature, display utility, and visibility of the marker/reflectors/delineators mounted thereon. The present invention also provides a new guardrail reflector/delineator that is particularly useful in situations, locations, and/or places with limited or no lighting, for example, cloudy days, foggy areas, dark places, streets with no lights at night, etc.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus, comprising: a removable guardrail mounting device for securing said apparatus to a standard guardrail, said removable guardrail mounting device having (i) an adjustable portion with mounting ends at either end of said adjustable potion, said mounting ends to securely mount said guardrail mounting device onto said standard guardrail, and (ii) at least one receiving recess for a center panel; said center panel having at least one hole for securing said center panel to said removable guardrail mounting device, said at least one hole of said center panel aligned with said at least one receiving recess of said removable guardrail mounting device, said center panel secured to said removable guardrail mounting device by a bolt through each of said aligned hole and receiving recess pairs; a first panel connected to said center panel, said first panel having a first reflective surface; and a second panel connected to said center panel, said second panel having a second reflective surface; wherein said center panel, said first panel, and said second panel are contoured, shaped, or configured to fit a profile of said standard guardrail. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said first reflective surface and said second reflective surface are of same or different material, reflectivity, color, pattern, shade, or a combination thereof. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said center panel, said first panel, and said second panel are made of a single sheet of material. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said center panel, said first panel, and said second panel are laminated with materials having same or different reflectivity, color, pattern, shade, or a combination thereof. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: raised panels, edges, or risers running lengthwise along one or both sides of said center panel for preventing light reflected by said center panel from interfering with light reflected by said first panel, said second panel, or both. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a light source integrated onto said center panel, said first panel, or said second panel. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, further comprising: a power supply for supplying power to said light source. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein said power supply comprises a solar panel. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said power supply comprises a solar power assembly attached to back of said center panel, said first panel, or said second panel; and wherein said solar power assembly comprises at least one battery for retaining electricity obtained from said solar panel. 10. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said solar panel is mounted on front of said center panel, said first panel, or said second panel. 11. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said solar panel is electrically coupled to said light source from a remote location. 12. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein said light source comprises a single or multiple ultra bright light emitting diodes. 13. A delineator comprising: a plurality of reflectors, each reflector comprising: a removable guardrail mounting device for securing said reflector to a standard guardrail, said removable guardrail mounting device having (i) an adjustable portion with mounting ends at either end of said adjustable potion to securely mount said guardrail mounting device onto said standard guardrail, and (ii) at least one receiving recess for a center panel; said center panel having at least one hole for securing said center panel to said removable guardrail mounting device, said at least one hole of said center panel aligned with said at least one receiving recess of said removable guardrail mounting device, said center panel secured to said removable guardrail mounting device by a bolt through each of said aligned hole and receiving recess pairs; a first panel connected to said center panel, said first panel having a first reflective surface; and a second panel connected to said center panel, said second panel having a second reflective surface; wherein said center panel, said first panel, and said second panel are contoured, shaped, or configured to fit a profile of said standard guardrail. 14. The delineator of claim 13, wherein said first reflective surface and said second reflective surface are of same or different material, reflectivity, color, pattern, shade, or a combination thereof. 15. The delineator of claim 14, wherein said center panel has a surface that is same or different from said first reflective surface in material, reflectivity, color, pattern, shade, or a combination thereof. 16. The delineator of claim 13, further comprising: raised panels, edges, or risers running lengthwise along one or both sides of said center panel for preventing light reflected by said center panel from interfering with light reflected by said first panel, said second panel, or both. 17. The delineator of claim 13, further comprising: a light source integrated onto said center panel, said first panel, or said second panel. 18. The delineator of claim 13, further comprising: a power supply for supplying power to said light source; wherein said power supply comprises a solar panel electrically coupled to said light source; and wherein said solar panel is mounted on said reflector or positioned at a location proximate to said delineator. 19. The delineator of claim 18, wherein said power supply comprises a solar power assembly attached to back of said center panel, said first panel, or said second panel; and wherein said solar power assembly comprises at least one battery for retaining electricity obtained from said solar panel. 20. The delineator of claim 17, wherein said light source comprises a single or multiple ultra bright light emitting diodes. 21. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said first reflective surface and said second reflective surface are of different material, reflectivity, color, pattern, shade, or a combination thereof. 22. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said center panel, said first panel, and said second panel are laminated with materials having the same or different reflectivity, color, pattern, shade, or a combination thereof. 23. The delineator of claim 13, wherein said first reflective surface and said second reflective surface are of the same or different material, reflectivity, color, pattern, shade, or a combination thereof. 24. The delineator of claim 14, wherein said center panel has a surface that is different from said first reflective surface in material, reflectivity, color, pattern, shade, or a combination thereof. 