A solar powered perimeter beam security system comprising a plurality of spaced towers. The towers have detection beams extending between them for detecting an intruder when at least one of the detection beams is interrupted. Each of the towers communicates with a remote unit. At least one of the towers is movable from one location to another. An alarm. The detection beams define an intruder detection area into which an intruder cannot pass without breaking at least one of the detection beams thereby setting off the alarm. The detection area is expandable and decreasable by moving at least one of the towers. The towers are incapable of movement without setting off the alarm once positioned with the detections beams being activated.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered perimeter beam security system comprising a plurality of spaced towers and a remote unit with an alarm, said towers each having one or more detection beams extending from one to another for detecting an intruder when at least one of said detection beams is interrupted, each of said towers including a transmitter and a receiver structured to perform two-way communication with the remote unit, and a solar panel, at least one of said towers being movable from one location to another, said detection beams defining an intruder detection area into which an intruder cannot pass without breaking at least one of said detection beams thereby setting off said alarm, said detection area being expandable and decreasable by moving said at least one of said towers; and wherein said remote unit includes a device configured to display information comprising the location of a breach in any of said detection beams, said information being initially communicated from said transmitter of said tower detecting said breach. 2. The security system of claim 1 wherein said at least one of said towers has means thereon for allowing movement of said at least one of said towers from one location to another location. 3. The security system of claim 2 wherein said means includes at least one axle and at least one wheel. 4. The security system of claim 2 wherein said means comprises at least three supports chosen from the group of supports consisting of wheels, rollers, skids, feet, and combinations thereof. 5. The security system of claim 1 wherein each group of three of said towers with their detection beams activated define a triangular intruder detection area, said intruder detection area either being of a triangular shape or of a geometric shape which consists of contiguous triangular intruder detection areas. 6. The security system of claim 5 wherein said intruder detection area is a multisided geometrical area defined by straight lines, said area being a plurality of contiguous triangular areas with a tower at each angle, each of said towers including a plurality of detection beam generators, a plurality of detection beam detectors, and a battery source in electrical communication with the solar panel for storage of energy generated by said solar panel, said battery source independently powering said receiver, said transmitter, said detection beam generators and said detection beam detectors at each of said towers. 7. The security system of claim 6 wherein said multisided area has the apex of all triangles being at the same location. 8. The security system of claim 6 wherein a single tower is at the apex of all triangular areas of said multisided area. 9. The security system of claim 1 wherein each of said towers includes at least one processor, at least one detection beam generator, and at least one detection beam detector thereon, each of said detectors and generators having at least one detection beam extending therefrom, each detection beam having a longitudinal axis extending between its generator and detector. 10. The security system of claim 9 wherein each of said detection beam detectors and detection beam generators are vertically, horizontally and angularly adjustable so as to be able to accurately position the location of said axis with regard to said detection beam detectors and detection beam generators of said plurality of towers. 11. The security system of claim 10 further comprising means for fixing the position of said detection beam detectors and generators once set whereby said adjustment cannot be changed without sounding said alarm. 12. The security system of claim 9 wherein each of said detection beam detectors and detection beam generators are adjustable to position said axes in the center of said detection beam detectors and detection beam generators and to vary the angles between each of said detection beams received, detected or generated by said towers. 13. The security system of claim 9 wherein said detection beam generator and said detection beam detector of each of the towers are vertically, horizontally and angularly fixed in each tower whereby any attempt to move said towers to change the position of said towers will set off an alarm. 14. The security system of claim 1 wherein the receiver and the transmitter of each of the towers is operable to communicate in duplex mode with said remote unit. 15. The security system of claim 14 wherein said remote unit is programmed to send a signal to the receiver and the transmitter of each of the towers to verify status, and to selectively actuate a remote controlled camera. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein said at least one detection beam comprises at least one of a photoelectric beam, an infrared beam, a laser beam, a microwave beam, and a visible light beam. 17. A perimeter beam tower for an intruder detection system having a plurality of set towers spaced apart about a perimeter and having detection beams extending therebetween for detection of an intruder, each of said towers communicating with a remote unit, each of said towers comprising (a) a base unit having means thereon for allowing said base unit to be moved from one position to another, (b) at least two support rods having upper and lower ends secured at said lower end to said base unit and extending upwardly therefrom, (c) a top plate secured to said upper end of said support rods, (d) a frame unit having a bottom portion of a height similar to the support rods, said frame unit slidably received over said support rods, said bottom portion of the frame unit being secured to said base unit, said frame unit having a face configured for mounting equipment thereto for use with the system and having opposing face shields slots extending between said base unit and said top plate, (e) opposing face shields of heights similar to the support rods, edges of each said face shields being inserted into a respective one of said face shields slots provided in said frame unit. 18. The perimeter beam tower of claim 17 wherein at least one beam generator is secured in vertical spaced alignment to said face of said frame unit, and multiple detection beams extend from one of said towers in said system to an adjacent tower in said system. 19. The perimeter beam tower of claim 17 further comprising a solar panel on each of said towers. 20. The perimeter beam tower of claim 17 further comprising an alarm connected to said remote unit and responsive to a breach in any of said detection beams. 21. The perimeter beam tower of claim 20 wherein said alarm comprises at least one of: an audible alarm, a visible alarm, telephone dialer, printer, a recording device, and combinations thereof. 22. The perimeter beam tower of claim 17 wherein said detection beams comprise at least one of: a photoelectric beam, an infrared beam, laser beam, microwave beam, a visible light beam. 23. The perimeter beam tower of claim 17 further comprising a receiver, a processor, and a transmitter, each of said receiver, processor and transmitter configured for radio communications between said towers and said remote unit. 24. The perimeter beam tower of claim 23 wherein said receiver and said processor have an antenna connected to said receiver and said processor and an indicator on which information on the location of any intrusion is displayed. 25. A system comprising: a remote unit including a radio transmitter, a radio receiver, and an alarm; and two or more spaced apart towers each structured to provide one or more detection beams extending therebetween for detection of an intruder when at least one of the one or more detection beams is interrupted, each of the respective one of the two or more towers including: a receiver, a processor, and a transmitter, configured for radio communications with said remote unit in a duplex mode; one or more beam generators and one or more beam detectors; and a solar panel and a battery source in electrical communication with the solar panel to provide electrical energy to the receiver, the processor, the transmitter, the one or more beam generators, and the one or more beam detectors; wherein said remote unit is structured to perform two-way wireless communication with each of the towers to verify operational status of the towers and activate the alarm if an intrusion is detected; and wherein the remote unit further includes a display device for displaying information comprising the location of the intrusion. 26. The system of claim 25, wherein at least one of the towers includes a camera remotely controlled by the remote unit. 27. The system of claim 25, wherein at least one of the towers includes a microphone and speaker unit. 28. The system of claim 25, wherein the two or more towers each of further includes a base unit moveable from one location to another and a frame secured to said base unit, said frame having a face configured for mounting equipment thereto for use with the system, wherein the solar panel is coupled to the frame by a swivel connection. 29. A system comprising: a remote unit including a radio transmitter, a radio receiver, and an alarm; and two or more spaced apart towers each structured to provide one or more detection beams extending therebetween for detection of an intruder when at least one of the one or more detection beams is interrupted, each of the respective one of the two or more towers including: a receiver, a processor, and a transmitter, configured for radio communications with said remote unit in a duplex mode; one or more beam generators and one or more beam detectors; and a solar panel and a battery source in electrical communication with the solar panel to provide electrical energy to the receiver, the processor, the transmitter, the one or more beam generators, and the one or more beam detectors; wherein said remote unit is structured to perform two-way wireless communication with each of the towers to verify operational status of the towers and activate the alarm if an intrusion is detected; and wherein the two way wireless communication includes means for reporting battery status to the remote unit from each of the two or more towers. 30. A solar powered perimeter beam security system comprising a plurality of spaced towers and a remote unit with an alarm, said towers each including a plurality of beam detectors and a plurality of beam detectors to provide multiple detection beams extending from one to another, the multiple beams between the towers being oriented to define an intruder detection area by beam interruption, each respective one of said towers including a respective one of a plurality of transmitters, a respective one of a plurality of processors, and a respective one of a plurality of receivers structured to perform two-way communication with the remote unit in a duplex mode, and further including a respective one of a plurality of solar panels connected to a battery to provide electric power to the respective one of said towers, at least one of said towers being movable from one location to another, said detection area being expandable and decreasable by moving said at least one of said towers, said remote unit being responsive to the two-way communication to activate an alarm when intrusion is detected with any of the towers; and wherein said remote unit is programmed to send a signal to said receivers, processors and transmitters of each of the towers to verify status, and to selectively actuate a remote controlled camera, to verify battery voltage, and to actuate a microphone and speaker unit connected thereto. 