An interior rearview mirror system for a vehicle includes an interior rearview mirror assembly having a reflective element having a field of view rearward of the vehicle when the interior rearview mirror assembly is attached at a portion of the interior of the vehicle. A directional information display is viewable to a driver of the vehicle. A compass sensor is preferably disposed in the mirror housing behind the reflective element such that adjustment by the driver to set the rearward field view of the reflective element moves the compass sensor in tandem with movement of the reflective element. The interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a video camera having a field of view that encompasses one of (i) the windshield of the vehicle and (ii) the driver of the vehicle.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An interior rearview mirror system for a vehicle, said interior rearview mirror system comprising: an interior rearview mirror assembly, said interior rearview mirror assembly comprising a reflective mirror element; said reflective element comprising one of (a) a variable reflectance reflective element having a reflectivity which is variable in accordance with a voltage applied thereto and (b) a prismatic reflective element; said reflective element disposed in a mirror housing; said interior rearview mirror assembly comprising a mounting portion for attaching said interior rearview mirror assembly to a portion of an interior of the vehicle; said reflective element having a field of view rearward of the vehicle when said interior rearview mirror assembly is attached at the portion of the interior of the vehicle; said interior rearview mirror assembly including at least one pivot joint enabling a driver of the vehicle to adjust the rearward field of view of said reflective element to that driver's desired setting; a directional information display; wherein said directional information display comprises one of a liquid crystal display, a vacuum fluorescent display, a light emitting diode display and an electro luminescent display; a compass sensor comprising a magneto-responsive sensor selected from the group consisting of a magneto-resistive sensor, a magneto-capacitive sensor, a Hall effect sensor, and a magneto-inductive sensor; said compass sensor disposed in said mirror housing behind and supported by said reflective element such that adjustment about said at least one pivot joint by the driver to set the rearward field view of said reflective element moves said compass sensor in tandem with movement of said reflective element; and wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a video camera, said video camera having, when said interior rearview mirror assembly is normally mounted in the vehicle, a field of view that encompasses one of (i) the windshield of the vehicle and (ii) the driver of the vehicle. 2. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises at least one electrical accessory. 3. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 2 wherein said at least one electrical accessory is selected from the group consisting of a garage door opener, a universal home access system, an INTERNET interface, a remote keyless entry receiver, a video device, a rain sensor, a trip computer, an intrusion detector, a phone, a light, a seat occupancy detector, a phone attachment, a headlamp controller, a printer, a transmitter/receiver, a modem, an instrumentation light, a console light, a solar panel, a windshield defogger device, an antenna, a loudspeaker, a microphone, a digital message recorder, a magnetic tape message recorder, a phone control panel and a digital storage device. 4. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 2 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a light and wherein said light comprises a light emitting diode. 5. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 2 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a garage door opener and wherein said garage door opener incorporates rolling code. 6. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 2 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a rain sensor and wherein said rain sensor comprises a windshield contacting rain sensor. 7. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 2 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a rain sensor and wherein said rain sensor comprises a non-windshield contacting rain sensor. 8. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 2 wherein a microphone is included in said interior rearview mirror assembly. 9. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein the portion of the interior of the vehicle to which said mounting portion is attached comprises a windshield. 10. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly includes two pivot joints. 11. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 10 wherein one of said two pivot joints is located at said mounting portion and the other is located at said mirror housing. 12. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly includes a modular carrier member formed separately from and mounted on said mirror housing, said carrier member including an electrically conductive circuit member and a support body, said electrically conductive circuit member integrally molded with said support body, said carrier member providing an integral support for, electrical connections for, and an electrical distribution network to a light. 13. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said video camera comprises a CMOS video camera. 14. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said compass sensor is supported by said reflective element. 15. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a high beam/low beam headlamp controller. 16. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said directional information display is located in said mirror housing and is viewable to a driver at one of (a) said reflective element and (b) a bezel portion of said mirror housing. 17. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 1 wherein said directional information display is located in the interior cabin of the vehicle remote from said mirror housing said interior rearview mirror assembly. 18. An interior rearview mirror system for a vehicle, said interior rearview mirror system comprising: an interior rearview mirror assembly, said interior rearview mirror assembly comprising a reflective mirror element; said reflective element comprising one of (a) a variable reflectance reflective element having a reflectivity which is variable in accordance with a voltage applied thereto and (b) a prismatic reflective element; said reflective element disposed in a mirror housing; said interior rearview mirror assembly comprising a mounting portion for attaching said assembly to a portion of an interior of the vehicle; said reflective element having a field of view rearward of the vehicle when said interior rearview mirror assembly is attached at the portion of the interior of the vehicle; said interior rearview mirror assembly including at least one pivot joint enabling a driver of the vehicle to adjust the rearward field of view of said reflective element to that driver's desired setting; a compass sensor comprising a magneto-responsive sensor selected from the group consisting of a magneto-resistive sensor, a magneto-capacitive sensor, a Hall effect sensor, and a magneto-inductive sensor, said compass sensor one of (i) disposed in said mirror housing, and (ii) disposed at said mounting portion; wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a video camera, said video camera having, when said interior rearview mirror assembly is normally mounted in the vehicle, a field of view that encompasses the windshield of the vehicle; wherein said video camera comprises a CMOS video microchip; and wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a high beam/low beam headlamp controller. 19. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 18 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises at least two electrical accessories selected from the group consisting of a garage door opener, a universal home access system, an INTERNET interface, a remote keyless entry receiver, a rain sensor, a trip computer, an intrusion detector, a phone, a light, a seat occupancy detector, a phone attachment, a printer, a transmitter/receiver, a modem, an instrumentation light, a console light, a solar panel, a windshield defogger device, an antenna, a loudspeaker, a microphone, a digital message recorder, a magnetic tape message recorder, a phone control panel and a digital storage device. 20. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 19 wherein at least one of said at least two electrical accessories comprises a light and wherein said light comprises a light emitting diode. 21. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 18 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a garage door opener and wherein said garage door opener incorporates rolling code. 22. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 18 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a rain sensor. 23. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 18 wherein said compass sensor is disposed in said mirror housing and is supported by said reflective element. 24. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 18 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a high beam/low beam headlamp controller. 25. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 18 wherein a directional information display is located in said mirror housing and is viewable to a driver at one of (a) said reflective element and (b) a bezel portion of said mirror housing. 26. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 18 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly includes a modular carrier member formed separately from and mounted on said mirror housing, said carrier member including an electrically conductive circuit member and a support body, said electrically conductive circuit member integrally molded with said support body, said carrier member providing an integral support for, electrical connections for, and an electrical distribution network to a light. 27. An interior rearview mirror system for a vehicle, said interior rearview mirror system comprising: an interior rearview mirror assembly, said interior rearview mirror assembly comprising a reflective mirror element; said reflective element comprising one of (a) a variable reflectance reflective element having a reflectivity which is variable in accordance with a voltage applied thereto and (b) a prismatic reflective element; said reflective element disposed in a mirror housing; said interior rearview mirror assembly comprising a mounting portion for attaching said assembly to a portion of an interior of the vehicle; said reflective element having a field of view rearward of the vehicle when said interior rearview mirror assembly is attached at the portion of the interior of the vehicle; said interior rearview mirror assembly including at least one pivot joint enabling a driver of the vehicle to adjust the rearward field of view of said reflective element to that driver's desired setting; wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a video camera, said video camera having, when said interior rearview mirror assembly is normally mounted in the vehicle, a field of view that encompasses the windshield of the vehicle and said video camera disposed at said mounting portion; wherein said video camera comprises a CMOS video microchip; wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a high beam/low beam headlamp controller; wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises a garage door opener and wherein said garage door opener incorporates rolling code; and wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises at least one electrical accessory selected from the group consisting of an INTERNET interface, a remote keyless entry receiver, a rain sensor, a trip computer, an intrusion detector, a phone, a light, a seat occupancy detector, a phone attachment, a printer, a transmitter/receiver, a modem, an instrumentation light, a console light, a solar panel, a windshield defogger device, an antenna, a loudspeaker, a microphone, a compass sensor, an information display; a digital message recorder, a magnetic tape message recorder, a phone control panel and a digital storage device. 28. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 27 wherein said at least one electrical accessory comprises a light and wherein said light comprises a light emitting diode. 29. The interior rearview mirror system of claim 28 wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly includes a modular carrier member formed separately from and mounted on said mirror housing, said carrier member including an electrically conductive circuit member and a support body, said electrically conductive circuit member integrally molded with said support body, said carrier member providing an integral support for, electrical connections for, and an electrical distribution network to said light. 