A sunshade includes a post having a rib-mounting member mounted thereon. A plurality of ribs, each having a rib end, are pivotally connected to the rib-mounting member. A runner is slidably mounted on the post. A plurality of stretchers each have a stretcher end pivotally connected to an intermediate portion of an associated rib and a runner end pivotally connected to the runner. An illuminating device is mounted in the runner or the rib-mounting member. Damage to the illuminating device is avoided, as the light modules and the wires of the illuminating device are hidden in the runner or the rib-mounting member.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A sunshade comprising: a post having a rib-mounting member mounted thereon; a plurality of ribs each having a rib end pivotally connected to the rib mounting member; a runner slidably mounted on the post; a plurality of stretchers each having a stretcher end pivotally connected to an intermediate portion of an associated one of the ribs and a runner end pivotally connected to the runner; and an illuminating device mounted in one of the runner and the rib-mounting member; with said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising a body including a receiving space for accommodating the illuminating device and a cover removably mounted to the body, and with the cover being removable to allow access to the receiving space. 2. The sunshade as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a solar energy device for receiving solar energy and transforming solar energy into electricity, and with the solar energy device being electrically connected to the illuminating device. 3. The sunshade as claimed in claim 1, with the receiving space of the body of said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising a plurality of compartments, with the plurality of light modules respectively and removably mounted in the plurality of compartments, and with the cover being removably mounted to cover the plurality of compartments of the body of said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member. 4. The sunshade as claimed in claim 3, with the plurality of compartments being defined in the body, and with each said light module being directly removable from an associated one of the plurality of compartments to an outside of the body. 5. The sunshade as claimed in claim 3, with the illuminating device further comprising a plurality of connectors received in the receiving space of the body, and with each said connector having a first end electrically connected to a power source and a second end to which an associated one of the light modules is removably and electrically coupled. 6. The sunshade as claimed in claim 5, further comprising a stop mounted on the post above the runner for preventing further upward movement of the runner in the unfolded state, and with the second conductive pins being mounted on the stop. 7. The sunshade as claimed in claim 3, further comprising a solar energy device for receiving solar energy and transforming solar energy into electricity, and with the light modules being electrically connected to the solar energy device. 8. The sunshade as claimed in claim 4, further comprising a solar energy device for receiving solar energy and transforming solar energy into electricity, and with the light modules being electrically connected to the solar energy device. 9. A sunshade comprising: a post having a rib-mounting member mounted thereon; a plurality of ribs each having a rib end pivotally connected to the rib mounting member; a runner slidably mounted on the post; a plurality of stretchers each having a stretcher end pivotally connected to an intermediate portion of an associated one of the ribs and a runner end pivotally connected to the runner; and an illuminating device mounted in one of the runner and the rib-mounting member, with the illuminating device comprising a plurality of light modules, two first wires each having a module end to which each said light module is electrically connected and a pin end, with a first conductive pin being mounted on the pin end of each said first wire, with the illuminating device further comprising two second wires each having an upper end electrically connected to a power source and a lower end, with a second conductive pin being mounted on the lower end of each said second wire, with the plurality of stretchers movable between an unfolded state and a folded state, with the plurality of light modules being turned on in the unfolded state in which the first conductive pins are respectively in contact with the second conductive pins, and with the plurality of light modules being turned off in the folded state in which the first conductive pins are disengaged from the second conductive pins. 10. The sunshade as claimed in claim 9, further comprising a stop mounted on the post above the runner for preventing further upward movement of the runner in the unfolded state, and with the second conductive pins being mounted on the stop. 11. The sunshade as claimed in claim 9, with the plurality of compartments being defined in the body, and with each said light module being directly removable from an associated one of the plurality of compartments to an outside of the body. 12. The sunshade as claimed in claim 9, with the illuminating device comprising a plurality of light modules and a plurality of connectors, with each said connector having a first end electrically connected to a power source and a second end to which an associated one of the light modules is removably and electrically coupled. 13. The sunshade as claimed in claim 11, further comprising a solar energy device for receiving solar energy and transforming solar energy into electricity, and with the light modules being electrically connected to the solar energy device. 14. A sunshade comprising: a post having a rib-mounting member mounted thereon; a plurality of ribs each having a rib end pivotally connected to the rib mounting member; a runner slidably mounted on the post; a plurality of stretchers each having a stretcher end pivotally connected to an intermediate portion of an associated one of the ribs and a runner end pivotally connected to the runner; at least one lighting element removably mounted in one of the runner and the rib-mounting member; said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising a battery mounting portion being arcuate in shape concentric to the post and extending through an angle smaller than 360.degree. circumferentially around the post; and a battery unit including a housing removably mounted in the battery mounting portion, with the housing slideably receivable in the battery mounting portion, and with at least one cell mounted in the housing and electrically connected to said at least one lighting element. 15. The sunshade as claimed in claim 14, further comprising a solar energy device for receiving solar energy and transforming solar energy into electricity, the solar energy device being electrically connected to said at least one lighting element. 16. The sunshade as claimed in claim 15, with said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising a body including a receiving space for accommodating said at least one lighting element, a cover removably mounted to the body, with the cover being removable to allow access to the receiving space and at least one compartment for removably receiving said at least one lighting element, with said at least one lighting element respectively and removably mounted in said at least one compartment with the cover being removably mounted to cover said at least one compartment. 17. The sunshade as claimed in claim 16, with said at least one lighting element comprising two first wires each having an element end to which said at least one lighting element is electrically connected and a pin end, with a first conductive pin being mounted on the pin end of each said first wire, with the sunshade further comprising two second wires each having an upper end electrically connected to the solar energy device and a lower end, with a second conductive pin being mounted on the lower end of each said second wire, with the plurality of stretchers movable between an unfolded state and a folded state, with said at least one lighting element being turned on in the unfolded state in which the first conductive pins are respectively in contact with the second conductive pins, and with said at least one lighting element being turned off in the folded state in which the first conductive pins are disengaged from the second conductive pins. 18. The sunshade as claimed in claim 16, with said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising a body including at least one compartment for accommodating said at least one lighting element and a cover removably mounted to the body and located opposite to the battery mounting portion, and with the cover being removable to allow access to said at least one compartment. 19. The sunshade as claimed in claim 17, with said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising a body including at least one compartment for accommodating said at least one lighting element and a cover removably mounted to the body and located opposite to the battery mounting portion, and with the cover being removable to allow access to said at least one compartment. 20. The sunshade as claimed in claim 18, further comprising at least one connector having a first end electrically connected to each of the battery unit and the solar energy device and a second end to which said at least one lighting element is removably and electrically coupled. 21. The sunshade as claimed in claim 19, further comprising at least one connector having a first end electrically connected to each of the battery unit and the solar energy device and a second end to which said at least one lighting element is removably and electrically coupled. 22. The sunshade as claimed in claim 14, with said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising a body including at least one compartment for accommodating said at least one lighting element and a cover removably mounted to the body and located opposite to the battery mounting portion, and with the cover being removable to allow access to said at least one compartment. 23. The sunshade as claimed in claim 17, further comprising a stop mounted on the post above the runner for preventing further upward movement of the runner in the unfolded state, and with the second conductive pins being mounted on the stop. 24. The sunshade as claimed in claim 22, further comprising at least one connector having a first end electrically connected to the battery unit and a second end to which said at least one lighting element is removably and electrically coupled. 25. The sunshade as claimed in claim 23, with said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising a body including at least one compartment for accommodating said at least one lighting element and a cover removably mounted to the body and located opposite to the battery mounting portion, and with the cover being removable to allow access to said at least one compartment. 26. The sunshade as claimed in claim 14, with said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising a body including a receiving space for accommodating said at least one lighting element, a cover removably mounted to the body, with the cover being removable to allow access to the receiving space and at least one compartment for removably receiving said at least one lighting element, with said at least one lighting element respectively and removably mounted in said at least one compartment with the cover being removably mounted to cover said at least one compartment. 27. The sunshade as claimed in claim 26, further comprising at least one connector having a first end electrically connected to the battery unit and a second end to which said at least one lighting element is removably and electrically coupled. 28. The sunshade as claimed in claim 25, further comprising at least one connector having a first end electrically connected to each of the battery unit and the solar energy device and a second end to which said at least one lighting element is removably and electrically coupled. 