The Owner Aware Object represents a new class of Physical Objects that mimic the awareness of the presence or absence in their immediate surroundings of their rightful owner. The system is composed of an Owner Private Space Generator, one or multiple Owner Private Space Sensors and an optional Super Owner Aware Object which is a Computer connected Owner Aware Object. The Generator and the Sensor Objects work together to establish within a three dimensional space, a volume of Object and Owner Security. While within this volume, the Sensor is maintaining ciphered communication link with the Generator and thus establishes a Secure Volume. Should these two components lose this link, a breach of security event is triggered and both units attempt Owner Notification of the new state of the system. Should two or more Owner Private Spaces intersect or collide, all Owners are notified of the new system status.
Claims What it is claimed is: 1. We claim a multi function Owner Aware Object that mimics the awareness of the presence or absence of its rightful owner and that provides a Safe and Intrusion free three dimensional space for its Owner and his possessions and it is comprised of: a frequency agile radio transceiver and its antenna that facilitates the creation of an Owner Aware Object Private Three Dimensional Space and the usage of encrypted communications among Owner Aware Objects as every said Owner Aware Object is assigned a private and dynamic range of operating frequencies; and a Radio Transceiver control circuitry implemented by a highly integrated Microcontroller that is executing a programmed code from its internal Code Space and that provides said Owner Aware Object intelligence and encrypting facilities for said communication messages and also provides a Time Divisions Multiplex and Frequency Division Multiplex control protocol necessary to avoid collisions and jamming, said protocol having; means of creating a Three Dimensional Owner Aware Object Private Space; means to operate a modified token ring network protocol in a network in the radiofrequency spectrum; means of ciphered communication with other Owner Aware Objects by a proprietary network process for the purpose of determining their presence or absence within a three dimensional space volume; means of self configuring at least one of in pairs or within a Network; means of automatic self determination of an Identification Code; means of dropping a disappeared Owner Aware Object Identification Code from the network by automatically reconfiguring the network; means of sounding dynamically programmed, vocal, visual, tone, tactile and olfactory alarm in any combination when necessary; means to locally store digital compressed multi lingual voice messages that can be used for alarm purposes or sent through the network to one or multiple remote Owner Aware Objects; means of at least one of receiving or transmitting and conveying acoustically multi lingual voice messages, paging messages and Morse code messages; means to be integrated with or made part of a keyless entry system; means to be integrated with or made part of a RFID system; and means to store critical personal and health data that can be interrogated remotely and wirelessly by at least one of Health Care or Emergency Medical System workers; means to connect to a computer for the purpose of retrieving event logs, transmitting voice or Morse messages and paging; means to recharge batteries by a photovoltaic cell array or by a contact-less charger; means to enhance an acoustical transducer wave output by using a special mounting position and incorporating it into a specially designed acoustical chamber and its critical physical positioning on the edge of the Owner Aware Object. 2. I claim an Owner Aware Object according to claim 1 that fulfills both tasks, this of a monitor and that of a tag in a single physical enclosure that contains hardware circuits and firmware and power sources needed for its operation. 3. I claim an Owner Aware Object according to claim 1 that said programmed code has means to operate a modified token ring network protocol in the radio frequency spectrum. 4. I claim an Owner Aware Object according to claim 3 that will activate a multiple alarm subsystem when its modified token ring network operations are interrupted or otherwise disturbed by fading, jamming, collisions, node disappearance from the network or electronic active eavesdropping. 5. I claim an Owner Aware Object according to claim 1 that is part of a private radio frequency spectrum network that can accommodate a very large number of Owner Aware Objects and in which any Owner Aware Object can relay messages to any other Owner Aware Object. 6. I claim an Owner Aware Object according to claim 1 that increases the operating range of an Owner Aware Object without increasing the radio frequency output power of a transmitter portion nor by increasing a receiver portion sensitivity but by using a mixed Mode of operations which allow owner Aware Objects to relay network messages beyond the physical range of an owner Aware Private Space Generator. 7. I claim an Owner Aware Object according to claim 1 that can be connected to a Computer System/Network and thus facilitating Owner Aware Objects Voice Messaging and Tone and or Voice Paging and Morse Code Text transmission. 8. I claim an Owner Aware Object according to claim 1 that is capable of sounding and transmit through an network canned Voice and Morse messages. 9. I claim an Owner Aware Object according to claim 1 with special Dynamically Programmable Alarm Subsystems comprised of: A) an Acoustical Transducer/Speaker with a physical mounting that is critical to the performance of Owner Aware Objects and produces a variety of acoustical signals; where an Acoustical Transducer is mounted within a specially designed Acoustical Chamber that enhances and amplifies the audio wave of said Acoustical Transducer, whereas the Acoustical Transducer and its Acoustical Chamber is mounted on the side and laterally to an enclosure such that it will protrude outside and laterally of an enclosure volume, this protrusion creating a cylindrical chamber that terminates in a slightly conical focusing and perforated dome, whereas behind the cylindrical chamber is an elongated conical section that is tuned to a specific mechanical resonance of a certain acoustical frequency range and the position of the protrusion allows Acoustical Ports of said Acoustical Transducer to remain unobstructed even if the Owner Aware Object is compressed in a small wallet; and B) a Dynamically Programmable Olfactive type Alarm that contains: a) a high pressure gas container filled with a highly smelling and volatile gas, b) an electromagnetic valve the can be open or closed under the microcontroller control thus releasing a specific amount of gas in a surrounding environment, c) a flexible ejecting tube that directs the gas outside of the Owner Aware Object enclosure through an opening in the wall of said enclosure, d) a high pressure container that can hold high pressure gas mixed with an identifiable and permanent ink that when it is released will smear/mark permanently objects on which is falling; and C) a Dynamically Programmable Visual type alarm that will produce a variety of luminescent indication of the state of the alarm; and D) a Dynamically Programmable tactile type alarm that will produce a variety of vibration sensation to a user. 10. I claim an Owner Aware Object according to claim 3 that reserves a clear communication channel for at least one of configuration or high priority messaging. 11. I claim an Owner Aware Object according to claim 3 that uses a random number generated by the radio transceiver to compute an Identification Code. 