The invention provides a system for monitoring a container for transporting cargo. The system includes an onboard device attached to the container and a central computer system. The central computer system processes alerts transmitted by the onboard device. The onboard device includes a processor/sensor component and an antenna component. The processor/sensor component comprises a processor for controlling the device. The processor/sensor component also includes one or more sensor in communication with the processor for sensing container conditions. A satellite modem in the processor/sensor component transmits alerts relating to container conditions and other satellite communications. The antenna component includes a satellite antenna, which is connected to the satellite modem.
Claims We claim: 1. A system for monitoring a container for transporting cargo, the system comprising: a. an onboard device attached to the container comprising: i. a processor/sensor component comprising: 1. a processor for controlling the device; 2. one or more sensors in communication with the processor for sensing container conditions; 3. a satellite modem in communication with the processor for transmitting satellite communications comprising alerts relating to container conditions; and 4. a connection to a power source; 5. a cellular telephone modem for transmitting and receiving cellular telephone communications and the antenna unit further comprises a cellular telephone antenna; and ii. an antenna component connected to the process/sensor component, the antenna component comprising a satellite antenna connected to the satellite modem; b. a central computer system in communication with the onboard device for processing alerts received from the onboard device; and c. a fixed communications device for creating a communications hotspot to facilitate communications between the onboard device and the central computer system. 2. A system for monitoring a container for transporting cargo, the system comprising: a. an onboard device attached to the container comprising: i. a processor/sensor component comprising: 1. a processor for controlling the device; 2. one or more sensors in communication with the processor for sensing container conditions; 3. a satellite modem in communication with the processor for transmitting satellite communications comprising alerts relating to container conditions; and 4. a connection to a power source; 5. a cellular telephone modem for transmitting and receiving cellular telephone communications and the antenna unit further comprises a cellular telephone antenna; and ii. an antenna component connected to the process/sensor component, the antenna component comprising a satellite antenna connected to the satellite modem; b. a central computer system in communication with the onboard device for processing alerts received from the onboard device; and c. a fixed communications device for creating a communications hotspot to facilitate communications between the onboard device and the central computer system; wherein the fixed communications device comprises: i. a processor for controlling the device, ii. a short-range wireless communications module for transmitting and receiving communications between the fixed communications device and the onboard device, iii. a cellular telephone modem and cellular telephone antenna for transmitting and receiving communications between the fixed communications device the central computer system via a computer network. 3. A system for monitoring a container for transporting cargo, the system comprising: a. an onboard device attached to the container comprising: i. a processor/sensor component comprising: 1. a processor for controlling the device; 2. one or more sensors in communication with the processor for sensing container conditions; 3. a satellite modem in communication with the processor for transmitting satellite communications comprising alerts relating to container conditions; and 4. a connection to a power source; 5. a cellular telephone modem for transmitting and receiving cellular telephone communications and the antenna unit further comprises a cellular telephone antenna; and ii. an antenna component connected to the process/sensor component, the antenna component comprising a satellite antenna connected to the satellite modem; b. a central computer system in communication with the onboard device for processing alerts received from the onboard device; and c. a fixed communications device for creating a communications hotspot to facilitate communications between the onboard device and the central computer system; wherein the fixed communications device comprises: i. a processor for controlling the device, ii. a short-range wireless communications module for transmitting and receiving communications between the fixed communications device and the onboard device, iii. a cellular telephone modem and cellular telephone antenna for transmitting and receiving communications between the fixed communications device the central computer system via a computer network; iv. a handheld computing device in communication with the onboard device and central computer system, the handheld computing device controlling the mode of operation and/or updating the onboard device; wherein the cargo comprises a computer readable tag containing cargo information, and the handheld computing device further comprises a computer readable tag reader for reading the cargo information. 4. A system for monitoring a container for transporting cargo, the system comprising: a. an onboard device attached to the container comprising: i. a processor/sensor component comprising: 1. a processor for controlling the device; 2. one or more sensors in communication with the processor for sensing container conditions; 3. a satellite modem in communication with the processor for transmitting satellite communications comprising alerts relating to container conditions; and 4. a connection to a power source; 5. a cellular telephone modem for transmitting and receiving cellular telephone communications and the antenna unit further comprises a cellular telephone antenna; and 6. a memory for storing data relating to container conditions or position; ii. an antenna component connected to the process/sensor component, the antenna component comprising a satellite antenna connected to the satellite modem; b. a central computer system in communication with the onboard device for processing alerts received from the onboard device; and c. a fixed communications device for creating a communications hotspot to facilitate communications between the onboard device and the central computer system; wherein the fixed communications device comprises: i. a processor for controlling the device, ii. a short-range wireless communications module for transmitting and receiving communications between the fixed communications device and the onboard device, iii. a cellular telephone modem and cellular telephone antenna for transmitting and receiving communications between the fixed communications device the central computer system via a computer network; iv. a handheld computing device in communication with the onboard device and central computer system, the handheld computing device controlling the mode of operation and/or updating the onboard device; wherein the container has an identification number, and wherein the handheld computing device receives and correlates the container identification number and cargo information and transmits the correlated container identification number and cargo information to the central computer system. 5. A system for monitoring a container for transporting cargo, the system comprising: a. an onboard device attached to the container comprising: i. a processor/sensor component comprising: 1. a processor for controlling the device; 2. one or more sensors in communication with the processor for sensing container conditions; 3. a satellite modem in communication with the processor for transmitting satellite communications comprising alerts relating to container conditions; and 4. a connection to a power source; 5. a cellular telephone modem for transmitting and receiving cellular telephone communications and the antenna unit further comprises a cellular telephone antenna; and ii. an antenna component connected to the process/sensor component, the antenna component comprising a satellite antenna connected to the satellite modem; b; a central computer system in communication with the onboard device for processing alerts received from the onboard device; and c. a fixed communications device for creating a communications hotspot to facilitate communications between the onboard device and the central computer system; wherein the fixed communications device comprises: i. a processor for controlling the device, ii. a short-range wireless communications module for transmitting and receiving communications between the fixed communications device and the onboard device, iii. a cellular telephone modem and cellular telephone antenna for transmitting and receiving communications between the fixed communications device the central computer system via a computer network; and iv. a handheld computing device in communication with the onboard device and central computer system, the handheld computing device controlling the mode of operation and/or updating the onboard device; wherein the handheld device receives software updates from the central computer system and communicates the updates to the onboard device. 6. A system for monitoring and tracking a container for transporting cargo, the container having a container identification number and the cargo having a computer-readable tag containing cargo information, the system comprising: a. an onboard device attached to the container comprising: i. a processor/sensor component comprising: 1. a processor for controlling the device, wherein the processor is programmed to select a mode of communications from multiple modes of wireless communications comprising satellite communications, cellular telephone communications, and short-range wireless communications based upon one or more rules; 2. a memory in communication with the processor; 3. one or more sensors in communication with the processor for sensing container conditions; 4. a satellite modem in communication with the processor for transmitting satellite communications comprising alerts relating to container conditions; 5. a global positioning system (GPS) receiver in communication with the processor for determining the position of the device; 6. a short-range wireless communications module for transmitting and receiving short-range radio-frequency (RF) communications comprising alerts relating to container conditions; 7. cellular telephone modem in communication with the processor for transmitting and receiving cellular telephone communications comprising alerts relating to container conditions; and 8. a power connection for connecting to a rechargeable battery; ii. an antenna component connected to the process/sensor component, the antenna component comprising: 1. a satellite antenna in communication with the satellite modem; 2. a GPS antenna in communication with the GPS receiver; 3. a short-range RF antenna in communication with the short-range wireless communications module; 4. a cellular telephone antenna in communication with the cellular telephone modem; iii. a clamping component for attaching the device to the container; and iv. a solar panel for recharging the battery; and b. a central computer system in communication with the onboard device via a computer network, wherein the central computer system processes alerts received from the onboard device and tracks the position of the onboard device; c. one or more fixed communications devices for creating a communications hotspot to facilitate communications between the onboard device and the central computer system, each fixed communications devices comprising: i. a processor for controlling the fixed communication device; ii. a short-range wireless communications module for transmitting and receiving short-range RF communications between the fixed communications device and the onboard device; and iii. cellular modem and cellular telephone antenna for transmitting and receiving communications between the fixed communications device and one or more external computing device via a computer network; and d. one or more handheld computing devices in communication with the onboard device via short-range RF signals and the central computer system via a wired or wireless connection to a computer network, the one or more handheld computing devices controlling the mode of operation and updating the onboard device, wherein at least one of the handheld computing devices comprises a computer readable tag reader for reading the cargo information, and wherein the handheld computing device receives and correlates the container identification number and cargo information and transmits the correlated container identification number and cargo information to the central computer system. 