A lawnmower consisting essentially of a rotary cutting apparatus comprising a plurality of small blades and a grass guide for bending and constraining the grass for ease of cutting. The grass guide is mounted substantially parallel to the drive shafts which extend beyond the rear-most end of the grass guide and to which cutting blades are affixed. As the mower is propelled forward, the grass guide bends the grass forward and constrains movement of the grass such that only a section of the outer radii of the blades contact the grass, optimizing cutting efficiency. The blades may be individually driven by one or more small electric motors powered by a rechargeable battery or batteries or other sources. The grass guide is situated at an angle adjustably tilted between 1 and 90 degrees in the longitudinal direction from vertical in order to limit the cutting area of the blades and power requirements.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A rotary cutting apparatus comprising an adjustable grass guide consisting essentially of a substantially rigid and rectangular member spanning the cutting width of the apparatus transversely, wherein the angle of said grass guide can be adjusted within an angular range of 1 to 90 degrees from vertical and temporarily fixed at any angle within said range, a means for adjusting and temporarily fixing said angle within said range, a plurality of drive shafts aligned above and substantially parallel to said grass guide and extending rearward of the rear-most point of said grass guide when said angle is fixed at 90 degrees from vertical, a means for mounting said drive shafts to said grass guide such that said drive shafts remain substantially parallel with said grass guide throughout its full range of angular adjustment, a cutting blade centrally fixed to the rearward-extending end of each drive shaft in substantially perpendicular orientation to said drive shafts and said grass guide, wherein the lowest point of each cutting blade extends below said grass guide when said angle is fixed at 90 degrees from vertical, a power means driving the rotation of said drive shafts, a chassis, and a means for effecting movement of the apparatus over a cutting surface. 2. The rotary cutting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said means for adjusting and temporarily fixing said angle within said angular range comprises an arched housing spanning the cutting width of the apparatus transversely, an arched adjustment plate of similar radius to that of said arched housing and connected to said Mass guide, wherein said arched housing and said arched adjustment plate are positioned adjacent to each other such that a portion of each overlaps in with that of the other, wherein the angle of said grass guide can be adjusted within an angular range 1 to 90 degrees from vertical by sliding said arched adjustment plate forward and rearward, and a means to temporarily fix said grass guide at an angle selected from within said annular range. 3. The rotary cutting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said means for effecting movement of the apparatus over a cutting surface comprises a handle to facilitate manual propulsion of the apparatus over the cutting surface and one or more wheels fixed to the chassis by way of wheel axles. 4. The rotary cutting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said power means comprises a single one or more electric motors. 5. The rotary cutting apparatus of claim 4, wherein said motor is or motors are powered by one or more batteries. 6. The rotary cutting apparatus of claim 4, wherein said motor is or motors are powered by a combination of one or more batteries and one or more solar cells. 7. The rotary cutting apparatus of claim 4, wherein said motor is or motors are powered by one or more fuel cells. 8. The rotary cutting apparatus of claim 4, wherein said motor is or motors are powered by an electrical extension cord plugged into an electrical outlet. 9. The rotary cutting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said power means consists of an internal combustion engine. 10. The rotary cutting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said power means consists of a hybrid power source. 11. The rotary cutting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said cutting blades are replaceable. 12. The rotary cutting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said power means is replaceable. 13. The rotary cutting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said means for effecting movement of the apparatus over a cutting surface is self-guiding. 14. The rotary cutting apparatus of claim 1, wherein the distance between the plane of rotation of said cutting blades and the rear-most portion of said grass guide is adjustable. 