A convertible dock ramp has an upper end pivotally mounted to a mounting structure, and a lower end resting on a second structure. The dock ramp includes a pair of spaced-apart side frames each including upper and lower rails; and a plurality of steps each including a tread surface and a bottom surface connected by spaced-apart curved front and rear surfaces. The steps are pivotally mounted between the side frames such that the tread surfaces remain substantially parallel to each other as the side frames pivot. The steps are pivotable between: a ramp configuration in which the tread surfaces collectively form a flat ramp surface; and a stair configuration in which the tread surfaces collectively form a staircase-like structure. A changeover mechanism selectively retains the convertible dock ramp in the ramp configuration or the stair configuration.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A convertible dock ramp having an upper end for being pivotally mounted to a mounting structure, and a lower end for resting on a second structure, the convertible dock ramp comprising: a pair of spaced-apart side frames each including substantially parallel upper and lower rails; and a plurality of steps each including a tread surface and a bottom surface connected by spaced-apart curved front and rear surfaces, the steps pivotally mounted between the side frames such that the tread surfaces are maintained substantially parallel to each other as the side frames pivot about the upper end, the steps further being pivotable between: a ramp configuration in which the tread surfaces collectively form a substantially flat ramp surface; and a stair configuration in which the tread surfaces collectively form a staircase-like structure; and a changeover mechanism for retaining the steps in a selected one of the ramp configuration and the stair configuration, while allowing the dock ramp to pivot about the upper end regardless of whether the steps are in the ramp configuration or the stair configuration, and further allowing the steps to pivot to remain substantially parallel to each other as the side frames pivot about the upper end, when the steps are in the stair configuration. 2. The convertible dock ramp of claim 1 in which: the upper rails are mounted for pivotal motion about upper ends thereof, relative to the mounting structure, at a first hinge point; and the upper and lower rails are moveable between: a first position with the upper rails and the lower rails are in contact such that the tread surfaces are in the ramp configuration; and a second position with the lower rails spaced away from the upper rails such that the tread surfaces are in the stair configuration. 3. The convertible dock ramp of claim 2 in which the changeover mechanism comprises: at least one actuator extending between the upper and lower rails, the at least one actuator selectively moveable between: a retracted position in which the upper and lower rails are disposed in the first position; and an extended position in which the upper and lower rails are forced to the second position. 4. The convertible dock ramp of claim 3 in which the actuator is electrically powered. 5. The convertible dock ramp of claim 4 in which the actuator resists deviation from a selected position when electrical power is removed from the actuator. 6. The convertible dock ramp of claim 4 further comprising: a battery operably connected to the actuator for supplying electric power thereto; and a solar cell operably connected to the battery for charging the battery. 7. The convertible dock ramp of claim 5 further comprising: a first switch disposed near an upper end of the convertible dock ramp and operably connected to the actuator for controlling motion of the actuator between the retracted and extended positions; and a second switch disposed near a lower end of the convertible dock ramp and operably connected to the actuator for controlling motion of the actuator between the retracted and extended positions. 8. The convertible dock ramp of claim 1 wherein each of the steps includes spaced-apart end walls at laterally opposite ends thereof. 9. The convertible dock ramp of claim 1 wherein each of the steps includes spaced-apart upper and lower tubes extending from each of the end walls. 10. The convertible dock ramp of claim 1 wherein each of the steps is constructed from molded plastic. 