A method and system for powering at least one switch provided on the steering wheel assembly of a marine vehicle. A rechargeable accumulator is provided in the steering wheel assembly. The switch is powered from the accumulator. An energy source is provided for recharging the accumulator. A detected energy level and/or a detected time elapsed is compared to a threshold value corresponding to the energy level being sufficient to power the switch and enable its use and determine if there is energy sufficiency or an energy insufficiency in the accumulator. If the comparison yields an energy insufficiency, the energy source is instructed to recharge the accumulator, and hence increase its energy level.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for powering at least one subsystem switch provided on a steering wheel assembly of a marine vehicle, comprising: providing a rechargeable accumulator having an energy level, in said steering wheel assembly; powering said switch from said accumulator; providing an energy source in said marine vehicle, able to induce recharge energy into said accumulator; comparing one of a detected value of said energy level with an energy threshold value corresponding to a value of said energy level sufficient to power said at least one switch and enable its use, and a detected time elapsed since recharge energy was induced into said accumulator with a time threshold value corresponding to a time after which said energy level equals said energy threshold value, determining one of a sufficiency and an insufficiency of said energy level upon said comparison; if said comparison yields said insufficiency, instructing said energy source to recharge said accumulator, thereby increasing said energy level; and repeating said steps of comparing, determining, and instructing thereby ensuring said sufficiency. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said energy source is a main power supply of said marine vehicle and said marine vehicle further comprises an ignition switch capable of being in one of an ON and an OFF state and, said method further comprising: detecting said state; and inducing energy from said main power supply into said accumulator upon detection of said ON state. 3. The method of claim 2 further comprising powering said switch from said main power supply upon detection of said ON state. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein said vehicle further comprises an ignition switch capable of being in one of an ON and OFF state and said energy source is a main power supply of said marine vehicle, said method further comprising: detecting said state; and powering said switch from said main power supply upon detection of said ON state. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein said energy source is a main power supply of said marine vehicle, said marine vehicle further has a transformer for transferring energy from a hub assembly of said marine vehicle to said steering wheel assembly, and wherein said step of instructing to recharge comprises: activating a primary of said transformer upon said instruction, said primary being powered by said main power supply and being provided within said hub assembly of said marine vehicle; inducing tension at a secondary of said transformer from said activated primary, said secondary being provided in said steering wheel assembly; and recharging said accumulator from said tension induced at said secondary. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprising: providing a secondary energy source able to receive solar energy; converting said solar energy into support energy; and inducing said support energy into said accumulator. 7. The method of claim 6 further comprising determining if said solar energy is converted to an amount of said support energy that is sufficient to one of increase, maintain and diminish decrease of said energy level; wherein said inducing comprises triggering said inducing if said solar energy is determined to be sufficient. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein said switch corresponds to a subsystem of said marine vehicle, said method further comprising: activating said switch by a user, and actuating said corresponding subsystem upon said activation. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein said time threshold value is determined by measuring elapsed time for said energy level to decrease from a maximal value to a minimal value corresponding to a minimum of said energy threshold value, when no recharge has taken place during said elapsed time. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein said energy threshold value is determined by measuring a minimal energy level at which said use of said switch is enabled. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein said energy source is a main power supply of said marine vehicle and said marine vehicle further comprises a hub assembly, further comprising communicating said instruction from said steering wheel assembly to said hub assembly of said marine vehicle. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein said communicating comprises: generating a data train comprising said instruction, emitting said data train, capturing said data train, receiving said data train. 13. A system for powering at least one subsystem switch provided on a steering wheel assembly of a marine vehicle, comprising: a rechargeable accumulator in said steering wheel assembly, capable of supplying energy to said at least one switch, and having an energy level; an energy source in said marine vehicle able to induce recharge energy into said accumulator; a comparator for comparing one of an actual value of said energy level detected by a detector with a provided energy threshold value corresponding to a value of said energy level sufficient to power said at least one switch and enable its use, and an actual value of time elapsed since recharge energy was induced into said accumulator with a provided time threshold value corresponding to a time after which said energy level equals said energy threshold value, said time elapsed being monitored by a timer, and determining one of a sufficiency and an insufficiency of said energy level upon said comparison; and a controller for instructing said energy source to recharge said accumulator thereby increasing said energy level, if said comparison yields said insufficiency; wherein said comparator, and said controller are capable of continually repeating said comparing, determining, and instructing to ensure said sufficiency. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein said accumulator is one of a capacitor, a high-value capacitor, an ultra-capacitor, and a rechargeable battery. 15. The system of claim 13 wherein said energy source is a main power supply of said marine vehicle. 16. The system of claim 15 further comprising a transformer having a primary in a hub assembly of said marine vehicle and a secondary in said steering wheel assembly, for transmitting energy from said main power supply to said primary, inducing tension from said primary to said secondary, and recharging said accumulator from said tension induced; wherein there is no contact between said primary and said secondary. 17. The system of claim 15 further comprising a transmission device for communicating information of said instruction from said steering wheel assembly to a hub assembly of said marine vehicle. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein said transmission device is an infrared transmission device. 19. The system of claim 18 wherein said infrared transmission device comprises an infrared emitting diode for emitting a data train comprising information of said instruction, and a phototransistor for capturing said data train. 20. The system of claim 19 further comprising a data driver for generating said data train. 21. The system of claim 19 further comprising a receiver for receiving said data train from said phototransistor and activating said main power supply to said recharge. 22. The system of claim 15 further comprising a secondary energy source in said steering wheel assembly, said secondary energy source being able to induce support energy into said accumulator for one of increasing, maintaining, and diminish decreasing of said energy level. 23. The system of claim 22 further comprising an activator for determining if said support energy is sufficient for said induction, and for triggering said induction if said support energy is determined to be sufficient. 24. The system of claim 22 wherein said secondary energy source is a solar panel disposed onto said steering wheel. 25. The system of claim 13 wherein said detector is a voltmeter for detecting a voltage value of said energy level. 26. The system of claim 13 wherein said timer is a discharge timer for determining said insufficiency, further comprising a recharge timer for monitoring a value of time elapsed since said recharge has begun, and for determining said sufficiency. 