An apparatus for converting a low voltage alternating current (AC) wiring circuit to a high speed data communications link, comprising a primary coupling circuit and a secondary coupling circuit. The apparatus provides low voltage AC power to a data device and couples data signals between the data device and the AC power line via the converted low voltage AC wiring circuit. An example is provided for retrofitting a door chime system to a high speed data link such as a video camera system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Apparatus for converting a doorbell wiring circuit to a high speed data communications link, comprising: an entry unit coupled to the doorbell wiring circuit at an entrance of a building and further including a video camera coupled to the doorbell wiring circuit for producing a video image of a visitor at the entrance and providing a signal output on the doorbell wiring circuit; and a transceiver unit coupled to the doorbell wiring circuit at a location of a door chime unit in the building; the transceiver further comprising: a receiving circuit, for receiving the signal output from the doorbell wiring circuit and converting the signal output to wireless data; and a transmitting circuit for transmitting the wireless data to a monitor unit within the building. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the entry unit comprises: an encoder for encoding the video image from the camera into the signal output for transmission on the doorbell wiring circuit; and a control processor having control outputs coupled to the video camera and the encoder. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the control processor includes first and second control terminals coupled to a doorbell switch for operating the door chime. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the receiving circuit comprises: an interface circuit coupled between the doorbell wiring circuit and the receiving circuit; and a data converter having an input coupled from an output of the receiving circuit and providing a wireless data output. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the transmitting circuit comprises: a transmitter having an input coupled to the wireless data output and an output coupled to an antenna for emitting a wireless signal to the monitor unit within the building. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the entry unit further comprises: a battery for supplying operating voltages to the entry unit. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the entry unit comprises: an audio transducer for detecting and emitting sound at the entrance and having a sound output coupled to a sound input of the encoder. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein signals present at the sound input of the encoder are combined in the encoder with the video image. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the transceiver unit is coupled to a standard AC power line via a step down transformer. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the step down transformer is an existing transformer provided with an existing low voltage AC control circuit selected from the group consisting of a doorbell chime system, a security alarm system and a HVAC system. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the entry unit further comprises a power source selected from the group consisting of solar power, signal-derived power, storage capacitor and AC line supplied power. 12. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the control processor includes first and second control terminals coupled to a doorbell switch for activating the entry unit. 13. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the control processor includes first and second control terminals coupled to a hands-free sensor device providing an output signal for activating the entry unit. 