A temporary or portable traffic signal can be utilized to regulate traffic during power outages. However, when power is restored and the normal operation of the permanently installed traffic signal resumes, then a method of interconnecting the permanent and temporary systems ensures that the operation of the two system are synchronized in predetermined and/or selectable modes of operation. Whenever power is available, an interface detects operation of the permanently installed main system and produces signals that can be used in one mode of operation to direct the portable system to ignore its internal timing sequences and synchronize with the main system, or in another mode of operation to cease its operation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A portable traffic signal system operable for use at the same location as a permanent traffic signal system, said permanent traffic signal system comprising permanently mounted electrically operated signals for controlling traffic and a permanently mounted system controller which generates a predetermined sequence of operation for said permanently mounted electrically operated signals, said permanent traffic signal system being subject to outages, said portable traffic signal system comprising: portable electrically operated signals to be displayed for controlling said traffic, said portable electrically operated signals being configured for use at a selectable location; a portable power supply to operate said portable electrically operated signals; a portable system controller operable for controlling said electrically operated signals to be displayed; one or more timing mechanisms for generating a predetermined timing sequence to control a sequence of operation of said portable electrically operated signals to be displayed; an interface for sensing operation and outage of said permanently mounted electrically operated signals and for producing external control data in response to said operation or outage of said permanently mounted electrically operated signals; and a receiver for receiving external control data, when said external control data is present then said portable system controller being configured to respond to receipt of said external control data in at least one of a first mode of operation wherein operation of said portable electrically operated signals is at least partially inhibited and a second mode of operation wherein operation of said portable electrically operated signals is synchronized with said permanently mounted electrically operated signals, and wherein when said external control data is absent then said portable system controller is configured to utilize said predetermined timing sequence generated by said one or more timing mechanisms for controlling said portable electrically operated signals. 2. The system of claim 1 further comprising a wireless link between said interface and at least one of said portable traffic signal system and said permanent traffic signal system. 3. The system of claim 2 wherein said interface further comprises a wireless transmitter. 4. The system of claim 1 further comprising one or more optical sensors for detecting operation of said permanent traffic signal system. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein said portable system controller is configured to override at least partially said predetermined timing sequence by responding to external instruction signals which determine a function, timing, or other characteristics of said sequence of operation of said portable electrically operated signals. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein said portable power supply comprises at least one of a cell or battery of cells and a solar panel or other charging source. 7. A temporary traffic signal system for controlling traffic, comprising: electrically operated signals to be displayed for controlling said traffic, said electrically operated signals being configured to be portable for use at a selectable location; at least one switch to operate said electrically operated signals; a portable system controller operable for controlling said at least one switch; one or more timing mechanisms for generating a predetermined timing sequence for use by said portable system controller to control a sequence of operation of said electrically operated signals to be displayed; and a receiver for receiving external control data when said external control data is present, said portable system controller being configured to respond to a receipt of said external control data in at least one of a first mode of operation wherein said portable system controller inhibits operation of said electrically operated signals and a second mode of operation wherein said portable system controller whereupon said controller utilizes said external control data to determine at least partially said sequence of operation of said electrically operated signals to be displayed, and wherein when said external control data is absent then said portable system controller is configured to utilize said predetermined timing sequence generated by said one or more timing mechanisms for controlling said electrically operated signals. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein when said external control data is absent then said portable system controller is operable to override at least partially said predetermined timing sequence by responding to external sensors that indicate the presence and/or location of vehicles and said predetermined timing sequence. 9. The system of claim 7 wherein when said external control data is absent then said portable system controller is operable to override at least partially said predetermined timing sequence by responding to external pre-emptive signals which indicate the approach of one or more emergency vehicles, with said portable system controller responding according to a predetermined instruction set. 10. The system of claim 7 wherein when said external control data is absent then said portable system controller is operable to override at least partially said predetermined timing sequence by responding to external instruction signals which determine the function, timing, or other characteristics of said portable system controller. 11. The system of claim 7 further comprising a permanent traffic signal system interface operable for producing said external control data. 12. The system of claim 7 further comprising at least one light sensor operable to detect a presence or absence of light, said at least one light sensor producing an output that is utilized to generate said external control data. 13. The system of claim 12 further comprising said at least one light sensor comprising a mounting suitable for temporary attachment adjacent to at least one light of a permanent traffic signal system. 14. A method to provide backup traffic signals for controlling traffic that is suitable for temporarily replacing a permanent traffic signal system that is subject to outages, said method comprising: providing portable electrically operated traffic signals suitable to be displayed at a selectable location for controlling said traffic; generating a predetermined timing sequence to control a sequence of operation of said portable electrically operated traffic signals; providing at least one receiver for receiving external control data when said external control data is available; wherein the external control data is generated in accordance to sensed operation and outage of permanent traffic signals; controlling said portable electrically operated signals utilizing said predetermined timing sequence when said external control data is not available; and controlling said portable electrically operating signals responsive to receipt of said external control data when said external control data exists for coordinating operation of portable electrically operated by operating in at least one of a first mode of operation and a second mode of operation such that in said first mode of operation said permanent traffic signal system is utilized substantially exclusively for controlling a direction of flow of said traffic, and in said second mode of operation said external control data is utilized to provide synchronization between said portable electrically operating signals and said permanent traffic signal system. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising providing a selector for selecting between said first mode of operation and said second mode of operation. 16. The method of claim 14 wherein said step of receiving further comprises receiving said external control data from said permanent traffic signal system whenever said permanent traffic signal system is operational. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein intermittent operation of said permanent traffic signal system results in a synchronization of said portable electrically operating signals with signals of said permanent traffic signal system whenever said permanent traffic signal system is operation. 18. The method of claim 16 wherein said external control data is wirelessly transmitted. 19. The method of claim 16 wherein optical sensors detect operation of said permanent traffic signal system. 