Apparatus 10 discloses a subsea monitoring station using solar cells to energize at least one electronic circuit incorporating at least one node having a determinable circuit value or other parameter test station providing a full time voltage readout, powered by the lights 16 on an ROV/AUV 14 or diver's lamp. An additional element of the apparatus is a subsea cathodic protection test station 18 incorporating a plurality of banks of solar cells 28 powering DC voltage test circuits having some form of parameter display, such as voltmeter readout 30, deriving voltage from ambient light 16 provided by outside sources, such as an ROV 14 or diver's lamp. The apparatus's cathodic protection test system includes four integral voltmeters 30 of which are powered with independent solar panels 28. The solar panels 28 are powered by artificial light 16 delivered by diver or submersible vehicle 14. The test station 18 includes sensors 48 that are hard wired back to the solar powered voltage readouts contained within the subsea pressure housing 32. The readout unit 20 can be incorporated into the structure being monitored, the cathodic protection anode source or can be integrated into a buoyant module 42 which floats above the sea bed.
Claims I claim: 1. A subsea apparatus for monitoring a subsea structure, the apparatus being solar-panel powered, comprising: a) a monitoring station being disposed on the subsea structure so that the subsea structure can be monitored for a parameter; b) said monitoring station having an electrical circuit; c) an input sensor for monitoring the subsea structure for the parameter and providing an input signal to said electrical circuit; d) a voltage readout for displaying said parameter as a function of voltage; e) wherein said electrical circuit converts said input signal to a suitable voltage for display by the voltage readout; and, f) a subsea solar panel for providing power to said electrical circuit, said solar panel receiving light from an artificial subsea source. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a subsea buoyant member that contains said voltage readout, wherein said subsea buoyant member is positioned away from the subsea structure. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a tether that connects said subsea buoyant member to the subsea structure, said tether electrically connecting said input sensors to said electrical circuit. 4. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a waterproof pressure housing for containing said voltage readout. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the pressure housing has a face with an identification bezel and a lens disposed in said bezel. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the pressure housing has a retainer ring that mechanically connects said lens to said pressure housing. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said input sensor monitors for cathodic protection. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said input sensor monitors for temperature. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said input sensor monitors for pressure. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said input sensor monitors for flow rate. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said input sensor comprises a ground reference. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein said ground reference comprises a reference electrode. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said voltage readout displays reference potentials. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said voltage readout displays current density. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said voltage readout displays anode current. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the monitoring station has a plurality of solar panels. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the monitoring station has a plurality of voltage readouts. 18. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the monitoring station has a plurality of input sensors. 19. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the monitoring station has means for electrical interconnection of said input sensor to said electrical circuit. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein said means for electrical interconnection comprises a junction box. 21. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said monitoring station is incorporated into the subsea structure. 22. A subsea apparatus for monitoring a subsea structure, the apparatus being solar panel powered, comprising: a) a monitoring station disposed on a subsea structure that monitors the subsea structure for at least one parameter; b) an electrical circuit integrated with the monitoring station; c) at least one input sensor connected to the monitoring station that provides an input signal to the electrical circuit; d) a voltage readout that displays the parameters; e) a subsea solar panel connected to the electrical circuit, and f) an artificial subsea light source that powers the solar panel. 