A fishing pole strike alert device having an anchor pivotally connected to a rod holder with spring tensioned members positioned between the anchor and the rod holder. The tensioning members vary the angular displacement of the rod holder and anchor, which is used in an electrical alarm circuit with alarm contacts actuatable through the angular displacement between the anchor and rod holder with one of the contacts user selectively positionable to vary the pressure required to actuate the alarm circuit. The electrical circuit uses a self-contained DC power source, preferably a battery. The present invention also provides a fishing strike pole alert device wherein the anchor is a stake decreasing diametrically to a point whereby the anchor can be inserted into the ground.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A fishing rod strike alert for retaining a fishing rod during use and alerting the user of activity on the line comprising: a) a substantially flat anchor member tapering to a point at a bottom portion thereof and including a base plate with a pair of recesses extending perpendicularly from a top portion; b) a rod holder bracket in liner alignment with said anchor member supporting a fishing rod holder and having a pivot plate extending perpendicularly from a bottom of said rod holder bracket for a length of said base plate with a contact member mounting plate extending angularly downward from a distal end thereof, said pivot plate further including a pair of recesses in alignment with said recesses of said base plate, said pivot plate being pivotal about said distal end of said pivot plate, said fishing rod holder attached to said rod holder bracket directly above said pivot plate; c) a first electrical contact mounted on said flat anchor member under said base plate between said recesses; d) an adjustment screw threaded through said contact mounting plate having a second electrical contact on a distal end thereof spaced from said first electrical contact whereby when said rod holder bracket pivots said contacts come into contact each other after a pre-determined distance of travel of said second electrical contact; e) an alarm system for activating an alarm when said first and second contacts come into contact with each other, an adjustment by a user of said adjustment screw changing the distance said second contact must travel and said rod holder must pivot to set off said alarm; and f) a bolt extending through each said pair of mating recesses on said pivot plate and said base plate having a head above said pivot plate and a nut on said bolt below said base plate, a tension spring disposed on each said bolt between said base plate and said nut, whereby a bias required to pivot said rod holder on said anchor member is adjusted by tightening said nuts to compress said springs to require a greater bias and loosening said nuts to require a lesser bias whereby ad user can adjust both to set how much bias needs to be applied to said rod holder for said rod holder to move and the adjustment screw for the distance said rod holder must move to actuate said alarm. 2. A fishing rod strike alert for retaining a fishing rod during use and alerting the user of activity on the line comprising: a) a substantially flat anchor member tapering to a point at a bottom portion thereof and including a base plate with a pair of recesses extending perpendicularly from a top portion; b) a rod holder bracket in linear alignment with said anchor member having a pivot plate extending perpendicularly from a bottom thereof for the length of said base plate with a contact member mounting plate extending angularly downward from a distal end thereof, said pivot plate further including a pair of recesses in alignment with said recesses of said base plate; c) a strike pressure adjustment means for pivotally securing said rod holder bracket to said anchor member; d) a fishing rod holder mounting on said rod holder bracket; e) means comprising an alarm engagement switch and related circuitry for alerting a user when said rod holder bracket has pivoted a pre-determined distance on said anchor member; and f) said alarm engagement switch means comprising a battery, a first electrical contact mounted on said anchor member proximal said base plate an in electrical communication with said battery, an alarm in electrical communication with said first electrical contact said battery, and an adjustment screw threaded through said contact mounting plate having a second electrical contact on a distal end thereof spaced from said first electrical contact whereby once said rod holder bracket pivots said predetermined distance for said contacts to come into contact with each other, an electrical circuit is closed, activating said alarm, said adjustment screw being adjustable by a user to adjust said predetermined distance said second contact must travel and said rod holder must pivot to set off the alarm and whereby a use can use said strike pressure adjustment means to set how much bias needs to be applied to said rod holder for said rod holder to move and actuate said alarm; wherein said strike pressure adjustment means comprises a) a bolt extending through each said pair of mating recesses on said pivot plate and said base plate, b) a tension spring disposed on each said bolt; and c) a nut disposed on the end of each said bolt sandwiching each said spring between its respective nut and said base plate, whereby the bias required to act upon said rod holder to cause said rod holder bracket to pivot on said anchor member may be adjusted by tightening said nuts to compress said springs to require a greater bias and loosening said nuts to require a lesser bias. 3. The fishing rod strike alert as recited in claim 2, wherein said alarm is an audible alarm. 4. The fishing rod strike alert as recited in claim 2, wherein said alarm is a visual alarm. 5. The fishing rod strike alert as recited in claim 2, wherein said alarm includes a visual and an audible alarm. 6. The fishing rod strike alert as recited in claim 2, wherein said alarm engagement switch has a protective cover to prevent the components from the elements. 7. The fishing rod strike alert as recited in claim 2, further including an anchor member extension means comprising a plurality of recesses disposed in said anchor member and an extension spike having a plurality of recesses corresponding with those in said extension means wherein said extension spike is fastened thereto with fastener elements extending through said recesses. 8. The fishing rod strike alert as recited in claim 2, wherein said battery is rechargeable. 9. The fishing rod strike alert as recited in claim 8, further including solar rechargeable capabilities comprising: a) a plurality of solar panels disposed on said rod holder; and b) a recharge unit in electrical communication with said solar panels and said rechargeable batteries. 10. The fishing rod strike alert as recited in claim 2, further including an abrasive outer sheath to retain said anchor member therein and sized for insertion into a standard fishing rod holder. 