A solar power station includes a solar panel assembly, having a substantially planar solar panel, and first, second and third towers. Each of the towers includes multiple vertically stacked floors and a main bearing structure pivotally mounting the solar panel assembly to the tower upper end. Each of the floors includes an arrangement of robots that are connected to each vertically adjacent floor. At least some of the robots including hydraulic jacks. A controller selectively actuates the hydraulic jacks, such that each of the towers is individually extendable from a bottom position to an extended position. Selectively moving one or more of the towers rotates the solar panel about one or both of the axes, whereby the solar panel is maintained at an optimal orientation for collecting solar power.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar power station comprising: a solar panel assembly having a substantially planar solar panel having longitudinal and lateral axes; and a plurality of towers, each of the towers being individually extendable from a bottom position to an extended position, each of the towers having an upper end and a main bearing structure pivotally mounting the solar panel assembly to the tower upper end, the main bearing structure of at least one of the towers comprising: a main slide bearing box mounted to the tower upper end, the main slide bearing box having longitudinal and lateral axes; a main support shaft extending longitudinally through the main slide bearing box, the main support shaft having oppositely disposed first and second end portions and being longitudinally and rotationally movable relative to the main slide bearing box; and first and second support boxes mounted on the main support shaft first and second end portions, respectively, and to the solar panel assembly; wherein selectively moving one or more of the towers rotates the solar panel about one or both of the axes whereby the solar panel is maintained at an optimal orientation for collecting solar power. 2. The solar power station of claim 1 wherein the main slide bearing box includes: a lower mounting assembly fixedly mounted to the tower upper end and an upper bearing assembly having a longitudinal opening for receiving the main support shaft, the upper bearing assembly being pivotally mounted to the mounting assembly about the lateral axis. 3. The solar power station of claim 2 wherein the upper bearing assembly includes a slide bearing having a shape complimentary to that of the main support shaft disposed around the opening. 4. The solar power station of claim 1 wherein the solar power station includes first, second and third towers, the first tower being longitudinally spaced from the second tower and the third tower being laterally spaced from the first and second towers. 5. The solar power station of claim 4 wherein the main bearing structure of the first and second towers comprises: the main slide bearing box; the main support shaft; and the first and second support boxes. 6. The solar power station of claim 5 wherein the main bearing structure of the third tower further comprises: the main slide bearing box; the main support shaft; first and second secondary slide bearing boxes longitudinally mounted on the main support shaft first and second end portions; first and second secondary support shafts extending laterally through the first and secondary slide bearing boxes, respectively, each of the secondary support shafts having oppositely disposed first and second end portions; and first and second support boxes mounted on each of the first and second secondary support shafts, and to the solar panel assembly. 7. A solar power station comprising: a solar panel assembly having a substantially planar solar panel having longitudinal and lateral axes; and a plurality of towers, each of the towers being individually extendable from a bottom position to an extended position, each of the towers having an upper end and a main bearing structure pivotally mounting the solar panel assembly to the tower upper end, each of the towers comprising a plurality of vertically stacked floors, including a ground floor and at least one upper floor, a top-most of the upper floors defining the tower upper end, each of the floors including an arrangement of robots (R1, R2, R3, R4) and a connecting framework of push and pull steel frames (F1, F2), the robots of each floor being connected to each vertically adjacent floor; wherein selectively moving one or more of the towers rotates the solar panel about one or both of the axes whereby the solar panel is maintained at an optimal orientation for collecting solar power. 8. The solar power station of claim 7 wherein the robots (R1, R2, R3, R4) and steel frames (F1, F2) are organized in groups (HR1, HR2, HR3, VR1, VR2, VR3, VR4), the associated robots and steel frames of each group being connected together. 9. The solar power station of claim 8, wherein the HR1 groups and the VR1 groups are identical, each of the groups including three R3 robots and four R4 robots. 10. The solar power station of claim 8, wherein the HR2 groups include three R1 robots, one R2 robot, one R4 robot and four double deck steel frames F1. 11. The solar power station of claim 8, wherein the VR2 groups include three R1 robots, one R2 robot, one R4 robot, one double deck steel frame F1, and three single deck steel frames F2. 12. The solar power station of claim 8, wherein the HR3 groups include three R1 robots and two R3 robots. 13. The solar power station of claim 8, wherein the VR3 groups include four R1 robots and three R3 robots. 14. The solar power station of claim 8, wherein the VR4 group includes three R1 robots, one R4 robot, and three single deck steel frames F2. 15. The solar power station of claim 7, wherein the R1 robots include hydraulic jacks for moving the towers between the bottom and extended positions. 16. The solar power station of claim 15, wherein the hydraulic jacks of the R1 robots of the ground floor includes springs. 17. The solar power station of claim 7, wherein the ground floor further includes: a base member; an upper plate defining a plurality of openings; a plurality of spring devices disposed between the base member and the upper plate; and a plurality of poles, each of the poles extending vertically, from a foot mounted to the base member, through a one of the upper plate openings; wherein during a strong wind or an earthquake, the upper plate moves vertically upward or downward along the pole whereby the spring devices absorb shock energy generated by lateral forces exerted on the tower by the wind or the earthquake. 18. The solar power station of claim 17 wherein each of the spring devices includes at least one spring disposed around a one of the poles. 19. The solar power station of claim 17 wherein the ground floor further includes an outer, space frame ring defining a framework mounted to the base member and having a plurality of brackets disposed above the upper plate, each of the brackets defining an opening for receiving a one of the poles, whereby the space frame ring constrains horizontal deflection of the poles. 20. The solar power station of claim 17 wherein each upper floor includes an upper plate defining a plurality of openings, a one of the poles extending through each of the openings, the robots of each upper floor being connected to the upper plate of the respective floor and the upper plate of the floor vertically below the respective floor. 21. The solar power station of claim 1 wherein the second support box includes a shock absorber biasing the second support box to a nominal contact distance from the slide bearing box when the main bearing structure is not exposed to an external horizontal force, the shock absorber permitting relative movement between the second support box and the slide bearing box during a high wind or an earthquake, whereby the shock absorber absorbs the external force of the high wind or earthquake. 22. A solar power station comprising: a solar panel assembly having a substantially planar solar panel having longitudinal and lateral axes; and first, second and third towers, the first tower being longitudinally spaced from the second tower and the third tower being laterally spaced from the first and second towers, each of the towers including a plurality of vertically stacked floors, including a ground floor and at least one upper floor, a top-most of the upper floors defining an upper end, a main bearing structure pivotally mounting the solar panel assembly to the tower upper end, an arrangement of robots (R1, R2, R3, R4), the robots of each floor being connected to each vertically adjacent floor, at least some of the robots including hydraulic jacks, and a connecting framework of push and pull steel frames (F1, F2); and a controller for selectively actuating the hydraulic jacks, whereby each of the towers is individually extendable from a bottom position to an extended position; wherein selectively moving one or more of the towers rotates the solar panel about one or both of the axes whereby the solar panel is maintained at an optimal orientation for collecting solar power. 