Electrical monitoring devices may include alarm devices that are designed to assist parents or attendants in identifying a wet diaper condition shortly after the diaper has been soiled. The devices may produce a visual, an audible, or an electronic signal. These electrical monitoring devices have been powered by batteries, specifically small coin cell batteries. The power that is supplied by batteries dissipates over time requiring that the batteries be periodically replaced.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An absorbent article comprising an outer cover material; a liner; an absorbent structure positioned between the outer cover material and the liner; and a monitoring system including a sensor, wherein the monitoring system is powered by a current source that converts ambient energy to electrical energy. 2. The absorbent article of claim 1 wherein the ambient energy is a temperature gradient. 3. The absorbent article of claim 1 wherein the ambient energy is motion. 4. The absorbent article of claim 1 wherein the ambient energy is light. 5. The absorbent article of claim 1 wherein the ambient energy is vibration. 6. The absorbent article of claim 1 wherein the current source is a thermoelectric generator. 7. The absorbent article of claim 1 wherein the current source is a piezo-electric generator. 8. The absorbent article of claim 1 wherein the current source is an electrostrictive polymer. 9. The absorbent article of claim 1 wherein the current source is a solar cell. 10. The absorbent article of claim 1 further comprising an accumulator that accumulates an electric charge from the current source. 11. The absorbent article of claim 10 wherein the accumulator is a battery. 12. The absorbent article of claim 10 wherein the accumulator is a capacitor. 13. The absorbent article of claim 1 further comprising a second current source that provides electrical energy from non-ambient energy. 14. The absorbent article of claim 13 wherein the second current source is a battery. 15. The absorbent article of claim 13 wherein the second current source is an antenna adapted to harvest tuned electromagnetic radio frequencies. 16. The absorbent article of claim 13 wherein the second current source is a pair of electrodes that require the addition of a conductive fluid to form a galvanic couple. 17. An absorbent article comprising an outer cover material; a liner; an absorbent structure positioned between the outer cover material and the liner; a monitoring system including a sensor, wherein the monitoring system is powered by a current source that converts ambient energy to electrical energy and the ambient energy is a temperature gradient, motion, light, or vibration; and an accumulator that accumulates an electric charge from the current source. 18. The absorbent article of claim 17 wherein the current source is a thermoelectric generator. 19. The absorbent article of claim 17 wherein the current source is a piezo-electric generator. 20. The absorbent article of claim 17 wherein the current source is an electrostrictive polymer. 21. The absorbent article of claim 17 wherein the current source is a solar cell. 22. An absorbent article comprising an outer cover material; a liner; an absorbent structure positioned between the outer cover material and the liner; a monitoring system including a sensor, wherein the monitoring system is powered by a current source that converts ambient energy to electrical energy; and an accumulator that accumulates an electric charge from the current source, wherein the accumulator is a battery. 