A power management device, including: a monitor module that directly monitors energy usage of at least one energy load to generate at least one measurement of energy usage by the at least one energy load; and a control module operatively coupled to the monitor module to control energy usage by the at least one energy load in a pre-determined manner that is based on the at least one measurement of energy usage, wherein the control module controls the at least one energy load via a data link.
Claims We claim: 1. A compact power management device for simultaneously monitoring a plurality of individual energy sub-loads and controlling the plurality of sub-loads to control their overall energy consumption, comprising: an integrated combination monitor/controller unit, including: a multi-circuit power monitor module for directly and simultaneously monitoring energy usage of the plurality of individual energy sub-loads to generate a plurality of measurements of energy usage comprising at least one measurement of energy usage by said plurality of energy sub-loads, and a control module integrated with and operatively coupled to the monitor module for simultaneously controlling overall and individual energy usage by the plurality of energy sub-loads in a first pre-determined manner based on the plurality of measurements of energy usage, said control module for controlling overall and individual energy usage of said plurality of energy subloads via a data link, at least one program for using said plurality of measurements of energy usage, said at least one program selected from the group consisting of firmware and software, each said at least one program downloadable via a communications network, each said at least one program locally stored on the device, each said at least one program comprising at least one pre-determined algorithm, and each said at least one program comprising at least one member of the group consisting of at least one schedule, at least one setpoint and at least one report parameter; said first pre-determined manner including said control module selecting and executing said at least one program, a single housing unit for housing the monitor module and the control module within 24 inches of one another, and a local display coupled to the integrated combination monitor/control unit, wherein the communications network is operatively coupled to at least one module of the group consisting of said monitor module and said control module, wherein at least one module of the group consisting of said monitor module and said control module is configured for further performing processing to accomplish at least one of the group consisting of alarm notification, exception reporting, and periodic reporting, wherein said at least one of alarm notification, exception reporting, and periodic reporting are output to at least one of the communication network and the local display; wherein said at least one member of the group consisting of said monitor module and said control module is further configured to indirectly monitor at least one environmental variable and to generate at least one environmental measurement therefor; and wherein said control module is further configured to control said at least one environmental variable in a second pre-determined manner that is based on the at least one environmental measurement. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein said pre-determined manner further comprises multiplexing the plurality of energy sub-loads over a predetermined energy usage limit according to a pre-determined schedule. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein said at least one environmental measurement is at least one of air quality, air pressure, temperature, relative humidity, and airflow. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein the communications network further comprises at least one of an embedded Web server, an e-mail client, and a telnet session. 5. The device of claim 4, wherein the e-mail client further comprises functions for sending at least one of said alarm notification, said exception reporting and said periodic reporting. 6. The device of claim 4, wherein the e-mail client further comprises functions for receiving at least one of said at least one schedule, said at least one setpoint, and said at least one reporting parameter. 7. A power management system, comprising: a plurality of devices according to claim 1; and networking means resident in each of said plurality for communicating among said plurality, wherein said plurality of devices comprise a plurality of network nodes of said networking means and said pre-determined manner further comprises multiplexing the plurality of devices over a second predetermined energy usage limit according to a second pre-determined schedule. 8. The power management system of claim 7, wherein said networking means is a wide area network having a plurality of network nodes. 9. The power management system of claim 7, wherein said networking means is at least one of Token Ring, Bluetooth, and IEEE 802.11. 10. The device of claim 1, wherein the single housing unit is further configured such that the monitor module and the control module are within 12 inches of one another. 11. The device of claim 1, further configured to include a means for interfacing said device to a remote control for remote overall power management of the plurality of energy sub-loads. 12. The device of claim 1, further comprising: an electrical distribution panel having said integrated combination monitor/controller unit wired to a common voltage thereof at an electrical distribution panel; and means for connecting said integrated combination monitor/controller unit to at least one remote sensing unit to accept at least one power variable measurement therefrom as at least one of said plurality of measurements of energy usage. 13. The device of claim 1, wherein the plurality of energy sub-loads includes a plurality of voltage inputs and a plurality of current inputs directly connected to the integrated combination monitor/controller unit. 14. The device of claim 1, wherein said at least one program selected from the group consisting of software and firmware provides at least one embedded control algorithm selected from the group consisting of peak electrical demand control, solar calculation, power calculation from waveform samples, instantaneous power measurement from energy pulses. 15. A compact power management device for simultaneously monitoring a plurality of individual energy sub-loads and controlling the plurality of sub-loads to control their overall energy consumption, comprising: an integrated combination monitor/controller unit, including: a multi-circuit power monitor module for directly and simultaneously monitoring energy usage of the plurality of individual energy sub-loads to generate a plurality of measurements of energy usage comprising at least one measurement of energy usage by said plurality of energy sub-loads, and a control module integrated with and operatively coupled to the monitor module for simultaneously controlling overall and individual energy usage by the plurality of energy sub-loads in a first pre-determined manner based on the plurality of measurements of energy usage, said control module for controlling overall and individual energy usage of said plurality of energy subloads via a data link, at least one program for using said plurality of measurements of energy usage, said at least one program selected from the group consisting of firmware and software, each said at least one program downloadable via a communications network, each said at least one program locally stored on the device, each said at least one program comprising at least one pre-determined algorithm, and each said at least one program comprising at least one member of the group consisting of at least one schedule, at least one setpoint and at least one report parameter; said first pre-determined manner including said control module selecting and executing said at least one program, a single housing unit for housing the monitor module and the control module within 24 inches of one another, and a local display coupled to the integrated combination monitor/control unit, wherein the communications network is operatively coupled to at least one module of the group consisting of said monitor module and said control module, wherein at least one module of the group consisting of said monitor module and said control module is configured for further performing processing to accomplish at least one of the group consisting of alarm notification, exception reporting, and periodic reporting, wherein said at least one of alarm notification, exception reporting, and periodic reporting are output to at least one of the communication network and the local display; wherein said monitor module is further configured to indirectly monitor at least one environmental variable and to generate at least one environmental measurement therefor; and said control module is further configured to receive the environmental measurement and to control said at least one environmental variable in a second pre-determined manner based on the at least one environmental measurement. 16. A device comprising: a multi-circuit power monitor configured to indirectly monitor at least one environmental variable and to generate at least one environmental measurement therefor comprising: a. a first plurality of sensors for directly measuring a plurality of energy sub-loads, b. a monitor module operatively coupled to the first plurality of sensors to directly monitor energy usage of the plurality of energy sub-loads and generate at least one measurement of energy usage by each sub-load of said plurality of energy sub-loads; a control module operatively coupled to the monitor module to control energy usage by the plurality of energy sub-loads according to a first pre-determined manner based on each at least one measurement of energy usage, the control module for controlling said plurality of energy sub-loads via a data link; and the control module configured to control said at least one environmental variable in a second pre-determined manner that is based on the at least one environmental measurement, a persistent store operatively coupled to said control module; at least one first program selected from the group consisting of firmware and software, as the first pre-determined manner; a microprocessor operatively coupled to said control module and said persistent store to perform at least one of member of the group consisting of (1) storage of the at least one measurement of energy usage in the persistent store and (2) execution of the at least one first program, wherein said at least one program is stored in at least one member of the group consisting of the persistent store and the microprocessor, and a second plurality of sensors each operatively coupled via a first external device interface to said monitor module, for sensing the at least one measurement of energy usage of each energy sub-load of the plurality of energy sub-loads. 17. The device of claim 16, further comprising: at least one second program selected from the group consisting of firmware and software, as the second pre-determined manner; and the microprocessor is further configured to perform at least one member of the group consisting of (1) storage of the at least one environmental measurement in the persistent store and (2) execution of the at least one second program, wherein said at least one second program is stored in at least one member of the group consisting of the persistent store and the microprocessor. 18. The device of claim 17, further comprising at least one sensor operatively coupled via a second external device interface to said monitor module, for sensing the at least one environmental variable. 19. A compact power management device for simultaneously monitoring a plurality of individual energy sub-loads and controlling the plurality of sub-loads to control their overall energy consumption, comprising: an integrated combination monitor/controller unit, including: a multi-circuit power monitor module for directly and simultaneously monitoring energy usage of the plurality of individual energy sub-loads to generate a plurality of measurements of energy usage comprising at least one measurement of energy usage by said plurality of energy sub-loads, and a control module integrated with and operatively coupled to the monitor module for simultaneously controlling overall and individual energy usage by the plurality of energy sub-loads in a first pre-determined manner based on the plurality of measurements of energy usage, said control module for controlling overall and individual energy usage of said plurality of energy subloads via a data link, at least one program for using said plurality of measurements of energy usage, said at least one program selected from the group consisting of firmware and software, each said at least one program downloadable via a communications network, each said at least one program locally stored on the device, said first pre-determined manner including said control module selecting and executing said at least one program, and a single housing unit for housing the monitor module and the control module within 24 inches of one another, wherein the device is configured as a single board including said modules that are housed within the single housing unit. 20. A compact power management device for simultaneously monitoring a plurality of individual energy sub-loads and controlling the plurality of sub-loads to control their overall energy consumption, comprising: an integrated combination monitor/controller unit, including: a multi-circuit power monitor module for directly and simultaneously monitoring energy usage of the plurality of individual energy sub-loads to generate a plurality of measurements of energy usage comprising at least one measurement of energy usage by said plurality of energy sub-loads, and a control module integrated with and operatively coupled to the monitor module for simultaneously controlling overall and individual energy usage by the plurality of energy sub-loads in a first pre-determined manner based on the plurality of measurements of energy usage, said control module for controlling overall and individual energy usage of said plurality of energy subloads via a data link, at least one program for using said plurality of measurements of energy usage, said at least one program selected from the group consisting of firmware and software, each said at least one program downloadable via a communications network, each said at least one program locally stored on the device, each said at least one program comprising at least one pre-determined algorithm, and each said at least one program comprising at least one member of the group consisting of at least one schedule at least one setpoint and at least one report parameter; said first pre-determined manner including said control module selecting and executing said at least one program, a single housing unit for housing the monitor module and the control module within 24 inches of one another and a voltage monitoring interface operatively coupled to at least one member of the group consisting of said monitor module and said control module, wherein said voltage monitoring interface provides a three-phase interface to a power line supplying power to each of the individual energy sub-loads of the plurality of energy sub-loads being monitored by the device. 21. The device of claim 20, further comprising a means for providing a differential signal pair comprising two individual signals, said pair being operatively coupled to at least one member of the group consisting of said monitor module and said control module, said differential signal pair being provided for elimination of noise components of each individual signal of the pair by measuring and using a differential amplitude between the two individual signals. 22. The device of claim 21, further comprising a low pass filter operatively coupled to at least one of said monitor module and said control module such that for each of the plurality of energy sub-loads, corresponding supply and return waveform signals are filtered and impedance is buffered by the low pass filter. 23. A compact power management device for simultaneously monitoring a plurality of individual energy sub-loads and controlling the plurality of sub-loads to control their overall energy consumption, comprising: an integrated combination monitor/controller unit, including: a multi-circuit power monitor module for directly and simultaneously monitoring energy usage of the plurality of individual energy sub-loads to generate a plurality of measurements of energy usage comprising at least one measurement of energy usage by said plurality of energy sub-loads, and a control module integrated with and operatively coupled to the monitor module for simultaneously controlling overall and individual energy usage by the plurality of energy sub-loads in a first pre-determined manner based on the plurality of measurements of energy usage, said control module for controlling overall and individual energy usage of said plurality of energy subloads via a data link, at least one program for using said plurality of measurements of energy usage, said at least one program selected from the group consisting of firmware and software, each said at least one program downloadable via a communications network, each said at least one program locally stored on the device, said first pre-determined manner including said control module selecting and executing said at least one program, a single housing unit for housing the monitor module and the control module within 24 inches of one another, and wherein said at least one program selected from the group consisting of software and firmware provides at least one embedded control algorithm selected from the group consisting of peak electrical demand control, solar calculation, power calculation from waveform samples, instantaneous power measurement from energy pulses, wherein said peak electrical demand control algorithm includes at least one algorithm selected from the group consisting of evening light load demand control and roof top unit (RTU) multiplexing demand control. 24. A compact power management device for simultaneously monitoring a plurality of individual energy sub-loads and controlling the plurality of sub-loads to control their overall energy consumption, comprising: an integrated combination monitor/controller unit, including: a multi-circuit power monitor module for directly and simultaneously monitoring energy usage of the plurality of individual energy sub-loads to generate a plurality of measurements of energy usage comprising at least one measurement of energy usage by said plurality of energy sub-loads, and a control module integrated with and operatively coupled to the monitor module for simultaneously controlling overall and individual energy usage by the plurality of energy sub-loads in a first pre-determined manner based on the plurality of measurements of energy usage, said control module for controlling overall and individual energy usage of said plurality of energy subloads via a data link, at least one program for using said plurality of measurements of energy usage, said at least one program selected from the group consisting of firmware and software, each said at least one program downloadable via a communications network, each said at least one program locally stored on the device, said first pre-determined manner including said control module selecting and executing said at least one program, a single housing unit for housing the monitor module and the control module within 24 inches of one another, and wherein said at least one program selected from the group consisting of software and firmware provides at least one embedded control algorithm for generating e-mail reports. 25. The device of claim 24, wherein said at least one software and firmware comprises at least one pre-determined algorithm. 26. The device of claim 24, wherein the communications network is operatively coupled to at least one member of the group consisting of said monitor module and said control module. 27. The device of claim 26, wherein said at least one schedule, at least one setpoint and at least one report parameter are downloaded to the device via said communications network. 28. The device of claim 27, further comprising a persistent storage operatively coupled to at least one of said monitor module and said control module for storage of said at least one downloaded firmware, downloaded software, downloaded schedule, downloaded setpoint and downloaded report parameter. 29. The device of claim 28, wherein said persistent storage is at least one of an SRAM and a flash memory. 30. The device of claim 26, wherein at least one member of the group consisting of said monitor module and said control module further performs processing to accomplish at least one member of the group consisting of alarm notification, exception reporting, and periodic reporting. 31. The device of claim 30, further comprising a local display. 32. The device of claim 30, further comprising a local display, wherein said at least one alarm notification, exception reporting, and periodic reporting are output to at least one of the communication network and the local display. 33. The device of claim 30, wherein: at least one member of the group consisting of said monitor module and said control module is further configured to indirectly monitor at least one equipment status to respectively generate at least one status measurement therefor; and said control module is further configured to control said at least one equipment in a third pre-determined manner that is based on the generated at least one status measurement. 34. The device of claim 30, wherein: said monitor module is further configured to indirectly monitor said at least one equipment status to respectively generate at least one status measurement therefor; and said control module is further configured to receive the generated at least one status measurement and to control said at least one equipment in a third pre-determined manner that is based on the generated at least one status measurement. 35. The device of claim 33, further comprising an electrical power measurement interface. 36. The device of claim 35, wherein the electrical power measurement interface interfaces to a power distribution panel. 37. The device of claim 36, where at least one of said plurality of sub-loads is a single phase electric load. 38. The device of claim 37, wherein said pre-determined manner is multiplexing the plurality of energy sub-loads over a first predetermined energy usage limit according to a first pre-determined schedule. 39. The device of claim 38, wherein said plurality of energy sub-loads comprises at least one single phase load and at least one polyphase load. 40. The device of claim 24 comprising a. a plurality of sensors for directly measuring a plurality of energy sub-loads, and b. the monitor module operatively coupled to the plurality of sensors to directly monitor energy usage of the plurality of energy sub-loads and generate at least one measurement of energy usage by each sub-load of said plurality of energy sub-loads. 41. The device of claim 40, further comprising: a persistent store operatively coupled to said control module; a microprocessor operatively coupled to said control module and said persistent store to perform at least one of member of the group consisting of (1) storage of the at least one measurement of energy usage in the persistent store and (2) execution of the at least one program, wherein said at least one program is stored in at least one member of the group consisting of the persistent store and the microprocessor. 42. The device of claim 41, further comprising a plurality of sensors each operatively coupled via a first external device interface to said monitor module, for sensing the at least one measurement of energy usage of each energy sub-load of the plurality of energy sub-loads. 43. The device of claim 24, wherein said at least one downloadable software/firmware further comprises at least one member of the group consisting of at least one schedule, at least one setpoint and at least one report parameter. 44. A compact power management device for simultaneously monitoring a plurality of individual energy sub-loads and controlling the plurality of sub-loads to control their overall energy consumption, comprising: an integrated combination monitor/controller unit, including: a multi-circuit power monitor module for directly and simultaneously monitoring energy usage of the plurality of individual energy sub-loads to generate a plurality of measurements of energy usage comprising at least one measurement of energy usage by said plurality of energy sub-loads, and a control module integrated with and operatively coupled to the monitor module for simultaneously controlling overall and individual energy usage by the plurality of energy sub-loads in a first pre-determined manner based on the plurality of measurements of energy usage, said control module for controlling overall and individual energy usage of said plurality of energy subloads via a data link, at least one program for using said plurality of measurements of energy usage, said at least one program selected from the group consisting of firmware and software, each said at least one program downloadable via a communications network, each said at least one program locally stored on the device, said first pre-determined manner including said control module selecting and executing said at least one program, a single housing unit for housing the monitor module and the control module within 24 inches of one another, and wherein the communications network further comprises an e-mail client, wherein the e-mail client further comprises functions for sending at least one of alarm notification, exception reporting and periodic reporting. 45. A compact power management device for simultaneously monitoring a plurality of individual energy sub-loads and controlling the plurality of sub-loads to control their overall energy consumption, comprising: an integrated combination monitor/controller unit, including: a multi-circuit power monitor module for directly and simultaneously monitoring energy usage of the plurality of individual energy sub-loads to generate a plurality of measurements of energy usage comprising at least one measurement of energy usage by said plurality of energy sub-loads, and a control module integrated with and operatively coupled to the monitor module for simultaneously controlling overall and individual energy usage by the plurality of energy sub-loads in a first pre-determined manner based on the plurality of measurements of energy usage, said control module for controlling overall and individual energy usage of said plurality of energy subloads via a data link, at least one program for using said plurality of measurements of energy usage, said at least one program selected from the group consisting of firmware and software, each said at least one program downloadable via a communications network, each said at least one program locally stored on the device, said first pre-determined manner including said control module selecting and executing said at least one program, a single housing unit for housing the monitor module and the control module within 24 inches of one another, and wherein the communications network further comprises an e-mail client, wherein the e-mail client further comprises functions for receiving at least one of at least one schedule, at least one setpoint, and at least one reporting parameter. 