A surveillance system is provided including a platform having a plurality and variety of cameras or sensors mounted thereto, and a base enclosure adapted to accommodate a power supply, a variety of electronics and other equipment for controlling and providing power to the surveillance equipment. The base is constructed to be tamper resistant and immovable by manual means. A substantially hollow support pole includes a lower portion detachably mounted to the base, and an upper portion mounted to the platform. Wires and cables for connecting the surveillance equipment with the electronics and power supply are run through the support pole. Power to the system may be supplied through existing power sources, for example a 120V power source. A current breaker secured in an environmentally protected housing on the exterior of the surveillance system connected to the power supply and the electronics and surveillance equipment.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A surveillance system comprising: a surveillance assembly, including a platform and surveillance equipment mounted to the platform for providing observations of an area in a vicinity of the surveillance system; a base, including a hollow enclosure sized and adapted to contain electronics equipment for controlling the surveillance equipment and a power supply for powering the electronics equipment and the surveillance equipment; a substantially hollow support pole having an upper portion mounted to the surveillance assembly and a lower portion mounted to the base; means, disposed through the support pole, for functionally connecting the surveillance equipment to the electronics equipment contained in the base; and a current breaker disposed inside the base enclosure adapted to provide electrical power from a power supply to the surveillance equipment and the electronics equipment; wherein the surveillance assembly further includes a power distribution box mounted on the support pole near the platform adapted to receive a power supply line from an external power supply to supply electrical power to the current breaker for distribution of electrical power to a distribution box for distribution of the electrical power to the electronics equipment and surveillance equipment. 2. The system according to claim 1 wherein the surveillance equipment comprises a plurality of cameras, the base comprises a concrete structure having a weight sufficient to prevent the base from being manually displaced, and the means for connecting the electronics equipment with the surveillance equipment includes wiring disposed at least partially through the substantially hollow support pole. 3. The transportable unmanned surveillance system comprising: a base configured to maintain the transportable unmanned surveillance system in an upright freestanding position and to substantially prevent movenemt of the base by hand; a camera position above the base at a height sufficient to put the camera substantially out of reach of a person who may want to tamper with the camera, the camera configured to obtain video data of objects in the vicinity of the surveillance system; a support structure coupled to the base and extending upwardly, wherein the camera is coupled to the support structure; a recorded in wireless communication with the camere, such that the recorder is configured to record wiresess transmissions of the video data obtained from the camera with out human intervention during ongoing surveillance; and a sedure enclosure configured to protect the recorder from unauthorized access, wherein the recorder is positioned within the secure enclosure, wherein the secure enclosure is coupled to the support structure and positioned above the base. 4. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 3, further comprising electronics equipment for communicating with a network of surveillance system. 5. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 3, further comprising electronics equipment for communicating with remote users of the surveillance system. 6. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 3, further comprising electronics equipment for communicating via the Internet. 7. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 3, where in the surveillance system is configured to be powered by an electrical connection to a power pole. 8. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 3, wherein the height sufficient to put the camera substantially out of reach of a person who may want to tamper with the camera is about 12 feet high. 9. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 3, wherein the surveillance system weighs more than about 1000 pounds and has an average density of at least about 20 pounds per cubic foot. 10. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 3, further comprising at least one of a microphone, a motion sensor, a light, and a speaker. 11. The transportable unmanned surveillance system comprising: a base configured to maintain the transportable unmanned surveillance system in an upright freestanding position and to substantially prevent movenemt of the base by hand, wherein the base configured with an axle and wheels to facilitate transportation of the surveillance system; a camera position above the base at a height sufficient to put the camera substantially out of reach of a person who may want to tamper with the camera, the camera configured to obtain video data of objects in the vicinity of the surveillance system; a support structure coupled to the base and extending upwardly, wherein the camera is coupled to the support structure; a recorder in communication with the camera, the recorder configured to record the video data obtained by the camera without human intervention during ongoing surveillance; a secure enclosure configured to protect the recorder from unauthorized acccess, wherein the recorder is position within the secure enclosure, wherein the secure enclosure is coupled to the support and positioned above the base. 12. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 11, wherein the recorder is in wireless communication with the camere, such that the recorder is configured to record wiresess transmissions of the video data obtained from the camera with out human intervention during ongoing surveillance. 13. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 11, further comprising electronics equipment for communicating with a network of surveillance systems. 14. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 11, further comprising electronics equipment for communicating with remote users of the surveillance system. 15. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 11, further comprising electronics equipment for communicating via the Internet. 16. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 11, where in the surveillance system is configured to be powered by an electrical connection to a power pole. 17. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 11, wherein the height sufficient to put the camera substantially out of reach of a person who may want to tamper with the camera is about 12 feet high. 18. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 11, wherein the surveillance system weighs more than about 1000 pounds and has an average density of at least about 20 pounds per cubic foot. 19. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 11, further comprising at least one of a microphone, a motion sensor, a light, and a speaker. 20. A transportable unmanned surveillance system adapted to obtain video data of objects in the vicinity of the surveillance system and process the video data obtained during ongoing surveillance, the surveillance system comprising: a trailer sized and adapted to support the transportable unmanned surveillance system and configured for enabling the transportable unmanned surveillance system to be towed by a motor vehicle, the trailer comprising a trailer frame, an axle coupled to the trailer frame, the axle configured to be coupled to a plurality of wheels, and a hitch coupled to the trailer frame; a base coupled to the trailer, the trailer and base configured to support the transportable unmanned surveillance system on a ground surface and to substantially prevent unauthorized movement of the surveillance system; a camera positioned above the base at a height sufficient to put the camera substantially out of reach of an unassisted person standing on the ground surface, the camera configured to obtain video data of objects in the vicinity of the surveillance system; a support structure coupled to the base and extending upwardly, wherein the camera is coupled to the support structure; and electronics equipment comprising a control module, a data storage device, and a communications system to communicate with an external control station at a remote location, wherein, the camera, the control module, the data storage device, the communications system and the external control station are communicatively coupled to enable communication between at least two of the camera, the control module, the data storage device, the communications system and the external control station, the control module controls one or more data input and data output devices of the surveillance system, the one or more data input and data output devices comprising the camera, the camera transmits data in a secure manner to the data storage device for storage such that the transmission of data from the camera to the data storage device is substantially protected from unauthorized access and disruption by an unassisted person standing on the ground surface, and the communications system receives data from and transmits data to the external control station. 21. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein the trailer comprises a jack configured to provide support for the surveillance system and to stabilize the surveillance system during use. 22. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein the trailer comprises a plurality of wheels coupled to the axle. 23. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein the camera is positioned at least about 12 feet high. 24. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein the camera is positioned at least about 20 feet high. 25. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein the support structure has an adjustable height. 26. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein the support structure comprises a plurality of segments. 27. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein the support structure comprises telescoping segments. 28. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein the control module is configured to monitor and modify the function of the camera. 29. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein the control module is configured to monitor and modify the function of the one or more data input and data output devices comprising at least one of a camera, a microphone, a sound detector, a tampering detector, a motion sensor, an alarm system, a light, a speaker, a timer, an amplifier, a digital recorder, a video recorder, a computer, a communications transmitter, a communications receiver, an antenna, and a power supply. 30. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 29, wherein the control module is configured to execute control signals from the external control station to control the function of the one or more data input and data output devices. 31. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein the data storage device comprises a recorder located in a secure enclosure of the surveillance system. 32. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein the data storage device comprises a recorder located in the base of the surveillance system. 33. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein the data storage device comprises a recorder located at the external control station. 34. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein the data storage device comprises a recorder located at a remote location. 35. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein the communications system comprises at least one of a communications controller, a transmitter, a receiver, a transceiver, and an antenna. 36. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein the communications system communicates with the external control station at least partially via a wired medium. 37. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein the communications system communicates with the external control station at least partially via wireless transmissions. 38. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein at least two of the camera, the control module, the data storage device, the communications system and the external control station are communicatively coupled via a cable at least a portion of which is positioned within a hollow portion of the support structure. 39. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein at least two of the camera, the control module, the data storage device, the communications system and the external control station are communicatively coupled via a cable at least a portion of which is positioned substantially out of reach of an unassisted person standing on the ground surface. 40. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein at least two of the camera, the control module, the data storage device, the communications system and the external control station are communicatively coupled via a cable at least a portion of which is supported on a utility pole. 41. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, wherein at least two of the camera, the control module, the data storage device, the communications system and the external control station are communicatively coupled via at least one of a wireless transmission, a satellite connection, a cell phone transmission, a telecommunications line, a computer network, a radio frequency transmission, and a microwave transmission. 42. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, further comprising a power distribution system configured to transmit power to at least one of the camera, the control module, the data storage device, the communications system and the external control station, wherein the power distribution system is configured to substantially protect the transmission of power from unauthorized disruption by an unassisted person standing on the ground surface. 43. The transportable unmanned surveillance system of claim 20, further comprising a power distribution system comprising at least one of a power supply line, a connection to a utility power supply, a generator, a battery, a solar collector, a distribution box, an uninterruptable power supply, a circuit breaker, and a fuse. 