Microscopic batteries, integratable or integrated with and integrated circuit, including a MEMS microcircuit, and methods of microfabrication of such microscopic batteries are disclosed.
Claims What is claimed and desired to be secured by Letters Patent is: 1. In combination, at least one microelectromechanical system and a source of electrical energy internal within the microelectromechanical system comprising a microfabricated microscopic battery having a size congruent with the microelectromechanical system. 2. In combination, at least one microelectromechanical system, at lease one microfabricated microcircuit and a microfabricated microscopic battery integrated with the mocroelectromechanical system and having a size congruent with the system and the microcircuit, the battery being a low power loss internal source of electrical energy. 3. In combination, a microfabricated microscopic circuit, at least one microelectromechanical system and an aqueous microfabricated microscopic battery integrated with the microfabricated microscopic circuit and the microelectromechanical system having a size congruent with the microelectromechanical system, the battery being an internal low power loss source of electrical energy. 4. A combination according to claim 3 wherein the microelectromechanical system is selected from the group consisting of: (a) a device requiring pulses of electrical power, (b) a remote sensor; (c) an autonomous microscopic device; and (d) a relay. 5. A combination according to claim 3 wherein the microelectromechanical system device is selected from the group consisting of: (a) an array of remote sensors; (b) a pump; (c) an accelerometer; and (d) a portable microelectromechanical system. 6. A combination according to claim 3 wherein the microelectromechanical system is selected from the group consisting of: (a) an embedded sensor; (b) a smart sensor; (c) a flexible sensing surface; and (d) an integrated fluidic system. 7. A combination according to claim 3 wherein the microelectromechanical system is selected from the group consisting of: (a) a safing and arming device; (b) a friend or foe identification device; (c) a system integrity monitor; and (d) a communication monitor system, including but not limited to a satellite monitor. 8. A combination according to claim 3 wherein the microelectromechanical system is selected from the group consisting of: (a) a low power display; and (b) a microopto mechanical monitor system. 9. A method comprising the steps of: microfabricating a microscopic battery size congruent with a microelectromechanical system by interconnecting a plurality of microfabricated microscopic battery cells; directly integrating the microfabricated battery into a microfabricated microelectronic circuit and/or a microfabricated microelectromechanical system as an internal source of electrical power. 10. A method according to claim 9 wherein the microfabricated cells are interconnected so that at least two distinct voltage outputs are available and are integrated into the circuit and/or device. 11. A method according to claim 9 wherein the microfabricating step produces a rechargeable microfabricated battery. 12. A method according to claim 10 wherein the microfabricating step comprises depositing of spaced microfabricated electrode layers and microetching sacrificial material from the layers using microlithographic patterning technology. 13. A method according to claim 12 wherein the microetching step creates space for electrolyte. 14. A method according to claim 9 wherein components comprising the microfabricated battery are mounted on a rigid substrate. 15. A method according to claim 9 wherein components comprising the microfabricated battery are mounted on a yieldable material. 16. A method of making a microfabricated battery comprising the steps of: forming several microfabricated battery cells by depositing spaced microfabricated electrode layers on non-conducting material of each cell; removing undesired sacrificial portions of at least one microfabricated film electrode layer of each cell; interposing electrolyte between the microfabricated electrode layers of each cell; electrically connecting the cells in a desired arrangement. 17. A method of making a micro fabricated battery according to claim 16 wherein the electrically connecting step provides sets of output terminals having different voltage levels. 18. A method of making a microfabricated battery according to claim 17 wherein the electrically connecting step provides different output terminals providing different voltage levels for powering digital and radio requency devices. 19. A method of making a microfabricated battery according to claim 16 further comprising the step of encapsulating each cell. 20. A method of making a microfabricated battery according to claim 16 wherein the forming step comprises several microfabrication deposition steps and involves film deposition. 21. A method of making a microfabricated battery according to claim 16 wherein the removing step is by selective microetching. 22. A method of making a microfabricated battery according to claim 21 wherein the microetching removes an undesired sacrificial part of the non-conducting material to form a microscopic storage cavity for the electrolyte. 23. A method of making a microfabricated battery according to claim 16 wherein the interposing step comprises introducing electrolyte through a microscopic hole in one of the microfabricated electrode layers. 24. A method of making a microfabricated battery according to claim 16 wherein the interposing step comprises injection of a microscopic amount of the electrolyte from a medical needle. 25. A microfabricated battery comprising a microfabricated rod-shaped electrode surrounded by a microscopic amount of electrolyte which is enclosed by a microfabricated electrode which surrounds the electrolyte. 26. A multi-cell rechargeable microfabricated battery which is energy efficient and characterized by low power losses for integration into microelectromechanical systems and other similarly sized microcircuitry, the microfabricated battery comprising a plurality of interconnected microfabricated battery cells, each cell comprising a microfabricated cathode, a microfabricated anode and a microscopic quantity of electrolyte enclosed within a casing. 27. A multi-cell microfabricated battery according to claim 26 wherein at least some of the microfabricated cells are connected in parallel. 28. A multi-cell rechargeable microfabricated battery according to claim 26 wherein at least some of the microfabricated cells are connected in series. 29. A multi-cell rechargeable microfabricated battery according to claim 26 wherein at least some of the microfabricated cells are interconnected to comprise at least two sources of electrical energy each at a different voltage. 30. A multi-cell rechargeable microfabricated battery according to claim 26 wherein at least some of the microfabricated cells are interconnected to provide power sources for both analog and digital purposes. 31. A microfabricated conformal microscopic battery comprising a flexible layer for contiguous mounting on a non-flat surface and at least one microfabricated cell mounted on one side of the flexible layer and comprised of two microfabricated electrodes and a microscopic amount of electrolyte encased within an enclosure. 32. A microfabricated conformal microscopic battery according to claim 31 further comprising microsensor circuitry mounted to the one side of the flexible layer directly integrated with the microfabricated battery and solar cells for recharging the microfabricated battery carried at the one side of the flexible layer. 33. A microfabricated conformal microscopic battery according to claim 31 wherein the flexible layer comprises a polymeric membrane. 34. A microfabricated conformal microscopic battery according to claim 31 wherein the flexible layer comprises a smart sensing surface. 35. In combination, at least one microelectromechanical system and a rechargeable microfabricated battery comprising an integrated internal source of electrical energy for the microelectromechanical system. 36. In combination, a microelectromechanical system, a microfabricated circuit and a rechargeable microfabricated battery comprising a fully integrated internal source of electrical energy to the microelectromechanical system and the microfabricated circuit with low power losses associated therewith. 37. In combination, a microfabricated circuit and/or a microelectromechanical system and a microfabricated battery fully integrated with the microfabricated circuit and/or microelectromechanical system to internally supply electrical energy to the microfabricated circuit and/or microelectromechanical system. 38. A microelectromechanical system and a microfabricated battery fully and simultaneously integrated into the microelectromechanical system as an internal source of electrical energy, the microelectromechanical system and the microfabricated battery being formed in common using microfabricated deposition, sacrificial layer removal and etching techniques. 