A light control apparatus includes a part for splitting an input light entering the light control apparatus through an optical fiber, a photoelectric conversion part for converting a monitor light into an electrical signal, and a third part for controlling the opening and closing of an optical transmission path for a signal light based on the electrical signal. The light power of an output light is controlled by the opening and closing amount of the optical transmission path which is controlled depending on the amount of the electrical signal output in accordance with the level of the monitor light. A semiconductor photovoltaic device capable of performing photoelectric conversion without using an external power source is used as the photoelectric conversion part. An optical shutter using a micromachine, or an optical device such as absorption-type modulator or refractive index-type modulator is used as the third part.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A light control apparatus comprising: a splitting device for splitting an input signal light to obtain a monitor light which is a part of the input light; a photoelectric conversion device for converting the obtained monitor light into an electric signal; and an opening and closing device that closes the optical transmission path by receiving the electric signal as a drive voltage so that the output light is cut off when the input light exceeds a threshold, wherein said photoelectric conversion device is one or more semiconductor photovoltaic device. 2. The light control apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said one or more semiconductor photovoltaic device has a nipi-type multijunction structure. 3. The light control apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said opening and closing device is an optical shutter using a micromachine. 4. The light control apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said opening and closing device is an optical device comprising one of an absorption-type modulator and a refractive index-type modulator. 5. The light control apparatus according to claim 1, wherein a voltage source is inserted between said photoelectric conversion device and said opening and closing device. 6. The light control apparatus according to claim 1, wherein at least two of said splitting device, said photoelectric conversion device, and said opening and closing device are disposed on a single planar optical circuit. 7. The light control apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said opening and closing device comprises a device for holding an opened and closed state controlled based on the electrical signal and a device for indicating the held opened and closed state. 8. A light control apparatus comprising: a transmission and photoelectric conversion device for transmitting an input signal light and converting a part of the input signal light into an electric signal; and an opening and closing degree control device for changing the opening and closing degree of an optical transmission path for transmitting the input signal light by receiving the electric signal as a drive voltage, wherein said transmission and photoelectric conversion device is a semiconductor photovoltaic device having a stack-type structure. 9. The light control apparatus according to claim 8, wherein said semiconductor photovoltaic device has a nipi-type multijunction structure. 10. The light control apparatus according to claim 8, wherein said opening and closing degree control device is an optical shutter using a micromachine. 11. The light control apparatus according to claim 8, wherein said opening and closing degree control device is an optical device such as an absorption-type modulator or refractive index-type modulator. 12. The light control apparatus according to claim 8, wherein a voltage source is inserted between said transmission and photoelectric conversion device and said opening and closing degree control device. 13. The light control apparatus according to claim 8, wherein said transmission and photoelectric conversion device and opening and closing degree control device are disposed on a single planar optical circuit. 14. The light control apparatus according to claim 8, wherein said opening and closing degree control device comprises a device for holding an opened and closed state controlled based on the electrical signal and a device for indicating the held opened and closed state. 15. The light control apparatus according to claim 8, wherein said semiconductor photovoltaic device has a waveguide structure. 16. A light control apparatus comprising: a transmission and photoelectric conversion device for transmitting an input signal light and converting a part of the input signal light into an electric signal; and a cutoff device for cutting off an optical transmission path for transmitting the input signal light by receiving the electric signal as a drive voltage, wherein said transmission and photoelectric conversion device is a semiconductor photovoltaic device having a stack-type structure. 