The present invention relates to a solar powered battery charger with voltage regulation circuit and the method for recharging a car battery. The charger comprises an input port for receiving electrical power from a solar panel; an output port for providing electrical power to a battery; and a power regulation circuit electrically coupled to the input power. The power regulation circuit is electrically coupled to the output port and for monitoring a voltage thereon, having a first state in which electrical power is provided to the output port and a second state in which electrical power is not provided to the output port. The power regulation circuit remains in a first state when the voltage at the output port is below a threshold voltage and for other than remaining in the first state when the voltage at the output port is above the threshold voltage.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered battery charger comprising: an input port for receiving electrical power from a solar panel; an output port for providing electrical power to a battery; and a power regulation circuit, electrically coupled to the input port and the output port, for regulating electrical power therebetween, the power regulation circuit comprises: a power transistor for operably connecting or disconnecting the input port and the output port, a collector base resistor connecting the input port to the base of the power transistor for receiving a portion of the input current for operating the power transistor; a protection diode connected in series with the power transistor for allowing said input current to flow from the input port to the output port; a resume charge switch; voltage divider resistors for dividing the output port voltage, having a first ratio for raising the divided output port voltage and a second ratio for lowering the divided output port voltage, selected by said resume charge switch: a comparator for continuously comparing said divided output port voltage with a threshold voltage; when said divided output port voltage is lower than the threshold voltage, the comparator causes the portion of the input current to flow through the collector base resistor for allowing the portion of the input current to bias the power transistor to connect the input port and the output port via the protection diode while the protection diode prevents discharging from the battery, and further causing the resume charge switch transistor to select said first ratio, and when said divided output port voltage is higher than the threshold voltage, the comparator prevents the portion of the input current to flow through the collector base resistor, causing the power transistor to disconnect the input port and output port for preventing overcharging of the battery, and further causes the resume charge switch to select said second ratio for thus creating a hysteresis window for said comparing. 2. A solar powered battery charger according to claim 1, wherein the solar panel comprising a photovoltaic cell electrically coupled to the input port and a frame for structurally supporting the photovoltaic battery. 3. A solar powered battery charger according to claim 2 further comprising: an adapter for electrically coupling to a cigarette lighter interface of a car, the adapter electrically coupled to the output port. 4. A solar powered battery charger according to claim 3 further comprising at least a mechanical shock absorbing component disposed proximate the solar panel and for reducing the intensity of mechanical shocks thereto. 5. A solar powered battery charger according to claim 4 wherein the mechanical shock absorbing component comprises suction cups. 6. A solar powered battery charger according to claim 4 wherein the mechanical shock absorbing component comprises rubber bumpers. 7. A solar powered battery charger according to claim 1 wherein the threshold voltage is compared continuously with an output of a predetermined function. 8. A solar powered battery charger according to claim 7 further comprising a temperature monitoring circuit for providing temperature data, wherein the temperature monitoring circuit is in communication with a predetermined function and wherein the output of predetermined function in dependence upon the temperature data and the voltage. 9. A method of recharging a car battery comprising the steps of: receiving electrical power from a photovoltaic cell; comparing continuously a voltage from the car battery with a threshold voltage using a power regulation circuit, the voltage indicative of a level of charge of the car battery and is divided by a first ratio for raising the voltage or a second ratio for lowering the voltage; and when the voltage is below the threshold voltage, causing the first ratio to be selected for raising the voltage, providing the received electrical power through the power regulation circuit to the car battery while preventing discharge from the car battery, when the voltage is above the threshold voltage, causing the second ratio to be selected for lowering the voltage for creating a hysteresis window, and preventing the received electrical power to the car battery. 10. A method of recharging a car battery according to claim 9, wherein the monitoring voltage further comprising output of a predetermined function, wherein the predetermined function is in communication with a temperature monitoring circuit for providing a temperature data. 11. A solar panel comprising: a photovoltaic cell; a frame mechanically coupled to the photovoltaic cell; a shock absorbing member having a first portion fixedly coupled to one of the frame and the photovoltaic cell, and a second other portion for mechanically coupling to a vehicle, the shock absorbing member for reducing the intensity of mechanical shocks imparted to the photovoltaic cell; and a power regulation circuit electrically coupled to the photovoltaic cell for regulating electrical power therefrom, comprising a power transistor for operably connecting or disconnecting the input port and the output port, a collector base resistor connecting the input port to the base of the power transistor for receiving a portion of the input current for operating the power transistor; a protection diode connected in series with the power transistor for allowing said input current to flow from the input port to the output port; a resume charge switch; voltage divider resistors for dividing the output port voltage, having a first ratio for raising the divided output port voltage and a second ratio for lowering the divided output port voltage, selected by said resume charge switch; a comparator for comparing said divided output port voltage with a threshold voltage: when said divided output port voltage is lower than the threshold voltage, the comparator causes the portion of the input current to flow through the collector base resistor for allowing the portion of the input current to bias the power transistor to connect the input port and the output port via the protection diode while the protection diode prevents discharging from the battery, and further causing the resume charge switch transistor to select said first ratio, and when said divided output port voltage is higher than the threshold voltage, the comparator prevents the portion of the input current to flow through the collector base resistor, causing the power transistor to disconnect the input port and output port for preventing overcharging of the battery, and further causes the resume charge switch to select said second ratio for thus creating a hysteresis window for said comparing. 12. A solar panel according to claim 11 wherein the shock absorbing member is a suction cup. 13. A solar panel according to claim 11 wherein the shock absorbing member is a bumper. 14. A solar panel according to claim 11 wherein the threshold voltage is compared with an output of a predetermined function. 15. A solar panel according to claim 14 further comprising a temperature monitoring circuit for providing temperature data, the temperature monitoring circuit in communication with the predetermined function and an output of the predetermined function varies in response to the temperature data. 