Highly efficient ventilation fans for exhausting air out from underneath roofs, and/or for being portable in use and application. The fan can include optimized airflow blades having a twisted configuration that can move at a rotational speed operation of up to approximately 500 rpm. The approximately 15 inch diameter twisted blades can be premolded on a hub that together form a single molded unit of plastic. They can also be fabricated using metal. The unit can be mounted in an exhaust outlet having a conical diffuser on or adjacent to a roof. Alternatively, the fan can be portable for use most anywhere there is a need for ventilation and moving of air. The blades can rotate by a solar powered motor, where the blades and motor can generate up to approximately 1040 cfm while using no more than approximately 16 Watts.
Claims We claim: 1. A high efficiency ventilation fan for use with a roof, comprising: a motor; and a hub with only three twisted blades equally spaced apart from one another extending outward therefrom, the hub and the three twisted blades being formed from a single molded unit, with the hub attached to the motor, each of the three twisted blades having a continuous positive twist between a root end and a tip end; a mount adjacent to a roof for allowing the ventilation fan to exhaust air from beneath the roof; and a solar powered source for supplying power to the motor; and an output from the ventilation fan having an airflow of approximately 1043 cfm while the blades are operating at up to approximately 500 rpm, and the motor drawing power at 22 Watts, with a motor efficiency of approximately 47.4 CFM/Watt. 2. The ventilation fan of claim 1, further comprising: a diameter across tip ends of the blades of approximately 15 inches. 3. The ventilation fan of claim 2, wherein each of the twisted blades has a length of approximately 5 inches long between the root end and the tip end. 4. The ventilation fan of claim 1, wherein the mount includes: a housing having a cylindrical portion for mounting the blades and motor therein, the housing having a first end for attachment to a space underneath the roof and having a second exhaust end; and a conical diffuser portion extending above the cylindrical portion of the housing adjacent to the exhaust end of the housing. 5. The ventilation fan of claim 1, wherein each of the twisted blades includes: a lower concave curved surface between the root end and the tip end; and an upper convex curved surface between the root end and the tip end. 6. The ventilation fan of claim 5, wherein each of the twisted blades includes: a leading edge section between the root end and the tip end being continuously thicker than a trailing edge section that is between the root end and the tip end. 7. The ventilation fan of claim 6, wherein each of the twisted blades has a greater degree of positive twist at the root end than at the tip end. 8. A method of operating a ventilation fan, comprising the steps of: providing three twisted blades extending from a hub as a single molded unit, each of the twisted blades having a positive continuous twist from each root end to each tip end; attaching the hub to a motor; mounting the motor with attached hub and twisted blades adjacent to a roof for exhausting air from underneath the roof; powering the motor by a solar power source; rotating the twisted blades up to approximately 500 rpm relative to the motor; generating an airflow of approximately 1043 cfm (cubic feet per minute) from the rotating blades while drawing power of 22 Watts; and running the fan with the twisted blades and the motor at an efficiency of approximately 47.4 CFM per watt. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising the steps of: exhausting air from the fan through a conical diffuser outside of the roof. 10. The method of claim 8, wherein the step of providing the twisted blades includes the step of: providing only three twisted blades each spaced equidistant from one another and extending outward from the hub. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the step of providing the twisted blades further includes the step of: providing each of the twisted blades with a lower concave curved surface between the root end and the tip end; and providing each of the twisted blades with an upper convex curved surface between the root end and the tip end. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the step of providing the twisted blades includes the step of: providing each of the twisted blades with a leading edge section between the root end and the tip end being continuously thicker than a trailing edge section that is between the root end and the tip end. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the step of providing the twisted blades includes the step of: providing each of the twisted blades with a greater degree of positive twist at the root end than at the tip end. 14. A solar powered roof mounted ventilation fan comprising: an electric motor being run by solar power; a hub with solely three twisted blades equally spaced apart from one another extending outward from the hub, the hub and the three twisted blades being formed from a single molded unit, with the hub attached to the motor, each of the three twisted blades having a continuous positive twist between a root end and a tip end; and a housing mounted to a roof for allowing the fan to exhaust air from under the roof, the housing having a cylindrical portion for mounting the hub with blades and motor therein, the housing having a conical diffuser portion above the cylindrical portion, wherein the motor with the rotating blades in the housing generates an airflow output of approximately 1043 cfm while the blades are operating at up to approximately 500 rpm, while the motor is drawing power of 22 Watts, with a motor efficiency of approximately 47.4 CFM/Watt. 15. The ventilation fan of claim 14, wherein each of the twisted blades includes: a lower concave curved surface between the root end and the tip end; and an upper convex curved surface between the root end and the tip end. 16. The ventilation fan of claim 15, wherein each of the twisted blades includes: a leading edge section between the root end and the tip end being continuously thicker than a trailing edge section that is between the root end and the tip end. 17. The ventilation fan of claim 16, wherein each of the twisted blades has a greater degree of positive twist at the root end than at the tip end. 18. The ventilation fan of claim 14, wherein each of the twisted blades has an overall diameter between tips of approximately 15 inches. 19. The ventilation fan of claim 18, wherein each of the twisted blades has a length of approximately 5 inches long between the root end and the tip end. 