The invention relates to a regenerative energy system comprising a first energy producer and a second energy producer. The object of the invention is to improve the environmental compatibility of electrical island networks. There is disclosed a regenerative energy system comprising a first energy producer whose energy production is dependent on the weather and/or the position of the sun, wherein the first energy producer has a generator, by means of which electrical energy is produced, which is fed into an electrical network to which a plurality of consumers are connected, and a second energy producer which has a generator and an internal combustion engine connected thereto, wherein the second energy producer has a tank with fuel which when required can be fed to the internal combustion engine, wherein an installation is adapted to produce the fuel from renewable raw materials and the fuel production installation takes electrical energy for operation thereof from the first energy producer in particular when the first energy producer can produce more electrical energy than the consumers connected to the network consume and/or there is an energy demand from the network to the first energy producer system, which allows the feed of energy to a second energy producer.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A regenerative energy system comprising: a first energy producer whose energy production is dependent on weather and/or a position of a sun, wherein the first energy producer has a generator configured to produce electrical energy, which is fed into an electrical network to which a plurality of consumers are connected, a second energy producer which has a generator and an internal combustion engine connected thereto, wherein the second energy producer has a tank with fuel which when required is fed to the internal combustion engine, and an installation adapted to produce the fuel from renewable raw materials and the installation takes electrical energy for operation thereof from the first energy producer when the first energy producer produces more electrical energy than the consumers connected to the network consume and/or there is an energy demand from the network to the first energy producer system, wherein the installation adapted to produce fuel from renewable raw materials is a fuel production mill which manufactures the fuel from agricultural material. 2. A regenerative energy system according to claim 1 wherein fuel is fed to a second internal combustion engine and electrical energy is fed into the network when the first energy producer produces less electrical energy than is consumed in the network. 3. A regenerative energy system according to claim 1 wherein the first energy producer is an individual wind power installation or a wind park and/or a photovoltaic installation. 4. A regenerative energy system according to claim 1 wherein the installation adapted to produce fuel from renewable raw materials is a rape oil mill adapted to manufactured rape oil and/or waste from raw material. 5. A regenerative energy system according to claim 4 wherein the oil, prior to being fed to the internal combustion engine, passes through a cleaning stage and is mixed with methanol in order to obtain oil methyl ester which is stored in tank. 6. A regenerative energy system according to claim 4 wherein the waste is fed to a biogas installation adapted to process the waste and produce biogas therefrom and the biogas produced is fed alone or together with the oil or biodiesel together to an internal combustion engine which also drives a generator connected thereto. 7. A regenerative energy system according to claim 4 wherein the installation is adapted to produce the fuel from renewable raw materials that include rape, hemp, sunflowers and/or linseed. 8. A regenerative energy system according to claim 1 wherein the second energy producer has a rated power output which is in a range of 10 to 40% of a rated power output of the first energy producer. 9. A regenerative energy system according to claim 1 wherein a rated power output of the first energy producer is in the region of 50 to 250 MW. 10. A regenerative energy system according to claim 1 further comprising a control device configured to control and monitor individual subsystems of the regenerative energy system and to also monitor consumption at the electrical network, and in dependence on monitoring of the consumption in the network and the energy produced controls the individual subsystems in such a way that as much as possible of the energy which is produced by the first energy producer can be is usable for the entire system. 11. An electrical island network having the regenerative energy system according to claim 1 on a producer side. 12. A regenerative energy system comprising: a first energy producer whose energy production is dependent on weather and/or a position of a sun, wherein the first energy producer has a generator configured to produce electrical energy, which is fed into an electrical network to which a plurality of consumers are connected, a second energy producer which has a generator and an internal combustion engine connected thereto, wherein the second energy producer has a tank with fuel which when required is fed to the internal combustion engine, and a fuel production installation adapted to produce the fuel from renewable raw materials and said fuel production installation is electrically directly connected to the first energy producer by a DC voltage intermediate circuit of the energy system and/or a part of the first energy producer in which there is an AC voltage at an output side, and wherein the fuel production installation takes electrical energy for operation thereof from the first energy producer when a) current power of the first energy producer exceeds a given value, and/or b) the first energy producer produces more electrical energy than the consumers connected to the network consume, and/or c) the fuel in the tank of the second energy producer falls below a given filling level, and/or d) the second energy producer has a given consumption of fuel. 13. The regenerative energy system according to claim 12, wherein the fuel production installation is configured to take electrical energy for operation from the first energy producer when the current power of the first energy producer exceeds 60% of a rated power output of the first energy producer and/or the fuel in the tank of the second energy producer falls below 20% of a reference filling level. 14. The regenerative energy system according to claim 1, wherein the second energy producer has a rated power output which is a range of 20% to 35% of a rated power output of the first energy producer. 15. The regenerative energy system according to claim 1, wherein a rated power output of the first energy producer is in a range of 80 MW to 150 MW. 16. The regenerative energy system according to claim 1, wherein the installation is configured such that energy is fed to the second producer when the first energy producer produces more electrical energy than the consumers to the network consume and/or there is an energy demand from the network to the first energy producer system. 