A method for fabricating semiconductor components includes the step of providing a semiconductor substrate having a circuit side, a back side, a plurality of integrated circuits on the circuit side, and a plurality of substrate contacts on the circuit side in electrical communication with the integrated circuits. The method also includes the steps of forming vias from the back side to the substrate contacts, forming a conductive layer in the vias and on the back side in electrical contact with the substrate contacts; and forming the conductive layer on the back side into a plurality of conductors in electrical communication with the substrate contacts. The semiconductor component includes the semiconductor substrate, the through interconnects and the redistribution conductors. Each through interconnect includes a via aligned with a substrate contact, and a conductive layer at least partially lining the via in physical and electrical contact with the substrate contact. Each conductor is formed by a portion of the conductive layer.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for fabricating a semiconductor component comprising: providing a semiconductor substrate comprising a circuit side, a back side, a plurality of integrated circuits on the circuit side, and a plurality of substrate contacts on the circuit side in electrical communication with the integrated circuits; forming a plurality of vias in the substrate extending from the back side to the substrate contacts; forming a conductive layer in the vias in electrical contact with the substrate contacts and on the back side of the semiconductor substrate; forming the conductive layer in the vias into a plurality of through interconnects in electrical contact with the substrate contacts; and forming the conductive layer on the back side of the semiconductor substrate into a plurality of conductors in electrical contact with the through interconnects; wherein the forming the conductive layer step, the forming the through interconnects step, and the forming the conductors step comprise a same metal deposition step performed from the back side of the semiconductor substrate. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the conductive layer comprises a stack of metals. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the semiconductor substrate comprises a high speed digital logic device. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the metal deposition step comprises electroless deposition through openings in a deposition mask on the back side of the semiconductor substrate. 5. A method for fabricating a semiconductor component comprising: providing a semiconductor substrate comprising a circuit side, a back side, a plurality of integrated circuits, and a plurality of substrate contacts on the circuit side in electrical communication with the integrated circuits; forming a plurality of vias in the semiconductor substrate from the back side aligned with the substrate contacts; forming a conductive layer in the vias and on the back side in electrical contact with the substrate contacts; forming the conductive layer in the vias into a plurality of through interconnects; and forming the conductive layer on the back side into a plurality of conductors the forming the conductive layer step, the forming the through interconnects step, and the forming the conductors step comprising electroless deposition through a mask on the back side of the semiconductor substrate. 6. The method of claim 5 further comprising forming a plurality of terminal contacts on the back side in electrical communication with the conductors. 7. The method of claim 5 further comprising forming an insulation layer on the back side and in the vias configured to electrically insulate the conductors. 8. The method of claim 5 wherein the vias and the back side are generally perpendicular to one another. 9. The method of claim 5 wherein the semiconductor substrate comprising a high speed digital logic device selected from the group consisting of a dynamic random access memory (DRAM), a static random access memory (SRAM), a flash memory, a microprocessor, a digital signal processor (DSP), an application specific integrated circuit (ASIC), a MEMS type device, and a solar cell. 10. A method for fabricating a semiconductor component comprising: providing a semiconductor substrate comprising a circuit side, a back side, a plurality of integrated circuits on the circuit side, and a plurality of substrate contacts on the circuit side in electrical communication with the integrated circuits; the semiconductor substrate comprising a high speed digital logic device selected from the group consisting of a dynamic random access memory (DRAM), a static random access memory (SRAM), a flash memory, a microprocessor, a digital signal processor (DSP), an application specific integrated circuit (ASIC), a MEMS type device, and a solar cell; forming a plurality of vias from the back side of the semiconductor substrate to the substrate contacts; forming a conductive layer in the vias and on the back side of the semiconductor substrate in electrical contact with the substrate contacts; and forming the conductive layer on the back side of the semiconductor substrate into a plurality of conductors in electrical communication with the substrate contacts. 11. The method of claim 10 further comprising forming an insulation layer on the back side of the semiconductor substrate and in the vias. 12. The method of claim 10 further comprising forming insulation layers in the vias prior to the forming the conductive layer step. 13. The method of claim 10 further comprising forming a plurality of terminal contact pads on the back side in electrical communication with the conductors, and forming terminal contacts on the terminal contact pads. 14. The method of claim 10 wherein the forming the conductive layer step comprises electroless deposition. 15. The method of claim 10 wherein the forming the plurality of vias step comprises etching. 16. The method of claim 10 further comprising attaching a carrier to the semiconductor substrate prior to the forming the conductive layer step. 17. The method of claim 10 wherein each via includes a sidewall and the conductive layer lines the sidewall but leaves the via open. 18. The method of claim 10 wherein the substrate contacts include inner surfaces and the conductive layer lines the inner surfaces. 19. The method of claim 10 wherein the semiconductor substrate is provided on a semiconductor wafer and the method is performed on the wafer. 20. The method of claim 10 wherein the semiconductor substrate comprises a known good die (KGD). 21. The method of claim 10 wherein the vias are generally perpendicular to the back side and to the conductors. 22. The method of claim 10 wherein the semiconductor substrate comprises an imager die. 23. The method of claim 10 wherein the forming the conductive layer step and the forming the conductive layer into the conductors step comprise electrolessly depositing a seed layer in the vias and on the back side, forming a deposition mask on the back side, depositing a copper layer through the deposition mask onto the seed layer, and removing the deposition mask. 24. A method for fabricating a semiconductor component comprising: providing a semiconductor substrate comprising a circuit side, a back side, a plurality of integrated circuits on the circuit side including radiation sensitive integrated circuits, and a plurality of substrate contacts on the circuit side in electrical communication with the integrated circuits; attaching a transparent carrier to the semiconductor substrate configured to protect the radiation sensitive integrated circuits; forming a plurality of vias from the back side of the semiconductor substrate to the substrate contacts; forming a conductive layer in the vias and on the back side of the semiconductor substrate in electrical contact with the substrate contacts; and forming the conductive layer on the back side of the semiconductor substrate into a plurality of conductors in electrical communication with the substrate contacts. 25. A method for fabricating a semiconductor component comprising: providing a semiconductor substrate comprising a circuit side, a back side, a plurality of integrated circuits on the circuit side, and a plurality of substrate contacts on the circuit side in electrical communication with the integrated circuits; forming a plurality of vias from the back side of the semiconductor substrate to the substrate contacts; forming a conductive layer in the vias and on the back side of the semiconductor substrate, the conductive layer at least partially lining the vias and the substrate contacts; the forming the conductive layer step comprising electrolessly depositing a seed layer in the vias and on the back side, forming a deposition mask on the back side, depositing a copper layer through the deposition mask onto the seed layer, and removing the deposition mask to form a plurality of conductors in electrical communication with the substrate contacts; and forming an insulation layer on the back side and in the vias at least partially covering the conductors. 26. The method of claim 25 wherein the substrate is contained on a semiconductor wafer and the method is performed on the wafer. 27. The method of claim 25 wherein the semiconductor substrate comprises a high speed digital logic device selected from the group consisting of a dynamic random access memory (DRAM), a static random access memory (SRAM), a flash memory, a microprocessor, a digital signal processor (DSP), an application specific integrated circuit (ASIC), a MEMS type device, and a solar cell. 28. The method of claim 25 wherein the conductors include terminal contact pads, and further comprising forming terminal contacts on the terminal contact pads. 29. The method of claim 25 wherein the conductive layer comprises a copper/nickel stack. 30. The method of claim 25 wherein the forming the vias step comprises etching the semiconductor substrate through an etch mask on the back side having openings aligned with the substrate contacts. 31. The method of claim 25 wherein the forming the vias step comprises etching the semiconductor substrate through an insulation layer on the back side having openings aligned with the substrate contacts. 32. The method of claim 25 further comprising forming insulation layers in the vias prior to the forming the conductive layer step. 33. The method of claim 25 further comprising forming a transparent carrier on the semiconductor substrate configured to support the semiconductor substrate prior to the forming the conductive layer step. 34. The method of claim 25 further comprising mounting the semiconductor substrate to a supporting substrate of a system. 35. The method of claim 25 further comprising thinning the semiconductor substrate from the back side prior to the forming the conductive layer step. 36. A method for fabricating a semiconductor component comprising: providing a semiconductor substrate comprising a circuit side, a back side, a plurality of integrated circuits on the circuit side, and a plurality of substrate contacts on the circuit side in electrical communication with the integrated circuits; forming a first insulation layer on the back side having a plurality of first openings aligned with the substrate contacts; etching a plurality of vias through the first openings to the substrate contacts; forming a deposition mask on back side having second openings aligned with the vias and elongated third openings; electrolessly depositing a conductive layer through the first openings and the second openings into the vias to form through interconnects, and through the third openings onto the back side to form back side conductors in electrical communication with the through interconnects; removing the deposition mask; and forming a second insulation layer on the back side covering the through interconnects and at least partially covering the conductors. 37. The method of claim 36 wherein the etching step further comprises forming an etch mask on the first insulation layer and the etching the vias step comprises etching through the etch mask. 38. The method of claim 36 wherein the substrate contacts comprise bond pads or redistribution pads. 39. The method of claim 36 wherein the conductors include terminal contact pads, and further comprising forming terminal contacts on the terminal contact pads. 40. The method of claim 36 wherein the first insulation layer comprises a polymer or a photoimageable polymer. 41. The method of claim 36 wherein the second insulation layer comprises a polymer or a photoimageable polymer. 42. The method of claim 36 wherein the semiconductor substrate is contained on a substrate comprising a plurality of semiconductor substrates and the method is performed on the substrate. 43. The method of claim 36 wherein the substrate contacts are in a first pattern and the conductors include terminal contact pads in a second pattern. 44. The method of claim 36 wherein the conductors include terminal contact pads in an area array, and further comprising forming terminal contacts on the terminal contact pads. 45. The method of claim 36 further comprising thinning the semiconductor substrate from the back side prior to the forming the first insulation layer step. 46. The method of claim 36 wherein the semiconductor substrate is contained on a semiconductor wafer, and further comprising attaching the wafer to a transparent carrier, thinning the wafer using the carrier, and then singulating the wafer and the carrier. 47. The method of claim 36 further comprising mounting the component to a supporting substrate of a semiconductor system. 48. The method of claim 36 wherein the semiconductor substrate includes a passivation layer, and the etching the vias step comprises etching the vias to the passivation layer, and then etching the passivation layer in the vias from the substrate contacts. 49. The method of claim 36 wherein the conductive layer has a thickness of from 1 .mu.m to 10 .mu.m. 50. The method of claim 36 wherein the conductive layer comprises copper. 51. The method of claim 36 further comprising forming an insulation layer in each via prior to the forming the conductive layer step. 