A remote asset management system comprising a network of programmable wireless modules, each having an antenna and an identification module and configured to communicate via a radio communication protocol. The system further includes a plurality of assets each linked to one of the programmable wireless modules and configured to be managed by the linked programmable wireless module. A remote system server service platform is configured to receive remote asset data from at least one of the programmable wireless modules, pass the remote asset data to and from the wireless modules, send messages to at least one of the programmable wireless modules, monitor the programmable wireless modules by requesting and receiving current mode information, and remotely program the programmable wireless modules. A data processing module located within the at least one programmable wireless module and configured to process messages received by the programmable wireless module, authenticate said message, analyze authenticated messages, and carry out asset management instructions included in the message.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A remote asset management system comprising: at least one programmable wireless module, each having an antenna and an identification module and configured to communicate via a radio communication protocol; a plurality of assets each linked to one of the programmable wireless modules; a remote system server service platform configured to receive remote asset data from at least one of the programmable wireless modules, pass the remote asset data to and from the wireless modules, send messages to at least one of the programmable wireless modules, monitor the programmable wireless modules by requesting and receiving current mode information, and remotely program the programmable wireless modules to control an operational status of the linked assets; and a data processing module located within the at least one programmable wireless module and configured to process messages received by the programmable wireless module, authenticate whether said message was sent by a permitted server service platform, analyze authenticated messages, and carry out asset management instructions included in the message, thereby controlling the operational status of the linked asset. 2. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein each of the at least one programmable wireless module further includes an indicator configured to represent the current status of operation. 3. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein the remote system server service platform further includes program code for remotely initiating at least one of said programmable wireless modules by sending to said data processing module of each said programmable wireless modules a unique encrypted code to allow said remote system server service platform to put each of said programmable wireless modules in a programming mode. 4. The remote asset management system of claim 1 the system further comprising: a memory module for storing permitted caller data for use by the data processing module in authenticating whether said message was sent by a permitted server service platform. 5. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein each of the at least one programmable wireless modules further includes a solar cell. 6. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein each of the at least one programmable wireless modules further includes a display. 7. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein communications are encoded and/or encrypted. 8. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein each of the at least one programmable wireless modules are configured to connect to a plurality of external devices using of one or more of the following interfaces: an analogue port, a digital port, a power supply port, a fixed line telecommunications port, a serial interface, a USB connection, a computer connection port, a PCMCIA PC card port, a Fire-Wire connection, a SCSI port, a hard disk drive port, an ultra sound port, an infra-red port, an internet connection port, a local area network connection, a microphone connection, an audio headset connection, a communications port connected to a remote asset interface module and configured to communicate with one or a plurality of said fixed or mobile assets via a wired or wireless connection. 9. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein each of the at least one programmable wireless module are programmable gateways configured to communicate with the plurality of assets via a fixed or wireless connection. 10. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein each the at least one programmable wireless module is configured to directly communicate over a fixed or wireless connection with a data collection system within the linked asset. 11. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein the remote system server service platform further includes a wireless module configured to serve as a master module and supervise asset management operations of the at least one programmable wireless module, wherein each of the supervised programmable wireless modules are configured to operate as slave wireless modules. 12. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein each of the at least one programmable wireless modules are configured to receive communications directly from a local or remote wireless device or from the system server service platform. 13. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein each of the at least one programmable wireless module are further configured to gather and process data received from the corresponding linked asset and communicate with the remote system server service platform. 14. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein the remote system server service platform is a dedicated network server programmed with operational details of the plurality of assets, the dedicated network server configured to manage communication messages sent to and received from the at least one wireless module. 15. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein the remote system server service platform is an Internet-based server programmed with operational details of the plurality of assets, the Internet-based server configured to manage communication messages sent to and received from the at least one programmable wireless module. 16. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein the remote server is pre-programmed to store operational data for one or more types of assets, wherein the data is at least one selected from the group consisting of: asset type, asset model number, asset operating system type, asset power supply type, back-up battery supply, power supply duty cycle parameters, critical parameters for disabling specific functionality of the asset, location data of the asset as a function of time and stored at specified intervals for a specified duration, asset performance monitoring parameters, service history of the asset, location history of the asset, performance optimisation parameters, and security lock-down features. 17. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the plurality of assets is an in-vehicle navigation system integrated with a broadcast receiver and configured to broadcast received traffic data broadcast over a radio channel, wherein the programmable wireless module associated with the in-vehicle navigation system is further configured to receive, decode, combine the traffic data with pre-processed route information, update the route, and generate instructions advising the driver of the change in route, wherein received traffic data includes at least one of one of congestion data, accident data, and changes in driving conditions. 18. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein each of the at least one programmable wireless modules include a software radio module. 19. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein the system server service platform is further configured to process communications from the at least one programmable wireless module to determine the location of the at least one programmable wireless module. 20. The remote asset management system of claim 19 wherein each of the at least one programmable wireless modules further includes a GPS processing module. 21. The remote asset management system of claim 20 wherein the at least one programmable wireless module is configured to store at least one GPS location. 22. The remote asset management system of claim 21, wherein the at least one programmable module is configured to store the at least one GPS location periodically. 23. The remote asset management system of claim 21, wherein the at least one programmable module is configured to store the at least one GPS location in response to a change in status of a monitored interface. 24. The remote asset management system of claim 21, wherein the at least one programmable module is configured to store the at least one GPS location in response to a request received from a remote device and/or the system server service platform. 25. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein each of the at least one programmable wireless module is configured to be remotely programmed with asset management applications. 26. The remote asset management system of claim 25 further comprising a computer for developing the asset management applications and for uploading the asset management applications to each of the at least one programmable wireless module. 27. The remote asset management system of claim 25 further comprising a computer for developing the asset management applications, the computer connected to the at least one programmable wireless module over a fixed or wired connection to enable processing and data storage functions of the at least one programmable wireless module to be visualized during development of the application, wherein each asset management applications include a software program having specific cause-effect functionality. 28. The remote asset management system of claim 25 wherein each asset management application comprises a software program having specific cause-effect functionality which can be connected to a computer and wherein at least one application monitoring detail can be visualized on a screen wherein said at least one application monitoring detail may include at least one from the group consisting of: module self check status, list of the features of the wireless module, memory size available to different associated assets for periodic data storage, port module self-check status, list of the current standard interfaces in the port module, current data values of the voltages at each interface, stored data values, table or graphic of stored data values for the associated assets, stored GPS coordinates, periodicity of stored GPS data, list of times for each stored GPS value, a permitted callers list of telephone numbers or IP addresses, an access code list, list of user-definable access codes to be included within each management message for access/control of different features of the module or for access/control of any associated asset, an associated asset functional description, a status message list comprising a list of user-definable messages, list of ranges of parameters monitored for the associated asset, list of alarm condition messages, list of operational messages, data showing intervals of time that a specified monitored associated asset has been working within an acceptable operating range, a power supply status, data showing whether the module is currently being powered by an external device or whether it is drawing power from its own battery, the power level of the rechargeable battery, application-specific asset features, service history, enabled or disabled asset functionality, location data, location history, performance optimisation data, and security lock-down features. 29. The remote asset management system of claim 25 wherein each of the plurality of assets includes a programmable sub-application configured to directly map a range of data values generated by an asset operating system to a range of status conditions. 30. The remote asset management system of claim 29 wherein each programmable sub-application comprises a set of data attributes configured to enable the wireless module to read data from and write data to the asset interface module and/or to read data from the GPS chipset or from the GPS stored data and/or to further specify reprogrammable access rights to one or more of the data attributes associated with the asset or to the GPS data. 31. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein each of the plurality of assets may be at least one selected from the group consisting of: a vehicle, a vehicle engine management system, a parking meter, a highway sign, a camera, a water meter, a gas meter, an electricity meter, a bank cash withdrawal machine, a video recorder, freight in transit, a door lock, a window lock, a computer, a consumer device, a household device, a heating system, an air conditioning system, a solid state recorder, a sauna heater, a central heating system, a highway speed indicator, a packaging container, a briefcase, a laptop computer, a workstation, a fire alarm, a mains powered device, a mobile phone, a bicycle, a network device with a firewall, a GPS navigation system, a home security network, a building automation system, a burglar alarm, a refrigeration device, a temperature regulation device, an electronic key control device, a door opening device, a panic hardware device, a smoke detection device, a fire detection device, a false alarm protection device, an air filtering system, an elevator, and a fan system control. 32. The remote asset management system of claim 31 wherein the remote system server service platform is configured to exchange encoded and/or encrypted messages with at least one of the plurality of assets, thereby changing the operational status of the asset or determining the location of the asset. 33. The remote asset management system of claim 32 wherein each of the at least one programmable wireless modules are integral with the associated linked asset's circuitry such that the remote system server service platform may have remote access to critical control parameters of the linked asset's operating system. 34. The remote asset management system of claim 31 wherein the water meter includes a programmable wireless module directly interfaced with a flow meter such that a changing jet of water flow is configured to generate an electromotive force that disrupts a magnetic field passively monitored by a plurality of electrodes, the electrodes configured to send a signal to a processing circuit configured to totalize a rate of flow generated by a frequency of oscillation and send a totalized flow measurement to the at least one programmable wireless module periodically and/or in response to a request received from the wireless module. 35. The remote asset management system of claim 31 wherein at least one of the plurality of assets is a video recorder and wherein the remote server is further configured to monitor the scheduling of television broadcasts according to stored user preferences and forward messages of upcoming programs to a user and organize the programming of a home video recorder in response to messages received back from the user. 36. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein each of the at least one programmable wireless module is further configured to receive transmissions from the remote system server service platform, the received transmissions including instructions to the at least one programmable wireless module to monitor and/or control a condition in the associated asset via a fixed or wireless connection wherein said condition is at least one selected from the group comprising: a mechanical condition, an output of a stepper motor, a thermocouple sensor, an inductive coil meter, an electromagnetic servo, a level of performance, a location, a status, an environmental condition, a temperature, a pressure, a sound level, a monitored chemical composition, a light intensity, a humidity, a battery charge level, a use of the asset, an operational use, battery duty cycle parameters, a power supply, magnetic field, sea pressure, tectonic sensor data, air speed, water flow, chemical substances. 37. The remote asset management system of claim 36 wherein each of the at least one programmable wireless module is further configured to control the power supply delivered to at least one of the plurality of assets based on the instructions from the remote system server service platform, wherein the asset has a reduced power state, a raised power state, an on state, and an off state. 38. The remote asset management system of claim 36 wherein the transmission from the remote system server service platform further includes additional instructions to monitor and/or control an environmental condition wherein said environmental condition is at least one selected from the group consisting of: acidity, alkalinity, dissolved oxygen, carbon monoxide, contaminant, radioactivity, river level, wind speed, weather condition, surface sea temperature, deep sea temperature, seismic activity, wave height, sea current, wave displacement speed, oil spillage propagation, river contamination, flood prediction. 39. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein communications transmitted between a local and/or the remote system server service platform and the at least one programmable wireless device and communications transmitted between the plurality of assets and the at least one programmable wireless module are at least one of: GPRS data, TCP/IP data, Bluetooth data, ultrasound data, data as a graphical image, data in a graphic form, EMS messages, MMS messages, SMS messages, IP packets, data-calls, circuit-switched voice calls. 40. The remote asset management system of claim 39 wherein the communications are encrypted and/or encoded and may include a first key generated from a first end of the communications link and second key generated from a second end of the communications link, wherein the communication include VPN encryption and/or comprise firewall capability. 41. The remote asset management system of claim 39 wherein the system server service platform is configured to receive processed data from the at least one programmable wireless module linked to the asset for the purpose of providing consumer and/or corporate services. 42. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein the system server service platform is further configured to receive alarms from the at least one programmable wireless module when thresholds of monitored data are crossed, wherein the system server service platform is further configured to alert at least one of: an emergency service center, a security service centre, an asset servicing center, a facilities management centre, a freight management centre, a vending machine management centre, a household consumer, a vehicle service centre, a hospital, a research laboratory, a pharmaceutical laboratory, and a fleet management centre for real time fleet supervision. 43. The remote asset management system of claim 42, wherein the fleet includes at least one selected from the group consisting of: busses, trucks, taxis, ambulances, trains, aircraft, and emergency service vehicles. 44. The remote asset management system of claim 1 wherein the system server service platform is further configured to receive and further process linked asset data gathered and processed by the at least one programmable wireless module, wherein the system server service platform is configured to process the received linked asset data in accordance with an asset management application and forward the further processed linked asset data to an at least one asset operator. 45. The remote asset management system of claim 44 wherein each of the plurality of assets comprises an operating system and an asset management system, wherein the exchange of messages may render inoperable certain functionality of the asset and asset management system, thereby preventing access to operation of the asset and/or access to any stored data in the asset. 46. The remote asset management system of claim 44 wherein the plurality of assets each include a laptop computer and wherein an exchange of messages may be used to transfer a default access password to the laptop computer, thereby enabling an authorised and authenticated user to gain access to data on the laptop computer when the user has forgotten the access password or when the password does not work. 47. The remote asset management system of claim 46 wherein a first message transferred to the laptop computer comprises the default access password is configured to activate a software module in the laptop computer and establish a secure communication channel between the laptop computer and a remote helpdesk server, the laptop computer and the remote helpdesk server configured to exchange identification data for authenticating the user, and wherein the remote helpdesk server is configured to send a second access password to the laptop computer, the second access password configured to allow the user complete access to the laptop computer. 48. A method of remote asset management, the steps comprising: transmitting data from at least one remote asset to at least one wireless programmable module, linked to the remote asset; sending the remote asset data from the wireless programmable module to a remote system server service platform; generating a message containing additional data and asset management instructions in the remote system service platform, in response to the received data; sending said message and asset management instructions to the programmable wireless module; processing said message and asset management instructions in a data processing module located within the programmable wireless module; authenticating, in the data processing module, whether said message and asset management instructions were sent by a permitted server service platform; analyzing said message and asset management instructions; carrying out said asset management instructions; and programming at least one programmable wireless module to control an operational status of the linked remote assets in response to said processed, authenticated and analyzed message and asset management instructions. 49. A method according to claim 48, further comprising indicating the current status of operation of each of the at least one programmable wireless modules. 50. A method according to claim 48 further comprising: sending a unique encrypted code from the remote system server service platform to an identification module in the at least one programmable wireless module; remotely initiating the at least one programmable wireless module in response to the unique encrypted code , thereby allowing said remote system server service platform to put each of the at least one programmable wireless modules in a programming mode. 51. A method according to claim 48 further comprising: storing, in a memory module, permitted caller data for use by said data processing module for authenticating whether said message was sent by a permitted server service platform. 52. A method according to claim 48 wherein each of the at least one programmable wireless modules include a solar cell and/or a display. 53. A method according to claim 48 further comprising encoding and/or encrypting said communications between the at least one asset and the at least one wireless module and between the at least one wireless module and the remote system server service platform. 54. A method according to claim 48 further comprising: connecting said programmable wireless modules to a range of external assets, asset appliances, or functional elements using an interface, wherein the interface is at least one of analogue port, a digital port, a power supply port, a fixed line telecommunications port, a serial interface, a USB connection, a computer connection port, a PCMCIA PC card port, a Fire-Wire connection, a SCSI port, a hard disk drive port, an ultra sound port, an infra-red port, an internet connection port, a local area network connection, a microphone connection, an audio headset connection, a communications port connected to a remote asset interface module communicating with one or a plurality of said fixed or mobile assets via a wired or wireless connection. 55. A method according to claim 48 wherein each of the at least one programmable wireless modules are programmable gateways configured to communicate with the at least one asset via a fixed or wireless connection. 56. A method according to claim 48 wherein each the at least one programmable wireless module is configured to directly communicate over a fixed or wireless connection with a data collection system within the linked asset. 57. A method according to claim 48 further comprising: supervising asset management operations of one or more wireless module operating as slave wireless module, wherein the remote system server service platform further includes a wireless module configured to serve as a master wireless module. 58. A method according to claim 48 further comprising: receiving into each of the at least one programmable wireless module, communications directly from a local or remote wireless device or from said system server service platform. 59. A method according to claim 48 further comprising: gathering data from the linked assets; processing the gathered data; and communicating with said remote system server service platform by each of said programmable wireless modules. 60. A method according to claim 48 further comprising: receiving at least one alarm from the at least one programmable wireless module when thresholds of monitored data are crossed; and alerting at least one selected from the group consisting of the appropriate emergency service centre, a security service centre, an asset servicing centre, a facilities management centre, a freight management centre, a vending machine management centre, a household consumer, a vehicle service centre. 61. A method according to claim 48 further comprising further comprising: receiving data gathered from said linked assets and processed by the programmable wireless modules; further processing the received data in accordance with an asset management application; forwarding the further processed received data to operators of the assets. 62. A method according to claim 48 further comprising: programming said remote system server service platform with operational details of a plurality of assets to be controlled remotely, the remote server service platform being a dedicated network server or Internet-based server; and managing the communication messages sent to and received from the at least one wireless module, wherein the dedicated network server or Internet-based server manage the messages. 63. A method according to claim 48 further comprising: pre-programming said remote system server service platform to store operational data for one or more types of asset, wherein said operational data is at least one from the group consisting of: an asset type, an asset model number, and asset operating system type, an asset power supply type, a back-up battery supply parameter, a power supply duty cycle parameter, a critical parameter for disabling specific functionality of the asset, location data of the asset as a function of time and stored at specified intervals for a specified duration, asset performance monitoring parameters, service history of the asset, location history of the asset, performance optimisation parameters, and security lock-down features. 64. A method according to claim 48 wherein each of the at least one programmable wireless module further includes a software radio module. 65. A method according to claim 48, further comprising: remotely programming each of the at least one programmable wireless module with at least one of a plurality of asset management applications. 66. A method according to claim 65 further comprising the steps of: developing a software program having specific cause-effect functionality, the software program being developed on a computer and being part of each of said asset management instructions, wherein the computer is connected to at least one of the programmable wireless modules over a fixed or wireless connection; and uploading the software program to the at least one programmable wireless module the software program having specific cause-effect functionality and wherein said software program being part of each of said asset management application. 67. A method according to claim 66, wherein developing the software program includes visualizing processing and data storage function details of each of the plurality of asset management instructions of each of the at least one programmable wireless modules. 68. A method according to claim 67 wherein said data storage function details include at least one of a module self check status, a list of the features of the wireless module memory size available to different associated assets for periodic data storage, a port module self-check status, a list of the current standard interfaces in the port module, current data values of the voltages at each interface, stored data values, a table or graphic of stored data values for the associated assets, stored GPS coordinates, periodicity of stored GPS data, a list of times for each stored GPS value, a permitted callers list of telephone numbers or IP addresses, an access code list, a list of user-definable access codes to be included within each management message for access/control of different features of the module or for access/control of any associated asset, an associated asset functional description, a status message list including a list of user-definable messages and/or a list of ranges of parameters monitored for the associated asset, a list of alarm condition messages, a list of operational messages, data showing intervals of time that a specified monitored associated asset has been working within an acceptable operating range, a power supply status, data showing whether the module is currently being powered by an external device or whether it is drawing power from its own battery, the power level of the rechargeable battery, application-specific asset features. 69. A method according to claim 65 wherein each of said assets further includes a programmable sub-application for directly mapping the range of data values generated by the asset operating system to a range of status conditions. 70. A method according to claim 69 wherein each of said programmable sub-applications further includes a set of data attributes which enable the at least one wireless module to read data from and write data to an asset interface module and/or to read data from a GPS chipset or from GPS stored data and/or to further specify reprogrammable access rights to one or more data attributes associated with the asset or to the GPS data. 71. A method according to claim 48 further comprising: processing communications from one or more of the at least one programmable wireless modules, wherein the at least one programmable wireless module includes a GPS processing module; and locating, based on the processed communications, the at least one programmable wireless modules. 72. A method according to 71 further comprising storing one or more GPS location data periodically, in response to a change in status of a monitored asset, in response to a request received from a remote device, or in response to a request from the system server service platform by the at least one programmable wireless module. 73. A method according to claim 48 further comprising: communicating between the at least one programmable wireless modules and the at least one asset, wherein each of the assets may include at least one selected from the group consisting of: a vehicle; a vehicle engine management system, a parking meter, a highway sign, a camera, a water meter, a gas meter, an electricity meter, a bank cash withdrawal machine, a video recorder, freight in transit, a door lock, a window lock, a computer, a consumer device, a household device, a heating system, an air conditioning system, a solid state recorder, a sauna heater, a central heating system, a highway speed indicator, a packaging container, a briefcase, a laptop computer, a workstation, a fire alarm, a mains powered device, a mobile phone, a bicycle, a network device with a firewall, a GPS navigation system, a home security network, a building automation system, a burglar alarm, a refrigeration device, a temperature regulation device, an electronic key control device, a door opening device, a panic hardware device, a smoke detection device, a fire detection device, a false alarm protection device, an air filtering system, an elevator, and a fan system control. 74. A method according to claim 73 further comprising: monitoring scheduling of television broadcasts according to stored user preferences; forwarding messages containing upcoming programs to a user of said video recorder; receiving messages from the user in response to the forwarded messages; and organizing a programming of a home video recorder in response to the messages received from the user. 75. A method according to claim 73 further comprising: interfacing said water meter with a flow meter, wherein the water meter has a programmable wireless module; measuring, either periodically or in response to a request received from the at least one wireless module, a changing jet of water flow, wherein said changing jet of water flow causes an electromotive force to be generated that disrupts a powerful magnetic field being passively monitored by a number of electrodes; sending a signal from the number of electrodes to a processing circuit, the signal being representative of the magnetic field; totalizing a rate of flow generated by a frequency of oscillation; and sending the totalized rate of flow to the water meter's wireless module. 76. A method according to claim 73 wherein the at least one asset includes an in-vehicle navigation system integrated with a broadcast receiver, the method further comprising: receiving traffic data including at least one of congestion data, accident data, and changes in driving conditions data; decoding the received traffic data; combining the decoded traffic data with pre-processed route information; updating a route based on the combined traffic data and pre-processed route information; and generating instructions advising a driver of the change in route. 77. A method according to claim 73 further comprising: changing the operational mode of the at least one asset and/or determining the location of the at least one asset through an exchange of encoded and/or encrypted messages between the asset and the remote system server service platform. 78. A method according to claim 77 further comprising: rendering at least part of the functionality of the at least one asset or asset management system inoperable, thereby preventing access to operation of the asset or access to any stored data in the at least one asset through said the exchange of messages and wherein the at least one asset further includes an operating system and/or asset management system. 79. A method according to claim 78 further comprising: allowing said remote system server service platform to have remote access to critical control parameters of the at least one asset's operating system, and wherein said critical control parameters of the at least one asset's operating system enables BIOS parameters to be changed remotely, wherein the at least one asset includes a programmable wireless module integrated with the circuitry of the at least one asset. 80. A method according to claim 77 further comprising: transferring, by an exchange of messages, a default password to a laptop associated with at least one remote asset when said user has forgotten an access password or when said password does not work, wherein the transfer is done either directly or via a remote server; and enabling an authorised and authenticated user to gain access to data based on the default password. 81. A method according to claim 80, wherein said exchange of messages includes: transferring a first message comprising an access password configured to establish a secure communication between said laptop computer and a remote helpdesk server; establishing said secure communication; exchanging identification data for authenticating said user between the laptop and the remote helpdesk server; and when said authentication being positive, sending from said remote helpdesk server a second access password to said laptop computer for authorizing said user to gain complete access to said laptop computer. 82. A method according to claim 48 further comprising: receiving transmissions from the remote system server service platform, the received transmission including instructions to the at least one programmable wireless module to monitor and/or control a condition in the associated asset via a fixed or wireless connection, wherein said condition is at least one selected from the group comprising: a mechanical condition, an output of a stepper motor, a thermocouple sensor, an inductive coil meter, an electromechanical servo, a level of performance, a location, a status, an environmental condition, a temperature, a pressure, a sound level, a monitored chemical composition, a light intensity, a humidity, a battery charge level, a use of the asset, an operational use, battery duty cycle parameters, a power supply, magnetic field, sea pressure, tectonic sensor data, air speed, water flow, chemical substances. 83. A method according to claim 82 further comprising: sending instructions from the remote system server to the programmable wireless module; and controlling the power supply delivered to the asset based on the received instructions, wherein the asset has a reduced power state, a raised power state, an on state, and an off stated. 84. A method according to claim 82 further comprising: receiving transmissions from said remote system server service platform for effecting, and/or controlling, and/or monitoring, and/or sensing some change in an environmental condition by said programmable wireless modules, wherein said change includes at least one of a change in acidity, a change in alkalinity, a change in dissolved oxygen, a change in carbon monoxide, a change in contaminant, a change in radioactivity, a change in river level, a change in wind speed, a change in weather condition. 85. A method according to claim 48 wherein communications transmitted between a local and/or the remote system server service platform and the at least one programmable wireless device and communications transmitted between the at least one asset and the at least one programmable wireless module include at least one of: GPRS data, TCP/IP data, Bluetooth data, ultrasound data, data as a graphical image, data in a graphic form, EMS messages, MMS messages, SMS messages, IP packets, data-calls, circuit-switched voice calls. 86. A method according to claim 85 further comprising: encrypting and/or encoding said communications, wherein said communications include a first key generated from a first end of the communications link and second key generated from a second end of the communications link, wherein the communication may include VPN encryption and/or comprise firewall capability. 87. A method according to claim 85 further comprising: receiving processed data from said programmable wireless module linked to said asset for providing consumer and/or corporate services by said system server service platform. 