A communication system includes at least one optical-wireless device coupled to a longitudinal side of an optical fiber. The optical-wireless device may include an optical fiber power unit for converting optical power into electrical power, and a wireless communication unit electrically powered by the optical fiber power unit. The optical-wireless device may include a substrate mounting the optical fiber power unit and the wireless communication unit to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. The wireless communication unit may include a radio frequency transmitter, and a signal optical grating coupling the transmitter to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. The radio frequency transmitter in some embodiments may include an ultra-wideband transmitter. A dipole antenna may also be provided including first and second portions extending in opposite directions along the longitudinal side of the optical fiber.
Claims That which is claimed is: 1. A communication system comprising: an optical fiber comprising a core and a cladding surrounding said core; a fiber bench having a groove retaining said optical fiber therein; said optical fiber having a portion of said cladding removed to define an exposed core portion flush with adjacent portions of said fiber bench; and at least one optical-wireless device coupled to a longitudinal side of said optical fiber adjacent the exposed core portion and comprising an optical fiber power unit coupled to said exposed core portion for converting optical power therein into electrical power, and a wireless communication unit electrically powered solely by said optical fiber power unit and coupled to said exposed core portion and comprising an ultra-wideband transmitter and a signal optical grating coupling said ultra-wideband transmitter to the longitudinal side of said optical fiber, said ultra-wideband transmitter comprising an optical detector having an input coupled to said signal optical grating and having an output, an amplifier having an input connected to the output of said optical detector and having an output, a pseudorandom code generator having an output, a multiplier having inputs connected to the outputs of said amplifier and pseudorandom code generator, and having an output, a pulse generator having an input connected to the output of said multiplier, and having an output, and an antenna connected to the output of said pulse generator. 2. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said at least one optical-wireless device further comprises a substrate mounting said optical fiber power unit and said wireless communication unit to the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 3. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said optical fiber power unit comprises a photovoltaic device and a power optical grating coupling said photovoltaic device to the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 4. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said antenna comprises a dipole antenna. 5. A communication system according to claim 4 wherein said dipole antenna comprises first and second portions extending in opposite directions along the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 6. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said wireless communication unit comprises a wireless transmitter; and further comprising at least one wireless receiver spaced from said wireless transmitter and receiving signals therefrom. 7. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said wireless communication unit comprises a wireless receiver; and further comprising at least one wireless transmitter spaced from said wireless receiver and transmitting signals thereto. 8. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said at least one optical-wireless device comprises a plurality of optical-wireless devices coupled to said optical fiber at spaced apart locations along the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 9. An optical-wireless device to be coupled to a longitudinal side of an optical fiber, the optical fiber comprising a core and a cladding surrounding the core, and a fiber bench having a groove retaining the optical fiber therein, the optical fiber having a portion of the cladding removed to define an exposed core portion flush with adjacent portions of the fiber bench, the optical-wireless device comprising: a substrate for coupling to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber adjacent the exposed core portion; an optical fiber power unit carried by said substrate to be coupled to said exposed core portion for converting optical power therein into electrical power; and a wireless communication unit carried by said substrate, solely electrically powered by said optical fiber power unit, and to be coupled to the exposed core portion and comprising an ultra-wideband transmitter and a signal optical grating coupling said ultra-wideband transmitter to the longitudinal side of said optical fiber said ultra-wideband transmitter comprising an optical detector having an input coupled to said signal optical grating and having an output, an amplifier having an input connected to the output of said optical detector and having an output, a pseudorandom code generator having an output, a multiplier having inputs connected to the outputs of said amplifier and pseudorandom code generator, and having an output, a pulse generator having an input connected to the output of said multiplier, and having an output, and an antenna connected to the output of said pulse generator. 10. An optical-wireless device according to claim 9 wherein said optical fiber power unit comprises a photovoltaic device and a power optical grating for coupling said photovoltaic device to the optical fiber. 11. An optical-wireless device to be coupled to an optical fiber and comprising: a substrate to be directly coupled to the optical fiber; a signal optical grating; and an ultra-wideband wireless communication unit carried by said substrate and to be coupled to the optical fiber, the ultra-wideband wireless communications unit comprising an ultra-wideband transmitter comprising an optical detector having an input coupled to said signal optical grating and having an output, an amplifier having an input connected to the output of said optical detector and having an output, a pseudorandom code generator having an output; a multiplier having inputs connected to the outputs of said amplifier and said pseudorandom code generator, said multiplier also having an output, a pulse generator having an input connected to the output of said multiplier, and having an output, and an antenna to be carried by the optical fiber and connected to the output of said pulse generator; said signal optical grating for coupling said ultra-wideband transmitter to the optical fiber. 12. An optical-wireless device according to claim 11 wherein said substrate is to be coupled to a longitudinal side of the optical fiber. 13. An optical-wireless device according to claim 11 wherein said antenna comprises a dipole antenna. 14. An optical-wireless device according to claim 13 wherein said dipole antenna comprises first and second portions to extend in opposite directions along the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. 15. A communication system comprising: an optical fiber; at least one optical-wireless device coupled to a longitudinal side of said optical fiber and comprising an optical fiber power unit coupled to said optical fiber for converting optical power therein into electrical power, and a wireless communication unit electrically operating at a first optical wavelength powered by said optical fiber power unit and coupled to said optical fiber; and an optical power source coupled to said optical fiber for powering said optical fiber power unit and operating at a second wavelength different than the first optical wavelength. 16. A communication system according to claim 15 wherein said at least one optical-wireless device further comprises a substrate mounting said optical fiber power unit and said wireless communication unit to the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 17. A communication system according to claim 15 wherein said optical fiber power unit comprises a photovoltaic device and a power optical grating coupling said photovoltaic device to the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 18. A communication system according to claim 15 wherein said wireless communication unit comprises a radio frequency transmitter and a signal optical grating coupling said radio frequency transmitter to the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 19. A communication system according to claim 18 wherein said radio frequency transmitter comprises an ultra-wideband transmitter. 20. An optical-wireless device to be coupled to an optical fiber and comprising: a substrate to be coupled to the optical fiber; and an ultra-wideband transmitter and a signal optical grating both carried by said substrate, said optical grating for coupling said ultra-wideband transmitter to the optical fiber, said ultra-wideband transmitter comprising an optical detector having an input coupled to said signal optical grating and having an output, an amplifier having an input connected to the output of said optical detector and having an output, a pseudorandom code generator having an output, a multiplier having inputs connected to the outputs of said amplifier and said pseudorandom code generator, said multiplier also having an output, a pulse generator having an input connected to the output of said multiplier, and having an output, and an antenna to be carried by the optical fiber and connected to the output of said pulse generator. 21. An optical-wireless device according to claim 20 wherein said substrate is to be coupled to a longitudinal side of the optical fiber. 22. An optical-wireless device according to claim 20 wherein said antenna comprises a dipole antenna. 23. An optical-wireless device according to claim 22 wherein said dipole antenna comprises first and second portions to extend in opposite directions along the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. 24. A method for optical-wireless communication via an optical fiber comprising a core and a cladding surrounding the core, the method comprising: coupling at least one optical-wireless device to a longitudinal side of the optical fiber by the cladding, the at least one optical-wireless device comprising an optical fiber power unit and a wireless communication unit connected thereto, the wireless communication unit operating at a first optical wavelength; supplying optical power at a second wavelength different than the first optical wavelength into the optical fiber using an optical power source; converting the optical power in the optical fiber into electrical power using the optical fiber power unit; and electrically powering the wireless communication unit for optical-wireless communication using the electrical power converted from the optical power. 25. A method according to claim 24 wherein the optical-wireless device further comprises a substrate carrying the optical fiber power unit and the wireless communication unit; and wherein coupling comprises coupling the substrate to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. 26. A method according to claim 24 wherein the wireless communication unit comprises a radio frequency transmitter and a signal optical grating coupling the radio frequency transmitter to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. 27. A method according to claim 26 wherein the radio frequency transmitter comprises an ultra-wideband transmitter. 