Disclosed herein are systems and methods for facilitating the usage of an online workforce to remotely monitor security-sensitive sites and report potential security breaches. In some embodiments, cameras are configured to monitor critical civilian infrastructure, such as water supplies and nuclear reactors. The cameras are operatively connected to a central computer or series of computers, and images captured by the cameras are transmitted to the central computer. After initially registering with the central computer, Guardians "log on" to a central website hosted by the central computer and monitor the images, thereby earning compensation. In one embodiment, images of "no-man" zones--areas where no humans or vehicles should be present or monitored--are sent to Guardians for a simple determination of whether or not a human exists in the picture. Site owners compensate the operator of the computer system for this monitoring service, and the operator in turn compensates Guardians based on, for example, (i) the amount of time spent monitoring, and/or (ii) the degree of a given Guardian's responsiveness to real or fabricated security breaches. Among other things, systems and methods are disclosed herein for facilitating (a) the registration of monitored sites, (b) the registration of Guardians, and (c) the management of monitoring sessions, including the routing of real and fabricated images to Guardians, the rating of Guardians, and the compensation of Guardians. Many additional and alternative embodiments are contemplated, including the following example of one embodiment.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An apparatus, comprising: a processor; and a storage device in communication with the processor and storing instructions adapted to be executed by the processor to: receive an indication of a request by a remote patroller to initiate a remote monitoring session; determine a remote location for the remote patroller to monitor; provide data from a monitoring device associated with the remote location to the remote patroller; receive an indication of a response by the remote patroller to the data; and determine, based at least in part on the indication of the response by the remote patroller to the data, a status of the remote location. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the stored instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to: compensate the remote patroller for participating in the remote monitoring session. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the stored instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to: calculate the compensation. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the calculating of the compensation comprises: determining an amount of compensation due to the remote patroller; and reducing the amount of compensation by a reduction amount. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the reduction amount comprises a tax withholding amount associated with the remote patroller. 6. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the reduction amount comprises an insurance premium amount associated with the remote patroller. 7. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the reduction amount comprises an insurance co-pay amount associated with the remote patroller. 8. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the reduction amount comprises an amount due on a service account associated with the remote patroller. 9. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the compensation comprises a chance to win a sweepstakes prize. 10. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the compensation comprises a discount on merchandise not yet purchased. 11. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the compensation comprises an event ticket. 12. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the compensation comprises earning the right to view premium content at no charge. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the stored instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to: register the remote patroller to participate in remote monitoring sessions. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the registering, comprises: receiving, from the remote patroller, a request to register as a remote patroller; prompting, after the receiving of the request, the remote patroller for required registration information; receiving, after the prompting, the required registration information; conducting, after the receiving of the required registration information and based at least in part on the required registration information, a background check of the remote patroller; providing to the remote patroller, in the case that the conducting of the background check is successful, information instructive of how to participate in remote monitoring sessions; testing the remote patroller; storing, in the case that the remote patroller passes the testing, information associated with the remote patroller in a database; and providing, in the case that the remote patroller passes the testing, software necessary for participation in remote monitoring sessions. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the stored instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to: register the remote location. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the registering, comprises: receiving a request to register the monitoring device with a remote monitoring service; confirming, after the receiving of the request, communication with the monitoring device; assigning an identifier to the monitoring device; testing the monitoring device; storing, in the case that the monitoring device passes the testing, identifier number associated with the monitoring device in a database receiving an indication of a monitoring rule associated with the monitoring device; and storing, after the receiving of the indication of the monitoring rule associated with the monitoring device, an indication of the association between the monitoring rule and the monitoring device. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the determining of the remote location is based at least in part on the monitoring rule associated with the monitoring device. 18. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the stored instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to: initiate, based at least in part on the determined status of the remote location, an action. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the status of the remote location is determined to be an emergency status and wherein the action comprises: triggering an alarm condition. 20. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the status of the remote location is determined to be an emergency status and wherein the action comprises: initiating two-way communications with the remote location. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the initiating of the two-way communications with the remote location comprises establishing a two-way communication channel between a device associated with the remote patroller and a device at the remote location. 22. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the two-way communications comprise one or more of two-way audio and two-way video communications. 23. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the status of the remote location is determined to be an emergency status and wherein the action comprises: triggering a challenge. 24. The apparatus of claim 23, wherein the challenge comprises: transmitting a prompt for a password to an output device at the remote location; receiving, via an input device at the remote location, an indication of a response to the prompt by a person at the remote location; and comparing the indication of the response to the prompt by the person at the remote location with a stored indication of a correct password. 25. The apparatus of claim 24, wherein the stored instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to: initiate, in the case that it is determined that the indication of the response to the prompt by the person at the remote location is not acceptable, an emergency sequence. 26. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the status of the remote location is determined to be an emergency status and wherein the action comprises: providing one or more images of the remote location to a device associated with an owner of the remote location. 27. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein the stored instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to: receive an indication of a response by the owner to the one or more images; and determine, based at least in part on the indication of the response by the owner to the one or more images, an updated status of the remote location. 28. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein the owner device comprises a mobile terminal. 29. The apparatus of claim 28, wherein the mobile terminal comprises one or more of a cellular telephone, a personal digital assistant, a personal computer, and a television. 30. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the status of the remote location is determined to be an emergency status and wherein the action comprises: providing one or more images of the remote location to a device associated with a first responder. 31. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the status of the remote location is determined to be an emergency status and wherein the action comprises: activating an electric fence at the remote location. 32. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the status of the remote location is determined to be an emergency status and wherein the action comprises: activating an alarm at the remote location. 33. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the status of the remote location is determined to be an emergency status and wherein the action comprises: retrieving buffered images associated with the remote location. 34. The apparatus of claim 33, wherein the stored instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to: provide the buffered images to the remote patroller. 35. The apparatus of claim 33, wherein the buffered images comprise one or more images of one or more peripheral areas of the remote location. 36. The apparatus of claim 33, wherein the buffered images comprise one or more images of one or approach zones associated with the remote location. 37. The apparatus of claim 33, wherein the buffered images are retrieved from another monitoring device associated with the remote location. 38. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the status of the remote location is determined to be an emergency status, wherein the monitoring device comprises a camera with Pan/Tilt/Zoom (PTZ) functionality, and wherein the action comprises: facilitating a utilization of the PTZ functionality of the monitoring device via a user-device associated with a remote entity. 39. The apparatus of claim 38, wherein the remote entity comprises the remote patroller. 40. The apparatus of claim 38, wherein the remote entity comprises an owner of the remote location. 41. The apparatus of claim 38, wherein the remote entity comprises a trained professional. 42. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the request to initiate the remote monitoring session is received via a web interface. 43. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the request to initiate the remote monitoring session is received via a Graphical User Interface (GUI). 44. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the request to initiate the remote monitoring session is received via an Interactive Voice Response Unit (IVRU). 45. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the determining of the remote location, comprises: selecting the remote location from a plurality of available remote locations. 46. The apparatus of claim 45, wherein the selecting of the remote location is based at least in part on a characteristic of the remote patroller. 47. The apparatus of claim 46, wherein the characteristic of the remote patroller comprises a distance between a residence of the remote patroller and the remote location. 48. The apparatus of claim 46, wherein the characteristic of the remote patroller comprises a number of times that the remote patroller has previously monitored the remote location. 49. The apparatus of claim 46, wherein the characteristic of the remote patroller comprises a rating of the remote patroller. 50. The apparatus of claim 45, wherein the selecting of the remote location is conducted randomly. 51. The apparatus of claim 45, wherein the selecting of the remote location is based at least in part on a national threat level. 52. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the determining of the remote location, comprises: selecting the monitoring device from a plurality of available monitoring devices; and determining that the remote location is associated with the monitoring device. 53. The apparatus of claim 52, wherein the selecting of the monitoring device is based at least in part on a characteristic of the remote patroller. 54. The apparatus of claim 53, wherein the characteristic of the remote patroller comprises a distance between a residence of the remote patroller and the remote location. 55. The apparatus of claim 53, wherein the characteristic of the remote patroller comprises a number of times that the remote patroller has previously reviewed data from the monitoring device. 56. The apparatus of claim 53, wherein the characteristic of the remote patroller comprises a rating of the remote patroller. 57. The apparatus of claim 52, wherein the selecting of the monitoring device is conducted randomly. 58. The apparatus of claim 52, wherein the selecting of the monitoring device is based at least in part on a national threat level. 59. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the data comprises an image and wherein the providing of the data comprises: creating an altered form of the image by superimposing an object in the image; and providing the altered form of the image to the remote patroller. 60. The apparatus of claim 59, wherein the object comprises a game piece. 61. The apparatus of claim 60, wherein the response comprises an indication of where the game piece is superimposed in the image. 62. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the data comprises an image and wherein the providing of the data comprises: creating an altered form of the image by embedding an object in the image; and providing the altered form of the image to the remote patroller. 63. The apparatus of claim 62, wherein the object comprises a game piece. 64. The apparatus of claim 63, wherein the response comprises an indication of where the game piece is embedded in the image. 65. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the data comprises a plurality of images and wherein the plurality of images are provided to the remote patroller as images associated with reels of a slot machine. 66. The apparatus of claim 65, wherein the response comprises an indication that the images associated with the reels of the slot machine are different. 67. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the providing of the data comprises: actively suppressing the transmission of location specific information to the remote patroller. 68. The apparatus of claim 67, wherein the actively suppressing of the transmission of location specific information comprises: pre-screening the data from the monitoring device; and redacting the data to remove information relevant to identifying the whereabouts of the remote location. 69. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the providing of the data to the remote patroller is triggered by an occurrence of an event at the remote location. 70. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the providing of the data to the remote patroller is triggered by a determination that an image of the remote location does not match a reference image of the remote location. 71. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the receiving of the indication of the response by the remote patroller to the data, comprises: receiving an indication of a binary determination made by the remote patroller. 72. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the receiving of the indication of the response by the remote patroller to the data, comprises: receiving an indication that the remote patroller has initiated an emergency procedure. 73. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the response from the remote patroller comprises a binary indication of whether a security breach is likely to exist at the remote location. 74. The apparatus of claim 71, wherein the binary determination comprises a determination of whether less than two more people are present at the remote location. 75. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the determining of the status of the remote location, comprises: determining that the indication of the response by the remote patroller to the data is indicative of an emergency condition. 76. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the determining of the status of the remote location, comprises: determining that the indication of the response by the remote patroller to the data is not indicative of an emergency condition. 77. The apparatus of claim 76, wherein the stored instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to: determine, based at least in part on the determining that the indication of the response by the remote patroller to the data is not indicative of an emergency condition, another remote location for the remote patroller to monitor; provide data from another monitoring device associated with the other remote location to the remote patroller; receive an indication of a response by the remote patroller to the data from the other monitoring device; and determine, based at least in part on the indication of the response by the remote patroller to the data from the other monitoring device, a status of the other remote location. 78. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the stored instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to: determine, based at least in part on the indication of the response by the remote patroller to the data, a performance of the remote patroller. 79. The apparatus of claim 78, wherein the performance of the remote patroller is determined to be unacceptable, and wherein the stored instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to: place the remote patroller on probation. 80. The apparatus of claim 78, wherein the performance of the remote patroller is determined to be unacceptable, wherein the stored instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to: reducing a rating associated with the remote patroller. 81. The apparatus of claim 78, wherein a type of remote monitoring data provided to the remote patroller is based at least in part on the performance of the remote patroller. 82. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the remote location comprises a location associated with an elderly person to be monitored, and wherein the data comprises one or more images of the remote location. 83. The apparatus of claim 82, wherein the stored instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to: modify the one or more images to conceal the identify of the elderly person. 84. The apparatus of claim 83, wherein the modifying comprises replacing at least a portion of the one or more images that identify the elderly person with one or more substitute images. 85. The apparatus of claim 82, wherein the monitoring is performed by a trained professional. 86. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the remote location comprises a retail establishment, wherein the data comprises one or more images of the retail establishment, and wherein the response is indicative of whether the remote patroller believes a shoplifting event is taking place at the retail establishment. 87. The apparatus of claim 86, wherein the monitoring device comprises a camera located to monitor one or more of: (i) a self-service checkout aisle; (ii) an area underneath a shopping cart; and (iii) an employee back room. 88. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the remote location comprises one or more of (i) a power facility, (ii) a nuclear power facility, (iii) a manufacturing facility, (iv) a chemical plant, (v) a privately-owned water reservoir, (vi) an airport, (vii) a swimming pool, (viii) the inside of a kitchen cabinet, (ix) a liquor cabinet, (x) a day care facility, and (xi) a school. 89. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the remote location comprises a computer system. 90. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the remote patroller comprises a member of the public that is unable to determine the identity of a monitored site via participation in a remote monitoring session. 91. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the monitoring device comprises a camera. 92. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the monitoring device comprises a microphone. 93. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the monitoring device comprises a network pattern software analysis tool. 94. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the monitoring device is mounted to a pole erected at the remote location. 95. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the monitoring device is mounted to a mobile vehicle. 96. The apparatus of claim 95, wherein the mobile vehicle comprises one or more of (i) a patrol car and (ii) an unmanned flying drone. 97. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the monitoring device is supplied with power from an off-grid power source. 98. The apparatus of claim 97, wherein the off-grid power source comprises a solar panel. 99. The apparatus of claim 97, wherein the off-grid power source comprises a high-capacity energy cell. 100. The apparatus of claim 97, wherein the off-grid power source utilizes cellular or satellite communications for networking. 101. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the monitoring device is situated to monitor a no-man zone at the remote location. 102. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the stored instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to: facilitate a conferring regarding the data between the remote patroller and at least one other remote patroller. 103. The apparatus of claim 102, wherein the facilitating comprises initiating one or more instant messaging sessions associated with the data. 104. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the stored instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to: receive an indication of the data from the monitoring device. 105. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the stored instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to: request that the remote patroller provide the indication of the response by the remote patroller to the data. 106. An apparatus, comprising: a processor; and a storage device in communication with the processor and storing instructions adapted to be executed by the processor to: receive data from a remote monitoring device situated in a location; route the data to a plurality of remote patroller; request that each remote patroller of the plurality of remote patrollers provide some indication of whether, based on the data, any emergency is likely to exist at the location; receive, from at least one remote patroller of the plurality of remote patrollers, an indication that an emergency exists at the location; and initiate, based at least in part on the indication that the emergency exists at the location, an action. 107. A computer-readable memory device storing instructions adapted to be executed by a processor to: receive an indication of a request by a remote patroller to initiate a remote monitoring session; determine a remote location for the remote patroller to monitor; provide data from a monitoring device associated with the remote location to the remote patroller; receive an indication of a response by the remote patroller to the data; and determine, based at least in part on the indication of the response by the remote patroller to the data, a status of the remote location. 108. A communications system, comprising: means to transmit, from a device associated with a remote patroller to a server, an indication of a request by the remote patroller to initiate a remote monitoring session; means to transmit, to the remote patroller device, information that facilitates a providing of data from a monitoring device associated with the remote location to the remote patroller; means to transmit, from the remote patroller device to the server, an indication of a response by the remote patroller to the data; and means to transmit an indication of a status of the remote location, wherein the status of the remote location is determined by the server based at least in part on the response by the remote patroller to the data. 