Preferred embodiments of the present invention provide a game table, such as a billiards table, with lights. Preferred embodiments and features provide for lights mounted around the periphery of a game table or mounted on the sides of a game table. The lights may be internally or externally powered from the table. Certain preferred embodiments provide one or more power sources mounted to the game table to power the lights. Other preferred embodiments provide one or more solar panels to recharge the power source(s) mounted to the game table. In some preferred embodiments, the game table includes indirect lighting, such as downward or outward facing lights mounted on the sides or apron of a billiards table. In an alternate preferred embodiment, rope lights are mounted around the periphery of a table.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for providing lighting on a game table comprising: providing a game table for placement on a support surface, the game table including a playing surface, and a peripheral rail surrounding said playing surface, the peripheral rail defining a playing surface side and at least one of a top side, an outside vertical side and a bottom side, wherein said playing surface side borders said playing surface, and wherein said bottom side of the peripheral rail defines an inwardly extending offset distance from said outside vertical side; attaching one or more power sources mounted to said game table; mounting one or more lights along the inwardly extending offset distance from said peripheral rail outside vertical side; orienting the one or more lights to face downward toward the support surface; and powering said one or more lights with said one or more power sources. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising orienting said one or more lights to provide indirect lighting. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein said attaching one or more power sources includes attaching one or more batteries. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein said attaching includes attaching a plurality of independent circuits wherein each circuit includes at least one power source and at least one light. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein said attaching includes attaching a solar panel operable to charge said at least one power source to each said plurality of independent circuits. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein said attaching includes attaching at least one rechargeable power source. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein said attaching includes coupling at least one solar panel to said at least one rechargeable power source. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein said providing includes providing a game table suitable for outdoor use. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein said mounting includes mounting one or more light emitting diodes. 10. The method of claim 1 further comprising attaching a controller configured to automatically switch said one or more lights on or off in response to predetermined conditions. 11. The method of claim 10 further comprising switching said lights on when the ambient light falls below a threshold. 12. The game table of claim 11 further comprising switching said lights off when the ambient light rises above a threshold. 13. The method of claim 11 further comprising switching said lights off a pre-set amount of time after said controller switches said lights on. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein said providing a game table includes providing a game table with a top, an upper apron and a lower apron, wherein said upper apron extends downward from said top and said lower apron is offset horizontally inward from said upper apron and extends vertically downward from said upper apron, and wherein said mounting one or more lights includes mounting one or more lights between said upper apron and said lower apron. 15. A method for providing lighting on a game table comprising: providing a billiards table with a playing surface wherein said playing surface includes a surrounding rail; mounting an upper apron with an outside portion to said rail, said upper apron defining an outside vertical side; mounting a lower apron to said billiards table, with said lower apron having an outside vertical side offset horizontally inward and downward from said upper apron vertical side; and mounting one or more lights behind said upper apron vertical side in the horizontal distance between said lower apron and said upper apron outside portion, with said one or more lights facing downward towards the support surface. 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising mounting a power source to said table and coupling said power source to said lights. 17. The method of claim 16 further comprising recharging said power source. 18. The method of claim 17 further comprising: mounting one or more solar panels to said billiards table; and recharging said power source with said one or more solar panels. 19. The method of claim 18 further comprising: mounting a light sensor and a switch to said billiards table; and turning said lights on when the ambient light falls below a minimum level. 