A venturi tube wind turbine comprising a venturi tube having inlet and outlet openings, opposed side members and a constricted throat section, where two of the opposing side members comprise rotatable endless belts each having mounted thereon a plurality of wind catching vanes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A wind driven electric generator comprising, a pair of coplanar endless loop rotatable belts each having interior and exterior surfaces and each having a driving side and a return side where the driving sides are mutually opposed and spaced apart and where the spacing between the driving sides comprises a converging section with an air flow entrance, a narrow throat section and a diverging section, a plurality of spaced apart wind catching vanes mounted on the exterior surfaces of each of said belts, at least one rotatable electrical generator, and means carried by the interior surface of at least one of said belts for operatively engaging the at least one electrical generator for imparting rotation to the generator. 2. The combination of claim 1 and further including, means mounting the belts for rotation about vertical axes. 3. The combination of claim 2 where the means mounting the belts for rotation includes a vehicle. 4. The combination of claim 3 and further including, at least one electrical storage battery carried by the vehicle, and means interconnecting the battery to the at least one generator. 5. The combination of claim 4 where the vehicle includes at least one engine water cooling radiator disposed adjacent the air flow entrance of the convergent section. 6. The combination of claim 4 and further including, a top cover having an upper surface and disposed over the endless loop belts, a plurality of interconnected photovoltaic cells mounted on the upper surface of the top cover, and electrical connectors interconnecting the photovoltaic cells to the at least one battery. 7. A venturi tube wind turbine comprising, a venturi tube having inlet and outlet openings, opposed side members and a constricted throat section, where two of the opposing side members comprise, rotatable endless belts each having mounted thereon a plurality of wind vanes. 