A portable storage apparatus and docking station employing a solar energy charging system for electronic devices is provided. According to one aspect, a portable storage apparatus can include a docking station coupled to a portion of the portable storage apparatus. The portable storage apparatus can also include a docking interface coupled to the portable storage apparatus to secure the docking station to the portable storage apparatus. The portable storage apparatus can further include a power source operable to couple converted solar energy to the docking station. The power source can be operable to power an electronic device coupled to the docking station. The portable storage apparatus can also include an antenna operable to be coupled to the docking station, and the antenna can extend away from the docking interface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A portable storage apparatus comprising: a docking station operable to support an electronic device, and the docking station comprising a docking interface operable to engage the electronic device and operable to provide a resource generated by the portable storage apparatus to the electronic device for use by the electronic device; an antenna operable to provide a wireless communication signal as a portion of the resource; and a power source operable to provide converted solar energy to the electronic device as a portion the resource, the converted solar energy to power the electronic device. 2. The portable storage apparatus of claim 1, wherein the antenna extends away from the docking interface and along a lining of a housing of the portable storage apparatus. 3. The portable storage apparatus of claim 1, wherein the antenna extends along a portion of a shoulder strap of the portable storage apparatus. 4. The portable storage apparatus of claim 1, wherein the antenna is a satellite radio antenna. 5. The portable storage apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: an input controller operable to provide input control information as the resource, wherein the input control information is operable to control a portion of the electronic device. 6. The portable storage apparatus of claim 5, wherein the input controller is located along a shoulder strap of the portable storage apparatus. 7. The portable storage apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a solar panel integrated as part of the portable storage apparatus, the solar panel provided along an exterior portion of a housing of the portable storage apparatus. 8. The portable storage apparatus of claim 7, further comprising: a rechargeable battery coupled to the solar panel operable to store the converted solar energy prior to being provided to the electronic device as the resource. 9. The portable storage apparatus of claim 1, further comprising the electronic device accessible along an exterior portion of the housing when supported by the docking station. 10. The portable storage apparatus of claim 1, further comprising the electronic device accessible along an interior portion of a housing of the portable storage apparatus when supported by the docking station. 11. The portable storage apparatus of claim 1, wherein the docking interface is aligned with an access panel of the portable storage apparatus to access the resource of the portable storage apparatus. 12. The storage apparatus of claim 11, further comprising the electronic device accessible along an exterior of the portable storage apparatus when placed within the docking station. 13. The storage apparatus of claim 11, further comprising the electronic device accessible along an interior of the portable storage apparatus when placed within the docking station. 14. The storage apparatus of claim 1, wherein the docking station is operable to provide vertical support of the electronic device, and the storage apparatus further comprising a horizontal support mount operable to provide horizontal support of the electronic device. 15. The storage apparatus of claim 14 further comprising: a mounting plate coupled to the docking station and to a housing of the portable storage apparatus; and the horizontal support mount includes a mounting bracket operable to extend over a portion of the electronic device when mounted within the docking station. 16. The portable storage apparatus of claim 1 is a backpack including a pocket, the pocket including the docking station. 17. The portable storage apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a pocket, the pocket including the docking station. 18. A portable storage apparatus comprising: a docking station operable to support an electronic device, and the docking station comprising a docking interface operable to engage the electronic device and operable to provide a resource generated by the portable storage apparatus to the electronic device for use by the electronic device; and a shoulder strap including: a solar panel operable to convert solar energy to electrical energy; an input power port operable to couple converted solar energy of the solar panel to a second electronic device; and an output power port operable to couple the converted solar energy to the docking station as the resource. 