The invention relates to a mounting system consisting of aluminum profiles (1, 11) in which threaded sliding blocks (14) inserted in the profiles are used, in particular, for fastening to solar modules and roof supports. The mounting system comprises at least two spaced apart profiled mounting rails (1) respectively with a support (2) limiting the profile height (7) and a connection (3) below the support (2) for the roof mounting. Threaded sliding blocks (14) are inserted in a form-fitting manner in each profiled mounting rail (1) for fastening the connection with the solar modules and the roof mounts. The profiled mounting rail has additional connecting profiles (4, 5, 6), arranged on the side or on the side and bottom, for engagement with complementary connecting profiles (8, 9, 10) of a profiled connecting rail (11). The profiled mounting rail (1) can be extended by sliding shaped pieces (13) with the profile of the profiled mounting rail (1) onto the profiled connecting rail (11).
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A mounting system for fastening solar modules to a mounting surface, comprising: (a) at least two spaced apart, profiled mounting rails, each mounting rail having: a support defining the height of the mounting rail profile; a connector below the support for mounting the rail to the mounting surface; threaded sliding blocks, engaging the profiled mounting rail in a form-fitting manner, wherein at least one threaded sliding block is for fastening the mounting rails to the solar modules and at least one threaded sliding block is for fastening the mounting rails to the mounting surface; and mounting rail connecting profiles arranged laterally on the profiled mounting rail, (b) at least two profiled connecting rails, each connecting rail having: connecting rail connecting profiles for engaging the mounting rail connecting profiles to generate a form-fitting connection at least at two points between the profiled mounting rail and the profiled connecting rail after engagement of the respective connecting profiles and to establish a force-fitting connection; wherein the mechanical load capacity of the profiled connecting rail is approximately that or the same as that of the profiled mounting rail; and c) wherein a first connecting profile of the profiled mounting rails and a second connecting profile of the profiled connecting rails form a telescopic profile pair; and (d) wherein the first connecting profiles of the telescopic profile pair each consist of a U-shaped section, with legs having bent ends that are bent inward on one of the connecting profiles and outwardly on the other one of the telescopic profile pairs. 2. The mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the profiled connecting rail has an upper planar surface abutting with, and forming a coplanar surface with, the upper edges of the profiled mounting rail after the form-fitting connection has been made. 3. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the legs have angles of bending of about 90.degree.. 4. The mounting system according to claim 1, wherein a second connecting profile of the profiled mounting rail and a second connecting profile of the profiled connecting rail form a telescopic profile pair, wherein one of the second connecting profiles has a lip-shape and the other has a peg-shape. 5. The mounting system according to claim 1, wherein a third connecting profile of the profiled mounting rail and a third connecting profile of the profiled connecting rail each form flat bearing surfaces which are in contact after engagement of the rails and the establishment of a force-fit connection. 6. The mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the force-fit connection between the profiled mounting rail and the profiled connecting rail is formed by a threaded fastener guided through the profiled connecting rail in a region of a fourth connecting profile, for forcing again the profiled mounting rail. 7. The mounting system according to claim 6, wherein the profiled connecting rail is in the form of a box or hollow section, except for the region of the fourth connecting profile. 8. The mounting system according to claim 6, wherein the connecting rail further comprises a tapped bore for the fastener, to establish the force-fit connection. 9. The mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the profiled mounting rail further comprises retaining flanges, wherein each threaded sliding block is connected in a force-fitting manner to the profiled mounting rail between two approximately vertical retaining flanges, wherein said approximately vertical retaining flanges are arranged essentially spaced apart and parallel to a tapped bore in the threaded sliding block, wherein one of said approximately vertical flanges has a terminal lip which projects around the threaded sliding block, for laterally limiting upward movement of the arranged threaded sliding block, and wherein each threaded sliding block is further supported by at least two supporting flanges on the profiled mounting rail, one flange of which extends in a form-fitting manner into the threaded sliding block for preventing the threaded sliding block moving away from the flange. 10. The mounting system according to claim 9, wherein one of the two supporting flanges extends in between and essentially parallel to the approximately vertical flanges, in longitudinal direction of the profiled mounting rail, and wherein the other of the two supporting flanges is a bearing surface for the threaded sliding block extending at an approximately right angle to one of the two approximately vertical flanges. 11. The mounting system according to claim 9, wherein a profile portion of the mounting rail including the retaining and supporting flanges is provided twice in the mounting rail at two different orientations, rotated to one another, for respectively accepting a separate threaded sliding block. 12. The mounting system of claim 11, wherein the profile portion of the mounting rail including the retaining and supporting flanges is provided twice in the mounting rail, rotated at 90 .degree.to one another. 13. The mounting system according to claim 9 wherein the threaded sliding block has an L-shaped cross-section with a long leg and a short leg. 14. The mounting system according to claim 13, wherein the tapped bore penetrates the long leg and the shorter leg has a recess for establishing the connection with one of the two additional flanges. 15. The mounting system according to claim 13, wherein the long leg of the L-section is reinforced in the area of the tapped bore, for preventing stripping of the thread under load. 16. The mounting system according to claim 9, wherein one of the two additional flanges has a profiled projection on the side pointing to the axis of the tapped bore, for engaging the thread of a bolt received in the tapped bore, the projection being deformable by the bold. 17. The mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the mounting rail is 2.95 m or 6 m. 