An outboard propulsion system is disclosed. In some embodiments, the outboard propulsion system includes a generator operable to produce a first electrical signal, an engine electrically coupled to the generator, an inverter electrically coupled with the generator to receive the first electrical signal, wherein the inverter is adapted to transform the first electrical signal into a second electrical signal, all electric motor electrically coupled to the inverter to receive the second electric signal, a shaft mechanically coupled to the electric motor and rotatable by the electric motor when the electric motor receives the second signal, and a thrust generation device mechanically coupled to the shaft. The engine is configured to operate the generator. The thrust generation device is adapted to rotate when the shaft rotates.
Claims I claim: 1. An outboard propulsion system for a boat comprising: a generator operable to produce a first electrical signal; an engine electrically coupled to the generator, the engine configured to operate the generator; an inverter electrically coupled to the generator to receive the first electrical signal, the inverter adapted to transform the first electrical signal into a second electrical signal; an electric motor electrically coupled to the inverter to receive the second electric signal; a shaft mechanically coupled to the electric motor and rotatable by the electric motor when the electric motor receives the second signal; and a thrust generation device mechanically coupled to the shaft, the thrust generation device adapted to rotate when the shaft rotates. 2. The outboard propulsion system of claim 1, further comprising an electrical power source electrically coupled to the inverter and configured to produce the first electrical signal. 3. The outboard propulsion system of claim 2, wherein the electrical power source is at least one of a group consisting of a battery, a solar panel, and a fuel cell. 4. The outboard propulsion system of claim 3, wherein the thrust generation device is rotatable to rotate the shaft, whereby the electric motor delivers a third electric signal to the inverter, wherein the inverter is further configured to transform the third electric signal to a fourth electrical signal delivered to and stored by the electrical power source. 5. The outboard propulsion system of claim 1, wherein the first electrical signal is a first AC current and wherein the inverter is configured to transform the first AC current to a DC current and to transform the DC current to a second AC current. 6. The outboard propulsion system of claim 5, wherein the inverter comprises a rectifying bridge configured to convert AC current to DC current and a plurality of capacitors. 7. The outboard propulsion system of claim 1, wherein the thrust generation device is a propeller. 8. The outboard propulsion system of claim 1, further comprising a data acquisition system configured to monitor operating parameters of the electric motor and to receive input from an operator of the boat. 9. The outboard propulsion system of claim 8, further comprising a control unit configured to receive data from the data acquisition system and the input from the operator and to generate a command based on the data and the input that is delivered to the inverter to change the second electric signal. 10. The outboard propulsion system of claim 1, further comprising a first gear and a second gear each mechanically coupled between the shaft and the thrust generation device, wherein the first and second gears having a one-to-one gear reduction. 