A utility meter adapter plugs between a utility meter and its meter socket to provide a power pigtail suitable for a solar electric system to backfeed power to the utility. A round plastic base has several connector jaw blades underneath positioned like a meter to fit in a meter socket and its jaw sockets. A corresponding set of jaw sockets is provided for the jaw blades on the meter to plug into the topside. The jaw sockets in the adapter on the load side of the meter are pigtailed to terminal lugs with a conduit access. A solar electric system backfeed can be run through conduit tubing to the terminal lugs on top of any flush walls, thus avoiding any disturbances to the pre-existing walls and service panels.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A supply side backfeed meter socket adapter, comprising: a round cylindrical body sized to fit a standard utility power meter, and having top and bottom flanges for retainers to secure the adapter to said utility power meter and a service panel; a set of socket jaws in a topside of the body for connection to said utility power meter, and a corresponding set of jaw blades in a bottom of the body for connection to said service panel; a wire termination connected to a load side of the socket jaws and jaw blades; an access through the side of the body for the connection of electrical equipment not serviced by said service panel; a solar electric mains panel mounted on a wall surface next to said service panel; and a backfeed connected from said solar electric mains panel through a surface mounted conduit to the side of the round cylindrical body. 2. The adapter of claim 1, further comprising: a terminal block disposed inside the body and providing for wiring lugs to connect to the wire termination. 3. The adapter of claim 2, further comprising: a neutral pigtail connected to the terminal block and providing for a neutral connection through the access to said electrical equipment not serviced by said service panel. 4. The adapter of claim 1, further comprising: at least one conduit fitting hole included in the access. 5. The adapter of claim 1, further comprising: mounting at least one wire-pull conduit fitting to the side of the body. 6. The adapter of claim 1, further comprising: alignment bosses disposed on said bottom side for guiding and positioning the adapter in the service panel. 7. The adapter of claim 1, further comprising: a neutral pigtail connected to the terminal block and providing a neutral connection through said bottom side and into said service panel. 8. The adapter of claim 1, further comprising: a power connection through the access for at least one of a fuse-type or a circuit-breaker type AC disconnect with industry standardized electrical fittings. 9. A method for installing a utility backfeed in a pre-existing electrical service panel, comprising: inserting an adapter between an electrical utility power meter and a service distribution panel; providing the wiring of additional electrical equipment in through the sides of said adapter to the electrical load-side of said electrical utility power meter, wherein said additional electrical equipment can be added without disturbances or extra loads to said service distribution panel; mounting a solar electric mains panel on a wall surface next to said service distribution panel; and connecting a backfeed from said solar electric mains panel through a surface mounted conduit to the side of said adapter. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising: installing a neutral wiring lug inside said adapter for use by said additional electrical equipment; and pig-tailing a wire from said neutral wiring lug down through said adapter for a neutral connection inside said service distribution panel. 11. A meter-socket adapter system, comprising: a body sized to fit a standard utility power meter, and having a set of socket jaws in a topside of the body for connection to said utility power meter, and a corresponding set of jaw blades in a bottom side of the body for load connection to a service panel; a wire termination connected to a load side of the socket jaws and jaw blades; an access through the side of the body for the connection of electrical equipment not serviced by said service panel; a power connection through the access for a remote for an electrical vehicle charging station; a solar electric mains panel mounted on a wall surface next to said service panel; and a backfeed connected from said solar electric mains panel through a surface mounted conduit to the side of the body. 12. The system of claim 11, further comprising: a power connection through the access for a remote demand monitoring, and PV generation monitoring system. 