Methods and devices are provided for reducing wasted space and capacity in solar module assemblies. In one embodiment, the method comprises mounting a plurality of modules onto at least one support rail to define a solar assembly segment wherein the solar assembly segment has a length of no more than about half the interior length of the shipping container used to ship the segment. The solar modules each have a weight less than about 20 kg and a length between about 1660 mm and about 1666 mm, and a width between about 700 mm and about 706 mm. In one embodiment, the length of the solar modules is limited by the longest support beam that may fit in a shipping container, which in one example is about 11,720 mm. The modules are also limited so that they can be limited to weighing no more than about 20 kg. In one embodiment, the module may be sized to provide at least 80 watts of power at AM 1.5 G. In another embodiment, the module may be sized to provide at least 90 watts of power at AM 1.5 G. In another embodiment, the module may be sized to provide at least 100 watts of power at AM 1.5 G. In another embodiment, the module may be sized to provide at least 110 watts of power at AM 1.5 G.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of packaging solar modules comprising: providing an elongate shipping container having an interior length, an interior width, and an interior height, wherein the interior length is the longest dimension; making a solar assembly segment by mounting a plurality of solar modules onto at least one support rail; making a plurality of said solar assembly segments; and placing said plurality of solar assembly segments into the shipping container, wherein each of the plurality of solar assembly segments has a length of no more than about half the interior length of the shipping container; wherein the solar modules each have a weight of less than about 20 kg and a length of no more than about 1666 mm, and a width of no more than about 706 mm. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the shipping container has an interior length of at least about 11,820 mm. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the shipping container has an interior length of no more than about 12,060 mm. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein each solar assembly segment comprises seven of the solar modules. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein each of the solar assembly segments has a length of about 5000 mm. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein each solar module includes 96 solar cells. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein each solar module includes 48 solar cells. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein each solar module provides at least 100 W of power at AM 1.5 G exposure. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein each solar module provides at least about 5 amp of current and at least about 21 volts of voltage at AM 1.5 G exposure. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein each of the solar modules comprises thin-film solar cells. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein each of the solar modules comprises solar cells based on a metal substrate. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein the substrate is an elongate planar member that can be wound and unwound from a rolled configuration. 13. The method of claim 1 wherein each of the solar modules are glass-glass modules having a glass top sheet and a glass bottom sheet. 14. The method of claim 1 wherein each of the solar modules are glass-glass modules having a top sheet of solar glass and a bottom sheet of tempered glass. 