An electrical connector assembly including a mounting ring having an interior region, a sealing surface at one axial end for securing to a surface, and a securement rim at an opposite axial end. A connector body having engagement surfaces can engage and seal to the mounting ring. The connector body can include electrical terminals extending into the interior region of the mounting ring for engaging mating electrical terminals.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electrical connector assembly comprising: an electrical connector body having a closed outer perimeter with linear sections, and an upper surface and a bottom side bounded by the outer perimeter, the bottom side being continuously planar and opposite to the upper surface; multiple female electrical terminals with circular resilient sockets contained within the body, the circular resilient sockets being positioned within a continuously planar electrical engagement face of the body formed by the continuously planar bottom side of the body, the electrical engagement face forming a planar sealing surface surrounding the circular resilient sockets; and a solar panel having an electrical connection region with a planar mounting surface and protruding circular male terminals for engagement with the circular resilient sockets of the female electrical terminals, said continuously planar bottom side of the body for engaging the planar mounting surface of the solar panel in planar surface engagement for providing planar surface sealing therebetween, and around the circular resilient sockets and the circular male terminals. 2. The assembly of claim 1 further comprising an adhesive layer on the planar sealing surface. 3. The assembly of claim 2 in which the female electrical terminals are electrically connected in electrical circuitry including bypass circuitry. 4. The assembly of claim 3 in which the electrical circuitry includes diodes. 5. The assembly of claim 3 in which the electrical terminals are electrically connected to a circuit board containing the electrical circuitry. 6. The assembly of claim 3 further comprising a removable cover for providing access to the electrical circuitry. 7. The assembly of claim 1 further comprising electrical cables electrically connected to the electrical terminals and extending from the connector body. 8. The assembly of claim 1 in which the solar panel includes laminating material, the connector body being positioned within a hole in the laminating material for engaging the circular male terminals, the circular male terminals being located at a bottom of the hole. 9. A method of forming an electrical connection with an electrical connector assembly comprising: containing multiple female electrical terminals with circular resilient sockets within an electrical connector body having a closed outer perimeter with linear sections, and an upper surface and a bottom side bounded by the outer perimeter, the bottom side being continuously planar and opposite to the upper surface, the circular resilient sockets being positioned within a continuously planar electrical engagement face of the body formed by the continuously planar bottom side of the body, the electrical engagement face forming a planar sealing surface surrounding the circular resilient sockets; and electrically connecting the electrical connector body to a solar panel having an electrical connection region with a planar mounting surface from which mating circular male terminals protrude by electrically engaging the circular resilient sockets with the mating circular male terminals, said continuously planar bottom side of the body engaging the planar mounting surface of the solar panel in planar surface engagement for providing planar surface sealing therebetween, and around the circular resilient sockets and the circular male terminals. 10. The method of claim 9 further comprising securing the electrical engagement face with an adhesive layer on the planar sealing surface. 11. The method of claim 10 further comprising electrically connecting the female electrical terminals in electrical circuitry including bypass circuitry. 12. The method of claim 11 further comprising providing the electrical circuitry with diodes. 13. The method of claim 11 further comprising electrically connecting the female electrical terminals to a circuit board containing the electrical circuitry. 14. The method of claim 11 further comprising providing access to the electrical circuitry with a removable cover. 15. The method of claim 9 further comprising electrically connecting the female electrical terminals to electrical cables extending from the connector body. 16. The method of claim 9 in which the solar panel includes laminating material, the method further comprising positioning the connector body within a hole in the laminating material for engaging the circular male terminals, the circular male terminals being located at a bottom of the hole. 