Highly efficient ventilation fans for exhausting air out from underneath roofs, and for being portable in use and application. The fan can include optimized airflow blades having a twisted configuration that can move at a rotational speed operation of up to approximately 500 rpm. The approximately 15 inch diameter twisted blades can be premolded on a hub that together form a single molded unit of plastic. They can also be fabricated using metal. The unit can be mounted in an exhaust outlet having a conical diffuser on or adjacent to a roof. Alternatively, the fan can be portable for use most anywhere there is a need for ventilation and moving of air. The blades can rotate by a solar powered motor, where the blades and motor can generate up to approximately 1040 cfm while using no more than approximately 16 Watts.
Claims We claim: 1. A method of operating a portable ventilation fan comprising the steps of: providing aerodynamic twisted blades attached to a fan motor in a housing, the housing having a left portion and a top portion and a right portion and a bottom portion; providing a telescoping pole with an upper pole member and a lower pole member; mounting an upper end of the upper pole member to a middle of the bottom portion of the housing; supporting a bottom end of the telescoping pole with a base member having a pair of wheels; mounting a handle on the upper pole member underneath and separate from the fan housing; moving the fan by tilting the telescoping pole with the portable fan housing onto the wheels by pulling back on the handle; adjusting height of the fan housing with the telescoping pole by sliding the upper pole member and the lower pole member relative to one another; providing a handtruck with a lower front extending ledge and upright vertical supports; providing a fixed handle attached directly to the vertical supports of the handtruck, the fixed handle protruding rearwardly at a fixed tilted angle relative to the upright vertical supports; attaching, a photovoltaic panel onto the fixed handle, so that the photovoltaic panel is supported at a fixed angle on the handtruck; supporting a battery on the lower ledge of the handtruck and attaching the battery to the photovoltaic panel; charging the battery by solar energy through the photovoltaic panel; running the motor in the portable fan housing by electrical power through an electrical cord attached to both the battery and the portable fan motor; rotating the aerodynamic twisted blades by the running motor. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising the steps of: powering the fan by a brush-less DC motor as the fan motor; providing a 30 Watt PV panel as the photovoltaic panel; drawing approximately 1.4 amps at approximately 11 volts with approximately 15 Watts at full speed; and drawing approximately 5 Watts at a half speed. 3. A portable solar powered fan comprising in combination: a housing for supporting fan blades and a motor, the housing having vented openings for allowing air to enter and exit the housing, the housing having an upper portion and a left portion and a right portion and a bottom portion the fan blades being non-planar; a single telescoping height adjustable pole having an upper pole member with an upper end mounted to a middle of the bottom portion of the fan housing in an upright position, and a lower pole member with a lower end, the telescoping pole being adjustable between different heights by sliding the upper pole member and the lower pole member relative to one another; a base member attached to the lower end of the lower pole member, the base member having at least two wheels; a handle attached to the upper pole member of the single telescoping pole underneath and separate from the fan housing; a solar power source having a photovoltaic panel, for providing electrical power to operate the fan; a wheeled cart for supporting the solar power source; and a flexible elongated power cord having one end attached to the motor of the fan, and another end attached to the solar power source. 4. The portable fan of claim 3, wherein the wheeled cart includes: a handtruck having a lower front extending ledge and upright vertical supports, and a fixed handle attached directly to the vertical supports of the handtruck, the fixed handle protruding rearwardly at a fixed tilted angle relative to the upright vertical supports; and a mount for attaching, the photovoltaic panel onto the fixed handle, so that the photovoltaic panel is supported at a fixed angle on the handtruck. 5. The portable fan of claim 4, further comprising: a battery supported on the lower ledge of the handtruck, the battery being charged by the solar power source. 6. The portable fan of claim 3, wherein the fan blades include: a plurality of twisted blades, each blade having a continuous positive twist between a root end and a tip end. 7. The portable fan of claim 3, wherein the motor includes a brush-less DC motor, the photovoltaic panel is a 30 Watt PV panel, the fan draws approximately 1.4 amps at approximately 11 volts with approximately 15 Watts at full speed. 8. The portable fan of claim 7, wherein the fan draws approximately 5 Watts at a half speed. 9. A portable solar powered fan comprising in combination: a housing for supporting fan blades and a motor, the housing having vented openings for allowing air to enter and exit the housing, the housing having an upper portion and a left portion and a right portion and a bottom portion; an elongated stand having a base with a pair of wheels and an upper end attached to the fan housing; a handle attached to an upper portion of the stand underneath and separate from the fan housing; a photovoltaic panel for converting solar power to electrical power in order to operate the fan motor; a handtruck with a pair of wheels at a lower rear end and a lower front extending ledge, the handtruck having upright vertical supports and a fixed handle attached directly to the vertical supports of the handtruck, the fixed handle protruding rearwardly at a fixed tilted angle relative to the upright vertical supports; and a mount for attaching, the photovoltaic panel onto the fixed handle, so that the photovoltaic panel is supported at a fixed angle on the handtruck; and a flexible elongated power cord having one end attached to the motor of the fan, and another end attached to the photovoltaic panel. 10. The solar powered portable fan of claim 9, wherein the stand includes: a single telescoping height adjustable pole having an upper pole member with an upper end mounted to a middle of the bottom portion of the fan housing in an upright position, and a lower pole member with a lower end, the telescoping pole being adjustable between different heights by sliding the upper pole member and the lower pole member relative to one another; and a base member attached to the lower end of the single telescoping pole, the base member having at least two wheels. 11. The portable fan of claim 9, further comprising: a battery supported on the lower ledge of the handtruck, the battery being charged by the solar power source. 12. The portable fan of claim 9, wherein the fan blades include: a plurality of twisted blades, each blade having a continuous positive twist between a root end and a tip end. 13. The portable fan of claim 9, wherein the motor includes a brush-less DC motor, the photovoltaic panel is a 30 Watt PV panel, the fan draws approximately 1.4 amps at approximately 11 volts with approximately 15 Watts at full speed. 14. The portable fan of claim 13, wherein the fan draws approximately 5 Watts at a half speed. 