Electronic steam trap monitoring is disclosed. An electronic steam trap monitor is operably coupled to an outlet of a steam trap and is configured to measure at least one process variable of fluid (liquid or gas) flowing through the trap, when the trap is known to be working normally. The steam trap monitor stores the process variable information obtained during the known operating condition for later comparison. The steam trap monitor obtains a later process variable measurement and compares it to the stored measurement to selectively generate a leakage indication. The steam trap monitor preferably uses a local power source and communicates wirelessly.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electronic steam trap monitor comprising: a power storage device configured to power the electronic steam trap monitor; an electrical generator coupled to the power storage device; a first temperature sensor disposed to measure a first temperature of a fluid released from the stream trap; a second temperature sensor configured to measure an external temperature of the steam trap; first measurement circuitry coupled to the first and second temperature sensors to provide a first representation of the temperature of the fluid released from the trap and an external temperature of the steam trap; signal processing circuitry operably coupled to the measurement circuitry to receive the first representation of the process variable; and wherein the signal processing circuitry is configured to store reference information relative to the first representation obtained during known non-leaking operation, and wherein the signal processing circuitry compares subsequently obtained temperature information with the reference information to selectively generate a steam trap leakage indication; and wherein the electronic steam trap monitor is mounted proximate an outlet of the steam trap. 2. The electronic steam trap monitor of claim 1, and further comprising a casing, housing the power storage device, the first temperature sensor, the measurement circuitry and the signal processing circuitry, wherein the casing is thermally coupleable to the steam trap, but wherein the first temperature sensor is thermally isolated from the casing. 3. The electronic steam trap monitor of claim 1, wherein the power storage device is a battery. 4. The electronic steam trap monitor of claim 1, wherein the generator is a solar generator. 5. The electronic steam trap monitor of claim 1, wherein the generator is a thermal generator. 6. The electronic steam trap monitor of claim 5, wherein the thermal generator is coupled to a steam pipe. 7. The electronic steam trap monitor of claim 1, wherein a reference temperature difference, obtained during non-leaking operation, between the first and second temperature sensors is stored, and wherein the signal processing circuitry is configured to compare a later temperature difference with the reference temperature difference to generate the leakage indication. 8. The electronic steam trap monitor of claim 1, and further comprising an LCD display coupled to the steam trap monitor, and wherein the leakage indication is provided by the LCD display. 9. The electronic steam trap monitor of claim 1, wherein the signal processing circuitry is communicatively coupled to the first measurement circuitry, but electrically isolated therefrom. 10. The electronic steam trap monitor of claim 1, and further comprising a wireless communication module coupled to the signal processing circuitry and configured to generate a wireless signal based on information received from the signal processing circuitry. 11. The electronic steam trap monitor of claim 10, wherein the wireless communication module is configured to receive wireless communication signals and provide information to the signal processing circuitry based on the received wireless communication signals. 12. The electronic steam trap monitor of claim 1, wherein the measurement circuitry is configured to couple to a plurality of process variable sensors and generate digital information relative to each process variable sensor. 13. The electronic steam trap monitor of claim 1, and further comprising second measurement circuitry operably coupled to at least one process variable sensor and to the first measurement circuitry. 14. The electronic steam trap monitor of claim 13, wherein at least one of the first and second measurement circuitry is coupled to a pressure sensor. 15. The electronic steam trap monitor of claim 14, wherein the pressure sensor is a capacitive pressure sensor. 16. The electronic steam trap monitor of claim 14, wherein at least one of the first and second measurement circuitry includes a capacitance-to-digital converter. 