A wall cladding panel for the outside wall of a building having a solar generator and a frame which surrounds the panel. To produce a wall cladding panel which can be easily produced and installed, it is provided that the frame is made as an injected or foamed plastic frame (12, 17) into which elements (11A, 15A) for attachment of the wall cladding panel (7, 8) are integrated.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A wall cladding panel for an outside wall of a building, comprising: a solar generator, a glass pane which lies on an outer side of the wall cladding panel, a frame which surrounds the solar generator and the glass pane, wherein the frame is an injected or foamed plastic frame into which means for attachment of the wall cladding panel are integrated, wherein stiffening profiles are integrated into the plastic frames, and wherein the plastic frame, in an edge area, on opposing sides, has elements which are complementarily shaped relative to one another for form-fitting interlocking or overlapping engagement adjoining edges of adjacent wall cladding panels. 2. The wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein the means for attachment are provided on the stiffening profiles. 3. The wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein the means for attachment are support angles for engagement on a fixing profile which, in an installed state of the panel, is connected to the outside wall of the building. 4. The wall cladding panel as claimed in one of claims 1, wherein the means for attachment are made as holes which are used for passage of fastening screws. 5. The wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar generator comprises crystalline solar cells for mounting, in an installed state, on a closed area of the outside wall of the building. 6. The wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar generator comprises transparent solar cells for mounting, in an installed state, on a windowed area of the outside wall of the building. 7. The wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 6, wherein a glass pane overlies the solar cells at an outer side thereof, and wherein the glass pane surrounded by the plastic frame. 8. The cladding panel as claimed in claim 7, wherein the solar generator comprises crystalline solar cells for mounting, in an installed state, on a closed area of the outside wall of the building. 9. The cladding panel as claimed in claim 7, wherein the solar generator comprises transparent solar cells for mounting, in an installed state, on a windowed area of the outside wall of the building. 10. The wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein means for making electrical contact between the solar generator and a socket of an electrical conductor which is located on the outside wall of the building are integrated into the plastic frame. 11. The wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 10, wherein means for making electrical contact between solar cells of the solar generator are integrated into the plastic frame. 12. The wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 11, wherein the panel has a smooth outer surface. 13. The wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein means for making electrical contact between solar cells of the solar generator are integrated into the plastic frame. 14. A wall cladding panel assembly formed of a plurality of wall cladding panels, each wall cladding panel comprising: a solar generator, a glass pane which lies on an outer side of the wall cladding panel, a frame which surrounds the solar generator and the glass pane, wherein the frame is an injected or foamed plastic frame into which means for attachment of the wall cladding panel are integrated, wherein stiffening profiles are integrated into the plastic frame, and wherein the plastic frame, in an edge area, on opposing sides, has elements which are complementarily shaped relative to one another enabling form-fitting interlocking or overlapping engagement of adjoining edges of the frames of adjacent wall cladding panels. 