A bulk-doped semiconductor that is at least one of the following: a single crystal, an elongated and bulk-doped semiconductor that, at any point along its longitudinal is, axis, has a largest cross-sectional dimension less than 500 nanometers, and a free-standing and bulk-doped semiconductor with at least one portion having a smallest width of less than 500 nanometers. At least one portion of such a semiconductor may a smallest width of less than 200 nanometers, or less than 150 nanometers, or less than 100 nanometers, or less than 80 nanometers, or less than 70 nanometers, or less than 60 nanometers, or less than 40 nanometers, or less than 20 nanometers, or less than 10 nanometers, or even less an 5 nanometers. Such a semiconductor may be doped during growth. Such a semiconductor may be part of a device, which may include any of a variety of devices and combinations thereof, and a variety assembling techniques may be used to fabricate devices from such a semiconductor.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst particles having a variation in diameter of less than about 20% and being selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising controlling the lengths of the population of semiconductor nanowires. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of the semiconductor nanowires has at least one portion having a smallest width of less than 20 nanometers. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of the semiconductor nanowires has at least one portion having a smallest width of less than 10 nanometers. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of the semiconductor nanowires has at least one portion having a smallest width of less than 5 nanometers. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the catalyst particles are size-selected by dilution. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the catalyst particles are made by a process of laser ablating a solid target to generate the catalyst particles. 8. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires and doping the population of semiconductor nanowires while growing the semiconductor nanowires to produce a population of doped semiconductor nanowires, each of the semiconductor nanowires having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, wherein the act of growing comprises growing the population of semiconductor nanowires catalytically from catalyst particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising adding one or more other materials to a surface of at least some of the doped semiconductor nanowires. 10. The method of claim 9, comprising adding said one or more other materials to form a shell around the at least some of the doped semiconductor nanowires. 11. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires using laser-assisted catalytic growth, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%. 12. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%; contacting a solution comprising the one or more semiconductor nanowires to a surface to deposit the one or more semiconductor nanowires on the surface; and orienting said one or more semiconductor nanowires using an electric field to align the one or more semiconductor nanowires on the surface. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the surface is a surface of a substrate. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein said aligning comprises generating an electric field between at least two electrodes, and positioning the one or more semiconductor nanowires between the electrodes. 15. The method of claim 12, further comprising orienting said one or more semiconductor nanowires using a fluid flow. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein said orienting said one or more semiconductor nanowires using a fluid flow comprises flowing a fluid that comprises the one or more semiconductor nanowires onto the surface. 17. The method of claim 12, wherein the catalyst particles are made by a process of laser ablating a solid target to generate the catalyst particles. 18. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%; contacting a solution comprising the one or more semiconductor nanowires to a surface to deposit the one or more semiconductor nanowires on the surface; and orienting the one or more semiconductor nanowires by applying a mechanical tool to align the one or more semiconductor nanowires on the surface. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the catalyst particles are made by a process of laser ablating a solid target to generate the catalyst particles. 20. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%; functionalizing a surface with one or more functional groups which have an affinity for the semiconductor nanowires to condition the surface to attach the one or more semiconductor nanowires to the surface; and depositing one or more semiconductor nanowires on the surface. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein said conditioning comprises patterning the surface. 22. The method of claim 20, wherein the one or more functional groups comprises one or more alkyloxysilane groups. 23. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%; and depositing the semiconductor nanowires on a surface to form a field-effect transistor. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the catalyst particles are made by a process of laser ablating a solid target to generate the catalyst particles. 25. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%; and depositing the semiconductor nanowires on a surface to form a device comprising one or more than one of a switch, a diode, a light-emitting diode, a tunnel diode, a Schottky diode, a Bipolar Junction Transistor, an inverter, an optical sensor, a sensor for an analyte, a memory device, a laser, a logic gate, a latch, a register, an amplifier, a signal processor, a digital or analog circuit, a light emission source, a photodiode, a phototransistor, a photovoltaic device, or combinations thereof. 26. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%, wherein at least some of the catalyst particles comprises gold. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein at least some of the catalyst particles each further comprises one or more than one of Ag, Cu, Zn, Cd, Fe, Ni, Co or mixtures thereof. 28. A method, comprising: making a semiconductor nanowire junction by crossing at least one p-type semiconductor nanowire with at least one n-type semiconductor nanowire, wherein one or both of the p-type semiconductor nanowire and the n-type semiconductor nanowire are chosen from a population of semiconductor nanowires grown according to a method comprising growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%. 29. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%, wherein the population of semiconductor nanowires have a variation in diameter of less than about 10%. 30. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst particles pre-selected to minimize aggregation and to have substantially uniform size selected such that at least four of the semiconductor nanowires have a variation in diameter of less than 20%, wherein the grown semiconductor nanowires have a variation in diameter of less than about 10%. 31. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst particles pre-selected to minimize aggregation and to have substantially uniform size selected such that at least four of the semiconductor nanowires have a variation in diameter of less than 20%, wherein the catalyst particles are pre-selected by dilution. 32. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, from size-selected catalyst particles, wherein the catalyst particles are size-selected to have a variation in diameter of less than about 20%. 33. The method of claim 32, wherein the catalyst particles are size-selected to have a variation in diameter of less than about 10%. 34. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, from size-selected catalyst particles, wherein the catalyst particles are size-selected by dilution. 35. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires using laser-assisted catalytic growth, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, from size-selected catalyst particles. 36. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst particles selected such that the population of semiconductor nanowires produced according to the method has a variation in diameter of less than 20%. 37. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers; contacting a solution comprising the one or more semiconductor nanowires to a surface to deposit the one or more semiconductor nanowires on the surface; and orienting said one or more semiconductor nanowires using an electric field to align the one or more semiconductor nanowires on the surface. 38. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers; contacting a solution comprising the one or more semiconductor nanowires to a surface to deposit the one or more semiconductor nanowires on the surface; and orienting the one or more semiconductor nanowires by applying a mechanical tool to align the one or more semiconductor nanowires on the surface. 39. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers; functionalizing a surface with one or more functional groups which have an affinity for the semiconductor nanowires to condition the surface to attach the one or more semiconductor nanowires to the surface; and depositing one or more semiconductor nanowires on the surface. 40. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers; and depositing the semiconductor nanowires on a surface to form a field-effect transistor. 41. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers; and depositing the semiconductor nanowires on a surface to form a device comprising one or more than one of a switch, a diode, a light-emitting diode, a tunnel diode, a Schottky diode, a Bipolar Junction Transistor, an inverter, an optical sensor, a sensor for an analyte, a memory device, a laser, a logic gate, a latch, a register, an amplifier, a signal processor, a digital or analog circuit, a light emission source, a photodiode, a phototransistor, a photovoltaic device, or combinations thereof. 42. A method, comprising: growing a population of semiconductor nanowires, each having at least one portion having a smallest width less than 500 nanometers, catalytically from catalyst particles, wherein the population of semiconductor nanowires have a variation in diameter of less than about 10%. 43. An article comprising a plurality of electrical components each comprising first and second electrodes and a semiconductor nanoscale wire electrically coupling the first and second electrodes, wherein each of the nanoscale wires of the article comprises at least one portion having a smallest width of less than 500 nanometers, wherein each of the nanoscale wires of the article is taken from a population of nanoscale wires having a variation in average diameter of less than 20% relative to each other, the population of nanoscale wires being grown catalytically from a population of catalyst particles, and wherein at least a portion of at least some of the nanoscale wires are doped during growth of the nanoscale wire from the catalyst particle. 44. The article of claim 43, wherein at least one of the electrical components is a field effect transistor. 45. The article of claim 43, wherein the semiconductor nanoscale wire is a non-nanotube semiconductor nanoscale wire. 46. The article of claim 43, wherein the diameter of each of the nanoscale wires is determined by the diameter of the catalyst particle from which the nanoscale wire is grown. 47. The article of claim 43, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article comprises at least one portion having a smallest width of less than 20 nanometers. 48. The article of claim 43, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article comprises at least one portion having a smallest width of less than 10 nanometers. 49. The article of claim 43, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article has an aspect ratio of length to thickness of at least about 10:1. 50. The article of claim 43, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article has an aspect ratio of length to thickness of at least about 100:1. 51. The article of claim 43, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article comprises silicon. 52. The article of claim 43, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article comprises a p-type dopant. 53. The article of claim 43, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article comprises an n-type dopant. 54. The article of claim 43, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article is a single crystal. 55. The article of claim 43, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article comprises a first region having a composition and a second region having a composition different from the composition of the first region. 56. The article of claim 43, wherein the population of catalyst particles has a variation in diameter of less than 20%. 57. The article of claim 43, wherein the population of catalyst particles comprises gold. 58. An article, comprising: a plurality of devices, each comprising first and second electrodes and at least one non-nanotube nanoscale wire disposed between the first and second electrodes and having a smallest dimension that is less than about 500 nm, wherein each of the nanoscale wires of the device is taken from a population of nanoscale wires grown catalytically from a population of catalyst particles having a variation in diameter of less than 20%, and wherein at least a portion of at least some of the nanoscale wires are doped during growth of the nanoscale wire from the catalyst particle. 59. The article of claim 58, wherein at least one of the devices is a field effect transistor. 60. The article of claim 58, wherein the diameter of each of the nanoscale wires is determined by the diameter of the catalyst particle from which the nanoscale wire is grown. 61. The article of claim 58, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article has a smallest dimension that is less than about 20 nm. 62. The article of claim 58, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article has a smallest dimension that is less than about 10 nm. 63. The article of claim 58, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article comprises at least one shell. 64. The article of claim 58, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article comprises a longitudinal axis and two regions differing in composition along the longitudinal axis. 65. The article of claim 58, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article has an aspect ratio of length to thickness of at least about 100:1. 66. The article of claim 58, wherein at least one of the devices comprises a pair of crossed wires. 67. The article of claim 58, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article has an aspect ratio of length to thickness of at least about 10:1. 68. The article of claim 58, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article has an aspect ratio of length to thickness of at least about 100:1. 69. The article of claim 58, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article comprises silicon. 70. The article of claim 58, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article comprises a p-type dopant. 71. The article of claim 58, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article comprises an n-type dopant. 72. The article of claim 58, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article is a single crystal. 73. The article of claim 58, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires of the article comprises a first region having a composition and a second region having a composition different from the composition of the first region. 74. The article of claim 58, wherein the population of catalyst particles has a variation in diameter of less than 20%. 75. The article of claim 58, wherein the population of catalyst particles comprises gold. 76. The article of claim 58, wherein the at least one non-nanotube nanoscale wire is a semiconductor non-nanotube nanoscale wire. 77. A device comprising a plurality of doped semiconductors, wherein each of the doped semiconductors of the device is at least one of the following: an elongated semiconductor that, at any point along its longitudinal axis, has a largest cross-sectional dimension less than 500 nanometers, and a semiconductor with at least one portion having a smallest width of less than 500 nanometers, wherein each of the doped semiconductors of the device is a nanoscale wire taken from a population of nanoscale wires having a variation in average diameter of less than 20% relative to each other, the population of nanoscale wires being grown catalytically from a population of catalyst particles, and wherein at least a portion of at least some of the nanoscale wires is doped during growth of the nanoscale wire from the catalyst particle. 78. The device of claim 77, wherein the device comprises a field effect transistor comprising at least one of the plurality of doped semiconductors. 79. The device of claim 77, wherein each of the doped semiconductors of the device is a non-nanotube nanoscale wire. 80. The device of claim 77, wherein the diameter of each of the semiconductors is determined by the diameter of the catalyst particle from which the semiconductor is grown. 81. The device of claim 77, wherein at least one of the semiconductors of the device comprises silicon. 82. The device of claim 77, wherein at least one of the semiconductors of the device comprises a p-type dopant. 83. The device of claim 77, wherein at least one of the semiconductors of the device comprises an n-type dopant. 84. The device of claim 77, wherein at least one of the semiconductors of the device is a single crystal. 85. The device of claim 77, wherein at least one of the semiconductors of the device comprises a first region having a composition and a second region having a composition different from the composition of the first region. 86. The device of claim 77, wherein the population of catalyst particles has a variation in diameter of less than 20%. 87. The device of claim 77, wherein the population of catalyst particles comprises gold. 88. An article comprising a plurality of devices, at least one of the devices comprising: a substrate, and a conducting channel associated with the substrate, the conducting channel comprising a doped semiconductor nanoscale wire having at least one portion having a smallest width of less then 500 nanometers; and an electrode; wherein the doped semiconductor nanoscale wire of the at least one of the devices is taken from a population of semiconductor nanoscale wires having a variation in average diameter of less than 20% relative to each other, the population of semiconductor nanoscale wires being grown catalytically from a population of catalyst particles, wherein at least a portion of at least some of the semiconductor nanoscale wires is doped during growth of the semiconductor nanoscale wires from the catalyst particle. 89. The article of claim 88, wherein at least one of the devices is a field effect transistor. 90. The article of claim 88, wherein at least one of the semiconductor nanoscale wires is a non-nanotube semiconductor nanoscale wire. 91. The article of claim 88, wherein the diameter of each of the semiconductor nanoscale wires is determined by the diameter of the catalyst particle from which the semiconductor nanoscale wires is grown. 92. The article of claim 88, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires is a single crystal. 93. The article of claim 88, wherein the electrode comprises an elongated material having at least one portion having a smallest width of less then 500 nanometers. 94. The article of claim 93, wherein the doped semiconductor nanoscale wires and the elongated material of at least some of the devices intersect. 95. The article of claim 88, wherein at least one of the doped semiconductor nanoscale wires includes an oxide layer. 96. The article of claim 88, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires comprises at least one portion having a smallest width of less than 20 nanometers. 97. The article of claim 88, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires comprises at least one portion having a smallest width of less than 10 nanometers. 98. The article of claim 88, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires has an aspect ratio of length to thickness of at least about 10:1. 99. The article of claim 88, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires has an aspect ratio of length to thickness of at least about 100:1. 100. The article of claim 88, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires comprises silicon. 101. The article of claim 88, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires comprises a p-type dopant. 102. The article of claim 88, wherein at least one of the nanoscale wires comprises an n-type dopant. 103. The article of claim 46, wherein the population of catalyst particles has a variation in diameter of less than 20%. 104. The article of claim 88, wherein the population of catalyst particles comprises gold. 