An information processing apparatus comprises a wireless communication unit which discovers wireless devices existing in surroundings, and a display unit which displays a list of wireless devices discovered by the wireless communication unit as selectable objects in which display icons of the objects are based on radio intensities of the discovered wireless devices.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An information processing apparatus comprising: a wireless communication unit which discovers wireless devices existing in surroundings; and a display unit which displays a list of the discovered wireless devices as selectable objects in which display icons of the objects are displayed based on radio intensities of the discovered wireless devices, wherein the list of the discovered wireless devices comprises a discovered wireless device selection screen in which the display icons of the discovered wireless devices are displayed as celestial bodies in an orbit, wherein the celestial bodies in the orbit imitate a solar system in outer space wherein the discovered wireless device selection screen comprises a small scale monitor screen which displays the orbit in a reduced scale, and a network selection menu screen which displays the orbit in an enlarged scale, wherein the network selection menu screen displays the icon of the discovered wireless device as a selectable object in one of a plurality of concentric circular orbits, and wherein the one of the concentric circular orbits is selected based on the radio intensity of the discovered wireless device, wherein the icon is displayed on the selected circular orbit. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the small scale monitor screen displays the icon of the discovered wireless device in one of a plurality of concentric elliptical orbits. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the small scale monitor screen displays sets of selectable object screens formed of concentric elliptical orbits, wherein the sets of selectable object screens are in units of wireless local area network communication environments, units of wireless ad hoc network communication environments, or units of classes of a network. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the network selection menu screen displays a wireless device selection screen formed of concentric circular orbits, the wireless device selection screen corresponding to a selected one of the sets of selectable object screens. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: a detection unit which detects that the icon displayed for the network selection menu screen is selected; and a launcher unit which executes a command registered in advance when the detection unit detects that the icon is selected. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein a connecting utility execution screen displays the wireless devices corresponding to the selected icons as communication connectable objects. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a data base which manages the discovered wireless devices; an acquire unit which acquires object data of the discovered wireless devices; and a registration unit which registers the acquired object data in the data base. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the object data comprises at least one of an identifier of the discovered wireless devices, a radio intensity of the discovered wireless devices, a display item of the discovered wireless devices, a number of discoveries, an access point name, a local area network model, a connection history, a photograph of a face, a connection name, a device name, text, an image, and a sound. 9. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the network selection menu screen comprises a focus line extending from a center of the screen in a radial pattern, wherein details of the discovered wireless device are displayed within a predetermined focus area, including the focus line, based on the object data acquired by the acquire unit when the display icon of the discovered wireless device passes over the focus line. 10. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the network selection menu screen comprises a focus line extending from a center of the screen in a radial pattern, wherein details of the discovered wireless device are displayed within a predetermined focus area, including the focus line, based on the object data registered in the data base when the display icon of the discovered wireless device passes over the focus line. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the display icons of the objects are accompanied by predetermined movements. 12. A computer readable medium having stored thereon instructions that, when executed by a computer, cause the computer to: discover wireless devices existing in surroundings; and display a list of discovered wireless devices as selectable objects in which display icons of the objects are displayed based on radio intensities of the wireless devices, wherein the list of discovered wireless devices comprises a discovered wireless device selection screen in which the discovered wireless devices are displayed as celestial bodies in an orbit, the celestial bodies in the orbit imitate a galactic system in outer space, and the discovered wireless device selection screen comprises a small scale monitor screen which displays the orbit in a reduced scale, and a network selection menu screen which displays the orbit in an enlarged scale, wherein the network selection menu screen displays the icon of the discovered wireless device as a selectable object in one of a plurality of concentric circular orbits, and wherein the one of the concentric circular orbits is selected based on the radio intensity of the discovered wireless device, wherein the icon is displayed on the selected circular orbit. 13. The computer readable medium of claim 12, wherein the display icons are accompanied by a predetermined movement. 14. The computer readable medium of claim 12, wherein the network selection menu screen comprises a focus line extending from a center of the screen in a radial pattern, wherein details of the discovered wireless device are displayed within a predetermined focus area, including the focus line, based on object data acquired by an acquire unit when display icons of the discovered wireless devices pass over the focus line. 15. The computer readable medium of claim 12, wherein the network selection menu screen comprises a focus line extending from a center of the screen in a radial pattern, wherein details of the discovered wireless device are displayed within a predetermined focus area, including the focus line, based on object data registered in a data base when display icons of the discovered wireless devices pass over the focus line. 16. An information processing method comprising: discovering with a wireless communication unit available wireless devices; displaying a list of the discovered available wireless devices as selectable objects, in which display icons of the objects are displayed based on radio intensities of the discovered available wireless devices; and displaying the display icons of the discovered available wireless devices as celestial bodies in an orbit, wherein the list of discovered wireless devices comprises a discovered wireless device selection screen in which the discovered wireless devices are displayed as celestial bodies in an orbit, the celestial bodies in the orbit imitate a galactic system in outer space, and the discovered wireless device selection screen comprises a small scale monitor screen which displays the orbit in a reduced scale, and a network selection menu screen which displays the orbit in an enlarged scale, wherein the network selection menu screen displays the icon of the discovered wireless device as a selectable object in one of a plurality of concentric circular orbits, and wherein the one of the concentric circular orbits is selected based on the radio intensity of the discovered wireless device, wherein the icon is displayed on the selected circular orbit. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising moving the display icons with predetermined movements. 18. The method of claim 16, further comprising: managing the discovered available wireless devices with a data base; acquiring object data of the discovered wireless devices; and registering the acquired object data in the data base. 19. An information processing apparatus comprising: means for discovering available wireless devices; and means for displaying a list of the discovered available wireless devices as selectable objects, in which display icons of the objects are displayed based on radio intensities of the discovered available wireless devices, wherein the means for displaying the list of the discovered available wireless devices comprises a discovered wireless device selection screen in which the display icons of the discovered available wireless devices are displayed as celestial bodies in an orbit, wherein the celestial bodies in the orbit imitate a solar system in outer space, and the discovered wireless device selection screen comprises a small scale monitor screen which displays the orbit in a reduced scale, and a network selection menu screen which displays the orbit in an enlarged scale, wherein the network selection menu screen displays the icon of the discovered wireless device as a selectable object in one of a plurality of concentric circular orbits, and wherein the one of the concentric circular orbits is selected based on the radio intensity of the discovered wireless device, wherein the icon is displayed on the selected circular orbit. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the small scale monitor screen displays the icon of the discovered available wireless device in one of a plurality of concentric elliptical orbits. 