An applique for forming a surface coating to a substrate is disclosed. The applique contains a sectioned metal foil that provides a large area electrical circuit for connecting electrical devices. The applique may provide additional functions including lightning strike protection. The substrate may be an aircraft surface.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An applique comprising: a sectioned foil comprising two adjacent foil sections; a gap separating the two adjacent foil sections; a dielectric layer underlying the sectioned foil; an electrical device disposed in the gap and electrically connecting the two adjacent foil sections; and an electrical supply electrically connected to the two adjacent foil sections to form a large area circuit section; wherein the two adjacent foil sections are configured to provide electrical energy to the electrical device connected to the two adjacent foil sections. 2. The applique of claim 1, wherein the large area circuit section comprises electrically positive and electrically negative sections separated by the gap. 3. The applique of claim 1, wherein the sectioned foil further comprises patterned or solid foil sections to conduct lightning strike energy. 4. The applique of claim 1, wherein the dielectric layer is a polymer film. 5. The applique of claim 1, further comprising a topcoat overlaying the sectioned metal foil. 6. The applique of claim 1, further comprising an adhesive underlying the dielectric layer. 7. An applique system comprising: a sectioned foil comprising two adjacent foil sections; a gap separating the two adjacent foil sections; a dielectric layer underlying the sectioned foil; an adhesive layer underlying the dielectric layer; a substrate underlying the adhesive layer; and a topcoat overlaying the sectioned foil; an electrical device in electrical connectivity between the two adjacent foil sections; and an electrical power supply connected to the two adjacent foil sections; wherein the two adjacent foil sections and the electrical power supply form an electrical circuit with the electrical device. 8. The applique system of claim 7, further comprising additional patterned or solid sections of the sectioned foil capable of providing protection against lightning strikes. 9. The applique system of claim 8, wherein the dielectric layer comprises a polymer film. 10. The applique system of claim 8, wherein the topcoat comprises a polymer film or a paint. 11. The applique system of claim 8, wherein an electrical device selected from a group comprising lights, antennas, communication devices, solar cells, measurement instruments, monitoring instruments, sensors, deicing resistors, electrical devices, capacitors, micromechanical devices, radio frequency identification tags, computer chips, active acoustic devices, active windows, electrochromics, electrochemical devices and power supplies is connected to the electrical circuit section. 12. The applique system of claim 8, wherein the foil is selected from a group comprising aluminum and copper, 13. The applique of claim 8, wherein the foil is less than about 0.002 inches thick. 14. A method of forming an applique comprising providing a foil; sectioning the foil to form a large area circuit comprising two adjacent foil sections separated by a gap; providing a dielectric layer underlying the foil; electrically connecting an electrical device to the adjacent foil sections to form an electrical circuit; electrically connecting an electrical power supply to the electrical circuit; and oppositely charging the two adjacent foil sections. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the foil is sectioned by laser etching. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the foil is connected to electrical devices. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein a topcoat is applied to the foil. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the topcoat is selected from a group comprising a polymer film and a paint. 19. The method of claim 14, further comprising sectioning the foil to form lightning protection sections. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the lightning protection sections are patterned or solid sections. 