An enclosed satellite antenna system can include a generally rigid enclosure defining a volume that is configured to enable both manual transportability of the satellite antenna system and automated operation of the satellite antenna system without a substantial change in the volume of the enclosure or manual repositioning of the satellite antenna system. The enclosure can have disposed therein a satellite dish, a feedhorn configured to collect incoming signals concentrated by the satellite dish, and a low noise block converter configured to receive incoming signals from the feedhorn, amplify and convert the incoming signals to received signals, and transmit the received signals to at least one receiver. A motorized elevation dravie system can be configured to selectively adjust an elevation of the satellite dish and a motorized azimuth drive system can be configured to selectively rotate the satellite dish. A control system can be connected to the elevation drive system and the azimuth drive system to control automated operation of the satellite antenna system.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A motorized antenna system, comprising: a generally rigid enclosure having a cover and a base, the cover comprised of an electromagnetic wave permeable material, wherein the cover and base define an enclosed a volume, the enclosure configured to enable both manual transportability of the motorized antenna system and automated operation of the motorized antenna system without a substantial change in the volume of the enclosure or repositioning of the cover or base, the enclosure having disposed within the enclosed volume of the enclosure: an antenna; a motorized drive system configured to selectively adjust a position of the antenna; and a control system connected to the motorized drive system to control automated operation of the motorized antenna system, wherein the motorized antenna system weighs less than 15 pounds. 2. The motorized antenna system of claim 1, further comprising a handle connected to an outer surface of the enclosure. 3. The motorized antenna system of claim 1, further comprising one or more feet protruding generally downwardly from the enclosure. 4. The motorized antenna system of claim 3, wherein a notch is defined in a side of the feet. 5. The motorized antenna system of claim 1, further comprising an anti-theft mechanism disposed in the enclosure. 6. The motorized antenna system of claim 1, further comprising one or more solar cells disposed on the enclosure. 7. The motorized antenna system of claim 1, wherein the motorized drive system is configured to be powered through a coaxial connector on an exterior surface of the enclosure. 8. The motorized antenna system of claim 1, wherein the antenna comprises: a satellite dish having a front side configured to reflect incoming signals towards a focal point, and a back side; a feedhorn configured to collect incoming signals concentrated by the satellite dish; and a low noise block converter located behind the satellite dish and configured to receive incoming signals from the feedhorn, amplify and convert the incoming signals to received signals. 9. The motorized antenna system of claim 1, wherein the control system operates to automatically position the antenna to acquire a signal upon powering on the motorized antenna system. 10. A motorized antenna system, comprising: a generally rigid enclosure having a cover and a base, the cover comprised of an electromagnetic wave permeable material, the enclosure defining a volume and configured to enable both manual transportability of the motorized antenna system and automated operation of the motorized antenna system without a substantial change in the volume of the enclosure or repositioning of the cover or base, the enclosure configured for positioning in a first orientation for automated operation and in a second orientation for manual transport, the enclosure having disposed within the volume of the enclosure an antenna and a motorized drive system configured to selectively adjust a position of the antenna. 11. The motorized antenna system of claim 10, wherein the motorized antenna system weighs less than 15 pounds. 12. The motorized antenna system of claim 10, further comprising a handle disposed on the enclosure configured to allow manual carrying of the satellite antenna system with one hand. 13. The motorized antenna system of claim 10, wherein the antenna comprises: a satellite dish; a feedhorn configured to collect incoming signals concentrated by the satellite dish; and a low noise block converter located behind the satellite dish and configured to receive incoming signals from the feedhorn, amplify and convert the incoming signals to received signals. 14. The motorized antenna system of claim 10, wherein control of the position of the antenna is controlled automatically by interaction with a receiver. 15. The motorized antenna system of claim 10, further comprising one or more feet protruding generally downwardly from the enclosure. 16. The motorized antenna system of claim 15, wherein a notch is defined in a sidewall of the feet. 17. The motorized antenna system of claim 10, further comprising an anti-theft mechanism disposed in the enclosure. 18. The motorized antenna system of claim 10, further comprising one or more solar cells disposed on the enclosure. 19. A motorized antenna system, comprising: a generally rigid enclosure defining a volume and configured to enable both manual transportability of the motorized antenna system and automated operation of the motorized antenna system without a change in the volume of the enclosure or deployment of the motorized antenna system, the enclosure having disposed within the volume of the enclosure an antenna and a motorized drive system configured to selectively adjust a position of the antenna, wherein the motorized antenna system weighs less than 20 pounds. 20. The motorized antenna system of claim 19, further comprising a handle disposed on the enclosure configured to allow manual carrying of the satellite antenna system with one hand. 21. The motorized antenna system of claim 19, wherein the antenna comprises: a satellite dish; a feedhorn configured to collect incoming signals concentrated by the satellite dish; and a low noise block converter located behind the satellite dish and configured to receive incoming signals from the feedhorn, amplify and convert the incoming signals to received signals. 22. The motorized antenna system of claim 19, wherein control of the position of the antenna is controlled automatically by interaction with a receiver. 23. The motorized antenna system of claim 19 further comprising one or more feet protruding generally downwardly from the enclosure. 24. The motorized antenna system of claim 23, wherein the feet are configured to attach the motorized antenna system to a mounting bracket. 25. The motorized antenna system of claim 19, wherein the motorized antenna system weighs less than 15 pounds. 