A wireless process device for use in an industrial process control or monitoring system comprising includes a power source configured to power the process device. Diagnostic circuitry is configured to diagnose operation of process device and provides a diagnostic output. Wireless communication circuitry transmits information over a wireless communication link.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A wireless process variable transmitter for use in an industrial process control or monitoring system comprising: a process variable sensor configured to sense a process variable of the industrial process; a power source configured to power the process variable transmitter without a wired connection to an external source of power; diagnostic circuitry configured to diagnose operation of the power source of the process variable transmitter and having a diagnostic output indicative of an impending failure of the power source; wireless communication circuitry configured to transmit and receive information related to the sensed process variable and related to the diagnostic output over a wireless communication link; and wherein the power source includes a solar cell and wherein the diagnostic circuitry monitors a voltage output of the solar cell. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the power source includes a battery. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the diagnostic circuitry provides an output related to a time period required to charge the battery. 4. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the diagnostic circuitry provides an output related to battery temperature. 5. The apparatus of claim 2 including a MOSFET which couples the battery to the circuitry configured to prevent discharge of the battery. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein a diagnostic output is provided indicative of a faulty solar cell if the measured voltage is less than a predetermined threshold over a predetermined period. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein a diagnostic output is provided based upon the sensed voltage indicative of insufficient sunlight for operation of the solar cell. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the diagnostic circuitry monitors cumulative energy output of the solar cell over a period. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein the diagnostic output provides an output indicative of insufficient energy based upon the cumulative readings. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the diagnostic circuitry provides an output related to power requirements of the process variable transmitter. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the diagnostic circuitry monitors power requirements of components in the process variable transmitter. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 including a local operator interface configured to activate the diagnostic circuitry. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 including a display to provide an output from the diagnostic circuitry. 14. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein diagnostic circuitry is configured to provide an output related to position of an antenna of the wireless communication circuitry. 15. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the diagnostic circuitry provides an output for use in orienting the solar panel. 16. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the output is related to zero and span configuration of the process device. 17. The apparatus of claim 1 including an image capturing device. 18. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein the image capturing device is arranged to capture an image of a solar panel. 19. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein the image capturing device is configured to observe weather conditions. 20. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the power source is contained within the wireless process variable transmitter. 21. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the diagnostic circuitry includes a controller and software configured to diagnose operation of the process variable transmitter. 22. A method for diagnosing a wireless process transmitter coupled to an industrial process comprising: powering the wireless process transmitter with a power source which includes a solar cell without a wired connection to an external source of power; diagnosing operation of the power source of the wireless process transmitter by monitoring a voltage output of the solar cell, the diagnostics indicative of an impending failure of the power source; and transmitting information related to a diagnoses of the power source of the wireless process transmitter over a wireless communication link. 23. The method of claim 22 wherein the power source includes a battery. 24. The method of claim 23 including providing an output related to a time period required to charge the battery. 25. The method of claim 23 including providing an output related to battery temperature. 26. The method of claim 22 wherein a diagnostic output is provided indicative of a faulty solar cell if the measured voltage is less than a predetermined threshold over a predetermined period. 27. The method of claim 22 wherein a diagnostic output is provided based upon the sensed voltage indicative of insufficient sunlight for operation of the solar cell. 28. The method of claim 22 including monitoring cumulative energy output of the solar cell over a period. 29. The method of claim 28 wherein the diagnosis is indicative of insufficient energy based upon the cumulative readings. 30. The method of claim 22 including providing an output related to power requirements of the process variable transmitter. 31. The method of claim 22 including monitoring power requirements of components in the process variable transmitter. 32. The method of claim 22 including providing a local operator interface. 33. The method of claim 22 including providing an output related to position of an antenna of the wireless process transmitter. 34. The method of claim 22 including providing an output for use in orienting the solar panel. 35. The method of claim 22 including providing an output is related to zero and span configuration of the process device. 36. The method of claim 22 including capturing an image with an image capturing device. 37. The method of claim 36 wherein the image capturing device is arranged to capture an image of a solar panel. 38. The method of claim 36 wherein the image capturing device is configured to observe weather conditions. 39. A wireless process variable transmitter for use in an industrial process control or monitoring system comprising: a process variable sensor configured to sense a process variable of the industrial process; a power source configured to power the process variable transmitter; diagnostic circuitry configured to diagnose operation of the power source of the process variable transmitter and having a diagnostic output indicative of a condition of the power source; wireless communication circuitry configured to transmit and receive information related to the sensed process variable and related to the diagnostic output over a wireless communication link; wherein the power source includes a solar cell and wherein the diagnostic circuitry monitors a voltage output of the solar cell; the power source includes a battery; and the diagnostic circuitry provides an output related to a time period required to charge the battery. 40. A wireless process variable transmitter for use in an industrial process control or monitoring system comprising: a process variable sensor configured to sense a process variable of the industrial process; a power source configured to power the process variable transmitter; diagnostic circuitry configured to diagnose operation of the power source of the process variable transmitter and having a diagnostic output indicative of a condition of the power source; wireless communication circuitry configured to transmit and receive information related to the sensed process variable and related to the diagnostic output over a wireless communication link; wherein the power source includes a solar cell and wherein the diagnostic circuitry monitors a voltage output of the solar cell; the power source includes a battery; and a MOSFET which couples the battery to the circuitry configured to prevent discharge of the battery. 41. A method for diagnosing a wireless process transmitter coupled to an industrial process comprising: powering the wireless process transmitter with a power source which includes a solar cell; diagnosing operation of the power source of the wireless process transmitter by monitoring a voltage output of the solar cell; transmitting information related to a diagnoses of the power source of the wireless process transmitter over a wireless communication link; the power source includes a battery; and providing an output related to a time period required to charge the battery. 42. A method for diagnosing a wireless process transmitter coupled to an industrial process comprising: powering the wireless process transmitter with a power source which includes a solar cell; diagnosing operation of the power source of the wireless process transmitter by monitoring a voltage output of the solar cell; transmitting information related to a diagnoses of the power source of the wireless process transmitter over a wireless communication link; the power source includes a battery; and providing an output related to battery temperature. 