A method for spacecraft power acquisition is provided using single-axis slit sun sensors for both wing-stowed and wing-deployed spacecraft configurations. The method for wing-deployed spacecraft includes initializing a solar wing of the spacecraft to search for sun; rotating the spacecraft about a search axis substantially parallel to a slit sun sensor field of view; monitoring the slit sun sensor for a time of arrival signal; and wherein, if the time of arrival signal occurs, the spacecraft is rotated along the search axis to an orientation where the time of arrival signal occurred and the spacecraft is placed in stable rotation about an axis substantially parallel to a solar wing longitudinal axis; and for a non-occurrence of the time of arrival signal, the spacecraft is slewed about a keyhole axis substantially perpendicular to the search axis to move the sun away from a keyhole.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for power acquisition, the method comprising: a) in a spacecraft having a solar wing and a sun sensing apparatus consisting of a single-axis slit sun sensor having a boresight, executing a wing sun search phase in which the solar wing continuously searches for the sun to face toward the sun for strong solar power reception and a solar wing current is monitored against a low current threshold; b) executing a body search phase in which the spacecraft rotates about a search axis that is substantially parallel to or in the same plane as the field of view plane of the single-axis slit sun sensor and perpendicular to the boresight of the single-axis slit sun sensor; c) monitoring the single-axis slit sun sensor for a time of arrival (TOA) signal; d) if the TOA signal occurs, rotating the spacecraft along the search axis to an orientation where the TOA signal occurred and placing the spacecraft in stable rotation about an axis coincident with or substantially parallel to a solar wing longitudinal axis; and e) if the TOA signal does not occur, executing a keyhole slew phase in which rotation of the spacecraft about the search axis is halted and the spacecraft is rotated about a keyhole axis coincident with or substantially parallel to the solar wing longitudinal axis through a predetermined angle based on the field of view of the single-axis slit sun sensor and a potential control error to move the sun away from a keyhole, and repeating steps b), c) and d); wherein the steps are performed in the order a)-b)-c)-d) or a)-b)-c)-e). 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the initial state of the spacecraft is in nominal on-station operations. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein initially the spacecraft is in a wing-deployed transfer orbit. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein in a final state of the spacecraft a sun polar angle for the spacecraft is at or near 90.degree.. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising monitoring peak panel current over a spin period to determine if the current is below a safety threshold. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising stopping rotation of the spacecraft in the orientation where the TOA signal occurred and resetting the spacecraft's attitude estimate and attitude command to identity to remember the orientation. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein when the spacecraft is in the orientation where the TOA signal occurred the sun is in a plane that is substantially perpendicular to the solar wing longitudinal axis. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein no steps are performed in addition to a), b), c), d) or e). 9. A method for power acquisition, the method comprising: a) in a spacecraft having a solar wing in a stowed state and a sun sensing apparatus, the sun sensing apparatus consisting of a single-axis slit sun sensor having a boresight, wherein an x-axis extends through or is parallel with the boresight, a y-axis extends through or is parallel with the spacecraft solar wing when it is in a deployed state, and a z-axis is perpendicular to the x-y plane, executing a yaw search phase in which the spacecraft rotates about the z-axis; b) monitoring the single-axis slit sun sensor for a time of arrival (TOA) signal at which the sun lies in the plane defined by the single-axis slit sun sensor's field of view; c) if the TOA signal occurs, resetting the spacecraft's attitude estimate and attitude command to identity at the orientation where the TOA signal occurred, rotating the spacecraft an additional ninety degrees about the z-axis from the orientation where the TOA signal occurred to orient the solar wing toward the sun, halting rotation about the z-axis and rotating the spacecraft about the x-axis; and d) if the TOA signal does not occur, executing a keyhole slew phase in which rotation of the spacecraft about the z-axis is halted and the spacecraft rotates about the y-axis through a predetermined angle based on the single-axis slit sun sensor field of view and a potential control error to move the sun away from a keyhole, and repeating steps a), b) and c); wherein the steps are performed in the order a)-b)-c) or a)-b)-d). 10. The method of claim 9, wherein initially the spacecraft is in arbitrary attitude. 11. The method of claim 9, wherein in a final state of the spacecraft a sun polar angle for the spacecraft is at or near 90 degrees. 12. The method of claim 9, further comprising monitoring peak panel current over a spin period to determine if the current is below a safety threshold. 13. The method of claim 9, wherein no steps are performed in addition to a), b), c) or d). 14. A spacecraft having a body reference frame with three mutually perpendicular axes, said spacecraft comprising: a solar wing having a plurality of solar panels; a sun sensing apparatus consisting of a single-axis slit sun sensor for providing a time of arrival (TOA) signal, the sun sensor having a boresight; and a set of gyros used to propagate attitude estimate; wherein the three mutually perpendicular axes comprise a roll axis extending through or parallel with the boresight, a pitch axis extending through or parallel with the spacecraft solar wing when it is in a deployed state, and a yaw axis perpendicular to a plane defined by the roll axis and the pitch axis; wherein the spacecraft is configured to perform a yaw search phase in which the spacecraft rotates about the yaw axis and the single-axis slit sun sensor is monitored for a TOA signal at which the sun lies in the plane defined by the single-axis slit sun sensor's field of view; wherein if the sun is detected crossing the single-axis slit sun sensor's field of view the spacecraft's attitude estimate and attitude command are reset to identity and the spacecraft rotates an additional ninety degrees about the yaw axis to orient the solar wing toward the sun, and the spacecraft rotates about the roll axis; and if the sun is not detected crossing the single-axis slit sun sensor's field of view, the spacecraft executes a keyhole slew phase in which rotation of the spacecraft about the yaw axis is halted and the spacecraft is rotated about the pitch axis through a predetermined angle based on the single-axis slit sun sensor field of view and a potential control error to move the sun away from a keyhole. 15. The spacecraft of claim 14, wherein initially the spacecraft is in an arbitrary attitude. 16. The spacecraft of claim 15, wherein in a final state of the spacecraft a sun polar angle for the spacecraft is at or near 90.degree.. 17. The spacecraft of claim 14, wherein initially the spacecraft is in nominal on-station operations. 18. The spacecraft of claim 14, wherein initially the spacecraft is in a wing-deployed transfer orbit. 