A wireless network includes a satellite antenna assembly with a reflector dish and at least one low-noise block converter (LNB) positioned opposite the reflector dish. A wireless transceiver transmits video and data information to one or more users located in a surrounding area. An interface unit is coupled to provide communication signals to the wireless transceiver. The unit is also configured for connection to an interactive data network so that the one or more users are provided with connectivity to the interactive data network via the wireless transceiver. It is emphasized that this abstract is provided to comply with the rules requiring an abstract that will allow a searcher or other reader to quickly ascertain the subject matter of the technical disclosure. It is submitted with the understanding that it will not be used to interpret or limit the scope or meaning of the claims.
Claims I claim: 1. A terrestrial-based wireless network comprising: a terrestrial-based, unitary antenna assembly to receive satellite transmission signals, the terrestrial-based, unitary antenna assembly including a support attached to a reflector dish, a low-noise block converter (LNB), and a first transceiver having a first transmission range, the support for mounting to an exterior of a structure, the first transceiver being operable to wirelessly transmit data contained in the satellite transmission signals received from the LNB terrestrially at a data rate of 10 Mbps or greater to a first end user located within the first transmission range, the data including high-bandwidth video programs, the satellite transmission signals occupying a first frequency band and the first transceiver operating in a second frequency band distinct from the first frequency band; a second transceiver having a second transmission range, the second transceiver being located within the first transmission range and being operable to function as a repeater that receives the data from the first transceiver and wirelessly re-transmits the data at the data rate to a second end user located outside the first transmission range, but within the second transmission range; and a unit coupled to the first transceiver, the unit having a first interface for connection with an interactive data network so as to provide the first and second end users with connectivity to the interactive data network via the first and second transceivers, respectively. 2. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 1 wherein the unit further includes a second interface coupled to receive cable television signals and wherein the data for wireless transmission terrestrially to the first and second end users includes the cable television signals. 3. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 1 wherein the first transceiver includes an interface for receiving control signals transmitted via a cable at a frequency less than 1.2 GHz. 4. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 1 wherein the data is transmitted by the first and second transceivers as digital packets. 5. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 1 wherein the second transceiver functions solely as a signal repeater. 6. A terrestrial-based wireless network comprising: a terrestrial-based, unitary antenna assembly that includes a support attached to a satellite dish, at least one low-noise block converter (LNB), and a wireless transceiver having a first transmission range, the support for mounting to an exterior of a structure, first wireless transceiver being operable to wirelessly send data contained in satellite transmission signals received by the satellite dish terrestrially at a data rate of 10 Mbps or greater to a local subscriber within the first transmission range, the data including high-bandwidth video programs; and a plurality of N, where N is an integer greater than one, additional wireless transceivers geographically distributed in a region extending in a transmission chain from a point within the first transmission range to a remote distance from the terrestrial-based, unitary antenna assembly, the additional wireless transceivers being operable to wirelessly receive and re-transmit the data sent from the first wireless transceiver in a pipelined manner at the data rate to a distant subscriber located within a transmission range of the Nth additional wireless transceiver, at least one of the additional wireless transceivers being included in an antenna assembly comprising a satellite antenna, wherein the wireless transceiver and the additional wireless transceivers operate in compliance with an IEEE 802.11x specification, one or more of the additional wireless transceivers being obstructed in a line-of-sight from a neighboring additional wireless transceiver in the transmission chain. 7. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 6 further comprising a unit coupled to the wireless transceiver, the unit being configured for connection to an interactive data network, the local and distant subscribers being respectively provided with connectivity to the interactive data network via the wireless transceiver and the additional wireless transceivers of the transmission chain. 8. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 6 wherein the remote distance comprises a span of at least N buildings away from the terrestrial-based, unitary antenna assembly. 9. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 6 wherein the satellite transmission signals occupy a first frequency band and the wireless transceiver operates in a second frequency band distinct from the first frequency band. 10. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 7 wherein the unit is configured to receive video signals from a cable television service provider, the video signals including video and data transmissions. 11. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 6 further comprising a plurality of N additional satellite dishes each of which is associated with a corresponding one of the N additional wireless transceivers. 12. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 7 wherein the unit comprises a satellite receiver. 13. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 6 wherein one or more of the additional wireless transceivers comprises a stand-alone wireless transceiver that functions solely as a signal repeater. 14. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 13 further comprising one or more solar cell panels each of which is configured to provide power to a corresponding one of the additional wireless transceivers which comprise a stand-alone wireless transceiver. 15. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 14 wherein the remote distance comprises a span of multiple floors of a multi-dwelling building. 16. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 9 wherein the second frequency band is the 5 GHz band. 17. An apparatus comprising: a satellite antenna assembly that includes: a support having a base for mounting to an exterior of a building; a reflector dish attached to the support; at least one low-noise block converter (LNB) positioned opposite the reflector dish; and a wireless transceiver with an associated antenna, the wireless transceiver having a first transmission range and being operable to terrestrially and wirelessly send video and data contained in satellite signals received from the at least one LNB to a subscriber within the first transmission range via the associated antenna at a data rate of 10 Mbps or greater; the wireless transceiver being further operable to send the video and data contained in the satellite signals to a distant subscriber at the data rate via a plurality of N, where N is an integer greater than one, additional wireless transceivers geographically distributed in a region extending in a transmission chain from a point within the first transmission range to a remote distance from the satellite antenna assembly, the distant subscriber being located within a transmission range of the Nth additional wireless transceiver, each of the N additional wireless transceivers receiving and re-transmitting the data at the data rate in a pipelined manner, wherein the wireless transceiver and each of the additional wireless transceivers operate in compliance with an IEEE 802.11x specification, one or more of the additional wireless transceivers being obstructed in a line-of-sight from a neighboring additional wireless transceiver in the transmission chain. 18. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein the satellite signals occupy a first frequency band and the wireless transceiver operates in a second frequency band distinct from the first frequency band. 19. The apparatus of claim 17 further comprising: a satellite receiver coupled to receive satellite signals from the at least one LNB; an interface unit coupled to provide communication signals to the wireless transceiver, the interface unit being configured for connection to an interactive data network. 20. The apparatus of claim 17 further comprising a plurality of N additional satellite dishes each of which is associated with a corresponding one of the N additional wireless transceivers. 21. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein the interface unit and the satellite receiver are integrated into a single unit. 22. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein one or more of the additional wireless transceivers comprises a stand-alone wireless transceiver that functions solely as a signal repeater. 23. The apparatus of claim 17 further comprising one or more solar cell panels each of which is configured to provide power to a corresponding one of the additional wireless transceivers which comprise a stand-alone wireless transceiver. 24. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein the remote distance comprises a span of at least N buildings away from the terrestrial-based antenna assembly. 25. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein the interface unit is further configured to receive video signals from a cable television service provider, and wherein the wireless transceiver is further operable to send the video signals to the distant subscriber via the transmission chain. 26. The apparatus of claim 18 wherein the second frequency band is the 5 GHz band. 27. An apparatus comprising: a satellite antenna assembly that includes: a support having a base for mounting to an exterior of a building; a reflector dish attached to the support; at least one low-noise block converter (LNB) positioned opposite the reflector dish; and a wireless transceiver with an associated antenna, the wireless transceiver having a first transmission range and being operable to terrestrially and wirelessly send video and data contained in satellite signals received from the at least one LNB to a subscriber within the first transmission range via the associated antenna at a data rate of 10 Mbps or greater; a media library apparatus to store video programs, the media library apparatus being coupled to the wireless transceiver to provide the subscriber with on-demand access to the video programs; and the wireless transceiver being further operable to send the video programs and the video and data contained in the satellite signals to a distant subscriber at the data rate via a plurality of N, where N is an integer greater than one, additional wireless transceivers geographically distributed in a region extending in a transmission chain from a point within the first transmission range to a remote distance from the satellite antenna assembly, the distant subscriber being located within a transmission range of the Nth additional wireless transceiver, each of the N additional wireless transceivers receiving and re-transmitting the video and data in a pipelined manner, wherein one or more of the additional wireless transceivers being obstructed in a line-of-sight from a neighboring additional wireless transceiver in the transmission chain. 28. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein the wireless transceiver and the additional wireless transceivers operate in compliance with IEEE 802.11x specification. 29. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein the remote distance comprises a span of at least N buildings away from the terrestrial-based antenna assembly. 30. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein the LNB is operable to receive satellite signals from outer space, the satellite signals occupying a first frequency band, the wireless transceiver operating in a second frequency band distinct from the first frequency band. 31. The apparatus of claim 27 further comprising a unit coupled to provide communication signals to the wireless transceiver, the unit being configured for connection to an interactive data network. 32. The apparatus of claim 27 further comprising a plurality of N additional satellite dishes each of which is associated with a corresponding one of the N additional wireless transceivers. 33. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein one or more of the additional wireless transceivers comprises a stand-alone wireless transceiver that functions solely as a signal repeater. 34. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein the remote distance comprises a span of multiple floors of a multi-dwelling unit building. 35. The apparatus of claim 27 further comprising one or more solar cell panels each of which is configured to provide power to a corresponding one of the additional wireless transceivers which comprise a stand-alone wireless transceiver. 36. The apparatus of claim 30 wherein the second frequency band is the 5 GHz band. 37. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein the media library apparatus comprises a redundant array of inexpensive disks (RAID) array. 38. The apparatus of claim 37 wherein the media library apparatus further comprises a transceiver for wireless communication with the wireless transceiver of the satellite antenna assembly. 39. A terrestrial-based wireless network comprising: a media library apparatus to store video programs; a satellite antenna assembly that includes: a support having a base for mounting to an exterior of a building; a reflector dish attached to the support; a low-noise block converter (LNB) positioned opposite the reflector dish to receive satellite signals reflected from the reflector dish; a wireless transceiver having an associated antenna, the wireless transceiver having a first transmission range and being operable to access the media library apparatus and terrestrially transmit the video programs via the associated antenna at a data rate of 10 Mbps or greater directly to one or more subscribers within the first transmission range on an on-demand basis; and a plurality of N, where N is an integer, wireless repeaters geographically distributed in a region extending from a point within the first transmission range to a remote distance from the satellite antenna assembly, the wireless repeaters being configured to terrestrially and wirelessly receive and re-transmit at the data rate the video programs and data contained within the satellite signals received by the LNB to a distant subscriber located within a transmission range of an Nth additional wireless transceiver, at least one of the wireless repeaters also operating as a primary source for video programming received from a satellite antenna. 40. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 39 further comprising a plurality of N additional satellite dishes each of which is associated with a corresponding one of the N additional wireless transceivers. 41. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 39 wherein the wireless transceiver is incorporated within the LNB. 42. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 40 wherein one or more of the additional wireless transceivers comprises a stand-alone wireless transceiver that functions solely as a signal repeater. 43. The terrestrial-based wireless network of claim 39 wherein the media library apparatus further comprises a transceiver for wireless communication with the wireless transceiver. 