A device for the wire-free determination of a position of a mechanical force-transmitting device, having at least one storage device for storing electrical energy, at least one sensor element which detects the position and is monitored by at least one sensor electronic unit, including at least one radio transmitter, and at least one photovoltaic energy supply device supplying the storage device with electrical energy.
Claims We claim: 1. A device for wire-free determination of a position of a mechanical force-transmitting device, comprising: a storage device for storing electrical energy; a sensor element which detects the position of the mechanical force-transmitting device; a sensor electronic unit for monitoring the sensor element, the sensor electronic unit comprising a radio transmitter; and a photovoltaic energy supply device adapted to supply the storage device with electrical energy, wherein the photovoltaic energy supply device is embedded in a faceplate arranged around the mechanical force-transmitting device. 2. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein an actuation of the sensor element activates the sensor electronic unit. 3. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein a timer circuit is connected to the storage device and activates the sensor electronic unit at predetermined or predeterminable time intervals. 4. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the storage device is at least one of an electrical capacitor and an electrochemical accumulator. 5. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the sensor element is a magnetic field detector. 6. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the sensor element is arranged at an end position of the mechanical force-transmitting device. 7. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the mechanical force-transmitting device has a magnetic region. 8. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the mechanical force-transmitting device is at least one of a lever and a shaft and a wheel and a rod. 9. The device as claimed in claim 5, wherein the magnetic field detector is a magnet actuated reed contact. 10. The device as claimed in claim 8, wherein the mechanical force-transmitting device is at least one of a connecting rod and a piston. 