An electrical connector includes a housing, a cable, a contact and an encapsulant. The housing extends from a cable exit to an opposite end along a longitudinal axis and from a mounting face to a top face along a vertical axis. The housing includes a cable opening that extends into the cable exit in a direction parallel to the longitudinal axis and a window extending into the housing from the top face toward the mounting face in a direction parallel to the vertical axis. The cable extends through the window and into the housing through the cable opening. The contact is held by the housing and is configured to electrically couple the cable with a mating device when the housing face of the housing is mounted to the mating device. The encapsulant is disposed within the window to seal an interface between the cable and the housing. The encapsulant prevents ingress of moisture into the housing through the interface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electrical connector comprising: a housing extending from a cable exit to an opposite end along a longitudinal axis and from a mounting face to a top face along a vertical axis, the housing including a cable opening that extends into the cable exit in a direction parallel to the longitudinal axis and a window extending into the housing from the top face toward the mounting face in a direction parallel to the vertical axis; a cable extending through the window and into the housing through the cable opening; a contact held by the housing and electrically coupled with the cable; an encapsulant disposed within the window to seal an interface between the cable and the housing, the encapsulant preventing ingress of moisture into the housing through the interface; and a cover disposed over the window and enclosing the encapsulant and a portion of the cable within the window; wherein the housing comprises inner walls on opposing sides of the window with the cable opening disposed within one of the inner walls, an opening in other inner wall that is axially aligned with the cable opening such that the cable extends through the opening and the cable opening. 2. The connector of claim 1, wherein the encapsulant seals the interface around a periphery of the cable between the cable and the housing at the cable opening. 3. The connector of claim 1, wherein the housing comprises a web portion extending from the cable exit of the housing to the window, the web portion reducing force imparted on the encapsulant to prevent separation between the encapsulant and at least one of the housing and the cable. 4. The connector of claim 1, wherein the cable includes an insulative outer jacket, the encapsulant having a coefficient of thermal expansion that is less than a coefficient of thermal expansion of the housing and is greater than a coefficient of thermal expansion of the outer jacket of the cable. 5. The connector of claim 1, wherein the encapsulant comprises a flexible adhesive material. 6. The connector of claim 1, wherein each of the housing and the encapsulant comprises a rigid material. 7. The connector of claim 1, wherein the window defines an opening extending through the housing from the mounting face to the top face. 8. The connector of claim 1, wherein the mounting face of the housing is configured to be mounted to a solar panel to electrically couple the contact with the solar panel. 9. The connector of claim 1, wherein the cable extends through the window in a direction parallel to the longitudinal axis. 10. The connector of claim 1, wherein the window of the housing is a cable window and the housing includes a contact window that is separate from the cable window, the contact window comprising an opening that extends through the housing from the top face to the mounting face in a direction parallel to the vertical axis, the contact extending from the housing and into the contact window, further wherein the encapsulant is disposed within the contact window. 11. The connector of claim 10, wherein the cover is a first cover, further comprising a second cover disposed over the contact window, the first and second covers enclosing the portion of the cable within the cable window, the contact in the contact window, and the encapsulant in the contact window and in the cable window. 12. An electrical connector comprising: a housing extending from a cable exit to an opposite end along a longitudinal axis and from a mounting face to a top face along a vertical axis, the housing framing a window extending through the housing from the top face to the mounting face; a cable received into the housing through the cable exit, at least a portion of the cable disposed within the window; a contact held by the housing and electrically coupled with the cable; and an encapsulant disposed within the window to seal an interface between the cable and the housing, wherein a web portion of the housing disposed between the cable exit and the window reduces a force that is imparted on the encapsulant to prevent separation between the encapsulant and at least one of the housing and the cable within the window; wherein the housing comprises inner walls on opposing sides of the window, a cable opening disposed within one of the inner walls and an opening in other inner wall that is axially aligned with the cable opening such that the cable extends through the opening, across the window and into the cable opening. 13. The connector of claim 12, wherein the web portion isolates the force that is caused by movement of the cable outside of the housing in one or more directions that are angled with respect to the longitudinal axis. 14. The connector of claim 12, wherein each of the housing and the encapsulant comprises a rigid material. 15. The connector of claim 12, wherein the encapsulant has a coefficient of thermal expansion that is less than a coefficient of thermal expansion of the housing and is greater than a coefficient of thermal expansion of the cable. 16. The connector of claim 12, further comprising a cover disposed over the window to enclose the encapsulant and a portion of the cable within the window. 17. The connector of claim 12, wherein the window of the housing is a cable window and the housing includes a contact window that is separate from the cable window, the contact window comprising an opening that extends through the housing from the top face to the mounting face in a direction parallel to the vertical axis, the contact extending from the housing and into the contact window, further wherein the encapsulant is disposed within the contact window. 18. The connector of claim 17, further comprising covers disposed over the contact window and the cable window, the covers enclosing a portion of the cable within the cable window, the contact in the contact window, and the encapsulant in the contact window and in the cable window. 