A method of remotely detecting rule violations at an outdoor site according to one aspect of the invention includes installing a self-contained VMU at the outdoor site near ground elevation, including affixing a chassis of the VMU to a permanent mount. The VMU is operated in a low-power standby mode that includes passively monitoring an ambient magnetic field at the outdoor site to detect a disturbance caused by a presence of a substantial ferrous object. In response to a detection of a disturbance in the ambient magnetic field, the VMU exits the low-power standby mode and initiates an active operating mode. The active operating mode includes operating a video camera by the VMU to capture video data; and wirelessly transmitting a signal representing at least a portion of the video data to a computer network. The video data is received by a remote node in the computer network via the computer network, and stored in association with a database record.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of remotely monitoring an outdoor site, the method comprising: providing a self-contained video monitoring unit (VMU) at the outdoor site near ground elevation, including affixing a chassis of the VMU to a permanent mount, and providing a generally cylindrical housing enclosing the chassis, the housing being formed from an alloy that includes ferrous material; passively monitoring, from within the housing of the VMU, an ambient magnetic field at the outdoor site to detect a disturbance caused by a presence of a substantial ferrous object; in response to a detection of a disturbance in the ambient magnetic field, capturing video data by the VMU; and wirelessly transmitting, from the VMU, a signal representing at least a portion of the video data to a computer. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: providing at least one solar panel operably connected to the VMU for converting solar energy into electrical energy for powering the VMU. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising monitoring at least one event sensor selected from the group consisting of: a motion sensor, an audio sensor, a mechanical vibration sensor, a radio frequency identification (RFID) reader, a light level sensor. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the wirelessly transmitting of the signal representing the at least portion of the video data occurs via a computer network. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the providing the VMU includes positioning a video camera of the VMU between about 1 and 5 feet above an elevation of a road or trail. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein capturing the video data by the VMU does not include storing, at one time, an entire set of the at least portion of the captured video data that is wirelessly transmitted. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein capturing the video data includes storing, at one time, the at least portion of the captured video data that is wirelessly transmitted. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the wirelessly transmitting of the signal representing the at least portion of the video data is initiated immediately after the capturing of at least a first portion of the video data. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein capturing the video data includes capturing the video data in digital form. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein wirelessly transmitting a signal representing at least a portion of the video data to a computer includes transmitting the at least portion of the video data over the Internet. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein wirelessly transmitting a signal representing at least a portion of the video data signal includes embedding metadata with the at least portion of the video data. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the metadata includes a unique VMU ID. 13. The method of claim 1, further comprising: receiving the video data by a remote node in the computer network via the computer network and storing the video data in association with a database record. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein storing the video data in association with a database record includes storing metadata in association with the database record, the metadata having at least one type of information selected from the group consisting of: a VMU ID, date/time information, a geographic location indicator, a geographic location type indicator, duration of video, license plate information, registration label information, and event detection flag. 15. The method of claim 13, further comprising: automatically processing the video data by a video analysis application to detect a presence of at least one of a set of predefined video image patterns associated with events of interest. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein automatically processing the video data uses a set of predefined image patterns associated with events of interest that includes at least one image pattern representing an event selected from the group consisting of: motor vehicle usage; transportation of aquatic vegetation; a presence of an item dangling from a motor vehicle, watercraft, or trailer; a presence of a license plate; and a presence of a registration label. 17. The method of claim 1, wherein passively monitoring an ambient magnetic field occurs while the VMU is operating in a low-power standby mode; and wherein in response to the detection of the disturbance in the magnetic field, exiting the low-power standby mode. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the monitoring center includes a video processing application that analyzes the at least portion of the video sequence to detect a presence of at least one of a set of predefined video image patterns. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the set of predefined image patterns include at least one image pattern representing an event selected from the group consisting of: motor vehicle usage; transportation of aquatic vegetation; a presence of an item dangling from a motor vehicle, watercraft, or trailer; a presence of a license plate; and a presence of a registration label. 20. A system for automatically monitoring a plurality of outdoor sites, the system comprising: a video monitoring unit (VMU), installed at an outdoor site, and comprising: a ruggedized housing fixed to a non-movable base that is situated on the ground, the ruggedized housing being formed from an alloy that includes ferrous material and having a generally cylindrical shape; a video capture circuit situated within the housing, a first event sensor circuit situated within the housing, the first event sensor circuit configured to passively detect changes in the ambient magnetic field external to the housing; a radio transmitter circuit situated within the housing; a controller circuit situated within the housing and electrically coupled with each of the video capture circuit, the first event sensor circuit, and the radio transmitter circuit; and a power source situated within the housing and electrically coupled with each of the video capture circuit, the first event sensor circuit, the radio transmitter circuit, and the controller circuit, the power source enabling the VMU to operate independently of any external power source; wherein the controller circuit executes instructions that cause the VMU to: operate in a video capture mode wherein the video capture circuit captures a video sequence of the corresponding outdoor site, and wherein the radio transmitter circuit transmits at least a portion of the video sequence to a receiver interfaced with a computer network. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein the non-movable base is a footing embedded in the ground. 22. The system of claim 20, wherein ruggedized housing includes a cover of transparent impact-resistant material and a secure openable portal that selectively provides access to the interior of the housing. 23. The system of claim 20, wherein the video capture circuit is part of a network-addressable digital camera module that includes a lens, an image sensor, an image processor electrically coupled with the image sensor, and a network interface electrically coupled with the image processor. 24. The system of claim 20, wherein the VMU includes a second event sensor, wherein the controller circuit of the VMU executes instructions that cause the VMU to recognize a triggering event based on an output from at least one of the first event sensor and the second event sensor. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein the second event sensor is situated remotely from the VMU and communicatively coupled with the VMU. 26. The system of claim 20, wherein the ruggedized housing is made from Schedule 40 stainless steel pipe, and wherein the first event sensor is situated substantially at the center of the housing. 27. The system of claim 20, wherein the radio transmitter is a part of the computer network. 28. The system of claim 20, wherein the VMU includes: a solar power converter that is housed in the ruggedized housing and provides electrical energy collection and storage for the VMU. 29. The system of claim 20, further comprising: at least one additional VMU situated at an outdoor site such that the system includes a plurality of VMUs situated at a plurality of different outdoor sites; a monitoring center communicatively coupled with the computer network, wherein the monitoring center: receives the at least portion of the video sequence via the computer network; manages a database having items corresponding to video-captured events at any of the plurality of outdoor sites; stores the received at least portion of the video sequence as an item associated with the database; and provides access to the item via the computer network. 30. The system of claim 29, wherein the database items corresponding to video-captured events include time and date information and geographic location information related to the corresponding video-captured events. 31. The system of claim 20, wherein the controller circuit further causes the VMU to: operate in a standby mode wherein the first event sensor monitors a portion of the corresponding outdoor site for an occurrence of at least one triggering event; and initiate operation in the video capture mode in response to a detection of the at least one triggering event. 