An apparatus for monitoring a height of liquid in a liquid storage tank is provided, the apparatus includes a first rotatable element rotatable in response to a change of a liquid level in a liquid storage tank and including a first magnetic component having a first magnetic field, and a second rotatable element rotatable in response to the rotation of the first rotatable element and including a second magnetic component having a second magnetic field. The apparatus further includes a sensor assembly which includes a first sensor component located within range of the first magnetic field and structured to be effective in providing a first signal indicative of a position of the first magnetic component, and a second sensor component located within range of the second magnetic field and structured to be effective in providing a second signal indicative of a position of the second magnetic component. The apparatus further includes a data transmitter/microprocessor assembly in electronic communication with the sensor assembly and structured to be effective in receiving the first and second signals from the first and second sensor components, respectively, and processing said first and second signals into data representing a height of liquid in a liquid storage tank.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for monitoring a height of liquid in a liquid storage tank, the apparatus comprising: a first rotatable element rotatable in response to a change of a liquid level in a liquid storage tank and including a first magnetic component having a first magnetic field, the first magnetic component rotates with the first rotatable element; a second rotatable element rotatable in response to the rotation of the first rotatable element and at a different rate of rotation than the first rotatable element and including a second magnetic component, different from the first magnetic component, having a second magnetic field, the second magnetic component rotates with the second rotatable element; a sensor assembly comprising: a first sensor component located within range of the first magnetic field and structured to be effective in providing a first signal indicative of a position of the first magnetic component, and a second sensor component located within range of the second magnetic field and structured to be effective in providing a second signal indicative of a position of the second magnetic component; and a data transmitter/microprocessor assembly in electronic communication with the sensor assembly and structured to be effective in receiving the first and second signals from the first and second sensor components, respectively, and processing said first and second signals into data representing a height of liquid in a liquid storage tank. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 which further comprises a first shield element structured and positioned relative to the first magnetic component and the first sensor component to be effective in reducing magnetic interference within the first magnetic field relative to an identical apparatus without the first shield element. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 which further comprises a second shield element structured and positioned relative to the second magnetic component and the second sensor component to be effective in reducing magnetic interference within the second magnetic field relative to an identical apparatus without the second shield element. 4. The apparatus of claim 2 which further comprises a second shield element structured and positioned relative to the second magnetic component and the second sensor component to be effective in reducing magnetic interference within the second magnetic field relative to an identical apparatus without the second shield element. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein at least one of the first sensor component and the second sensor component comprises a magnetic rotary encoder. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein each of the first and second sensor components comprises a programmable magnetic sensor component. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein each of the first and second sensor components provides a degree of resolution within at least about 0.35.degree.. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 which further comprises a gear assembly positioned to operatively couple together the first and second rotatable elements. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a switch assembly operatively coupled to at least one of the first and second rotatable elements and being structured to be effective in providing a signal in response to the rotation of the at least one of the first and second rotatable elements. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein the switch assembly comprises a cam switch. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the data transmitter/microprocessor assembly comprises a data transmitter/microprocessor board spaced apart from the sensor assembly and the apparatus further comprises a data display assembly comprising a display screen positioned in a stacked relationship with the data transmitter/microprocessor board, the data display assembly being structured to display data representing a height of liquid in a liquid storage tank. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the first rotatable element and the second rotatable element rotate about different centerlines. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a data display assembly comprising a display screen positioned in a stacked relationship with the data transmitter/microprocessor assembly, the data display assembly is structured to display data representing an absolute height of liquid in a liquid storage tank. 14. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a switching power supply assembly structured and positioned to be effective in providing power to the sensor assembly. 15. The apparatus of claim 14 further comprising a storage capacitor component in electrical communication with the switching power supply assembly. 16. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein the sensor assembly is structured to receive electrical power intermittently from the switching power supply assembly through the storage capacitor component. 17. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a storage capacitor component structured and positioned so that the sensor assembly receives electrical power intermittently from the storage capacitor component. 18. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a storage capacitor component and a switching power supply assembly structured and positioned to be effective in providing electrical power to at least one of the sensor assembly and the data transmitter/microprocessor assembly. 19. The apparatus of claim 14 further comprising a power switch structured and positioned to control the flow of electrical power between the switching power supply assembly and the sensor assembly. 20. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the sensor assembly provides a first signal and a second signal each second during a time interval in a range of about 50 milliseconds to about 400 milliseconds. 21. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein the switch assembly comprises a plurality of cam switches. 22. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein the signal provided by the switch assembly is effective to do at least one of activate an alarm, activate a pump, alert an operator, activate a warning, activate instruction of connective action and combinations thereof. 23. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the sensor assembly further comprises an encoder board to which the first and second sensor components are fixedly secured. 24. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the data transmitter/microprocessor assembly comprises a data transmitter/microprocessor board spaced apart from the sensor assembly. 25. The apparatus of claim 1 which is battery powered. 26. The apparatus of claim 1 which is solar powered. 27. An apparatus for monitoring an absolute height of liquid in a liquid storage tank, the apparatus comprising: a rotatable element rotatable in response to a change of a liquid level in a liquid storage tank and including a magnetic component having a magnetic field; a sensor assembly including a magnetic sensor component located within range of the magnetic field of the magnetic component and structured to be effective in providing a signal indicative of a position of the magnetic component; a power supply assembly to intermittently provide power to the sensor assembly; and a data transmitter/microprocessor assembly in electrical communication with the sensor assembly and structured and positioned to be effective in receiving the signal from the magnetic sensor component and processing said signal into data representing an absolute height of liquid in a liquid storage tank. 28. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein the power supply assembly includes a storage capacitor component. 29. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein the power supply assembly comprises a switching power supply assembly and a storage capacitor component operatively coupled to the switching power supply assembly. 30. An apparatus for monitoring a height of liquid in a liquid storage tank, the apparatus comprising: a first rotatable element rotatable in response to a change of a liquid level in a liquid storage tank and including a first magnetic component having a first magnetic field; a second rotatable element rotatable in response to the rotation of the first rotatable element and including a second magnetic component having a second magnetic field; a sensor assembly comprising: a first sensor component located within range of the first magnetic field and structured to be effective in providing a first signal indicative of a position of the first magnetic component, and a second sensor component located within range of the second magnetic field and structured to be effective in providing a second signal indicative of a position of the second magnetic component; a data transmitter/microprocessor assembly in electronic communication with the sensor assembly and structured to be effective in receiving the first and second signals from the first and second sensor components, respectively, and processing said first and second signals into data representing a height of liquid in a liquid storage tank; wherein the apparatus further comprises: a gear assembly positioned to operatively couple together the first and second rotatable elements; and a switch assembly operatively coupled to the gear assembly and located between an encoder board, to which the first and second sensors are fixedly secured, and the data transmitter/microprocessor assembly. 31. An apparatus for monitoring a height of liquid in a liquid storage tank, the apparatus comprising: a first rotatable element rotatable in response to a change of a liquid level in a liquid storage tank and including a first magnetic component having a first magnetic field; a second rotatable element rotatable in response to the rotation of the first rotatable element and including a second magnetic component having a second magnetic field; a sensor assembly comprising: a first sensor component located within range of the first magnetic field and structured to be effective in providing a first signal indicative of a position of the first magnetic component, and a second sensor component located within range of the second magnetic field and structured to be effective in providing a second signal indicative of a position of the second magnetic component; a data transmitter/microprocessor assembly in electronic communication with the sensor assembly and structured to be effective in receiving the first and second signals from the first and second sensor components, respectively, and processing said first and second signals into data representing a height of liquid in a liquid storage tank; wherein the apparatus further comprises: a storage capacitor component and a switching power supply assembly structured and positioned to be effective in providing electrical power to at least one of the sensor assembly and the data transmitter/microprocessor assembly. 32. An apparatus for monitoring a height of liquid in a liquid storage tank, the apparatus comprising: a first rotatable element rotatable in response to a change of a liquid level in a liquid storage tank and including a first magnetic component having a first magnetic field; a second rotatable element rotatable in response to the rotation of the first rotatable element and including a second magnetic component having a second magnetic field; a sensor assembly comprising: a first sensor component located within range of the first magnetic field and structured to be effective in providing a first signal indicative of a position of the first magnetic component, and a second sensor component located within range of the second magnetic field and structured to be effective in providing a second signal indicative of a position of the second magnetic component; and a data transmitter/microprocessor assembly in electronic communication with the sensor assembly and structured to be effective in receiving the first and second signals from the first and second sensor components, respectively, and processing said first and second signals into data representing a height of liquid in a liquid storage tank; a switching power supply assembly structured and positioned to be effective in providing power to the sensor assembly; and a power switch structured and positioned to control the flow of electrical power between the switching power supply assembly and the sensor assembly, wherein the data transmitter/microprocessor assembly is structured and positioned to be effective in controlling operation of the power switch. 33. An apparatus for monitoring a height of liquid in a liquid storage tank, the apparatus comprising: a first rotatable element rotatable in response to a change of a liquid level in a liquid storage tank and including a first magnetic component having a first magnetic field; a second rotatable element rotatable in response to the rotation of the first rotatable element and including a second magnetic component having a second magnetic field; a sensor assembly comprising: a first sensor component located within range of the first magnetic field and structured to be effective in providing a first signal indicative of a position of the first magnetic component, a second sensor component located within range of the second magnetic field and structured to be effective in providing a second signal indicative of a position of the second magnetic component; and a data transmitter/microprocessor assembly in electronic communication with the sensor assembly and structured to be effective in receiving the first and second signals from the first and second sensor components, respectively, and processing said first and second signals into data representing a height of liquid in a liquid storage tank; wherein the apparatus further comprises: a storage capacitor component and a switching power supply assembly structured and positioned to be effective in reducing electrical power consumption of the apparatus over a period of time relative to an identical apparatus without the storage capacitor component and the switching power supply assembly. 34. An apparatus for monitoring a height of liquid in a liquid storage tank, the apparatus comprising: a first rotatable element rotatable in response to a change of a liquid level in a liquid storage tank and including a first magnetic component having a first magnetic field; a second rotatable element rotatable in response to the rotation of the first rotatable element and including a second magnetic component having a second magnetic field; a sensor assembly comprising: a first sensor component located within range of the first magnetic field and structured to be effective in providing a first signal indicative of a position of the first magnetic component, and a second sensor component located within range of the second magnetic field and structured to be effective in providing a second signal indicative of a position of the second magnetic component; a data transmitter/microprocessor assembly in electronic communication with the sensor assembly and structured to be effective in receiving the first and second signals from the first and second sensor components, respectively, and processing said first and second signals into data representing a height of liquid in a liquid storage tank; and wherein the data transmitter/microprocessor assembly is structured to use the position indicated by at least one of the first signal and the second signal to adjust the value of the height of liquid in the liquid storage tank to a different value relative to the value provided by the positions indicated by the first signal and the second signal without said adjustment. 