A method for providing a personalized souvenir is disclosed. The method includes the steps of contacting a souvenir retailer, preparing artwork, selecting names for personalization of the souvenirs, providing a rack to the souvenir retailer for displaying the souvenirs, and servicing the racks to ensure that the rack is maintained with the proper inventory. Additionally, determining an age range of a sales demographic such that the most popular names are selected to include on the souvenir within that age range.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation comprising the steps of: a. contacting a personalized solar powered devices retailer; b. establishing a multitude of personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices; c. selecting names for each of said personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices with use of a computer device comprising the steps of i. determining an age range of a sales demographic; and ii. selecting top first names; d. having each of said personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices manufactured to electronically transform and dynamically display at least one of said selected names; e. presenting said multitude of personalized solar powered devices in a manner that said personalized solar powered devices present a composite appearance that electronically transforms and dynamically displays a multitude of said selected names; f. configuring said multitude of personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices to each accomplish the steps of: i. displaying a selected name through a liquid crystal display screen; ii. utilizing a solar panel, wherein said solar panel converts light into electrical energy; and iii. electronically controlling an electronic circuit, wherein said electronic circuit receives said electrical energy and controls said liquid crystal display screen to transform in a programmed and dynamic manner; and iv. housing said liquid crystal display screen on at least a first side of each of said solar powered programmed souvenir devices with said name wherein said liquid crystal display screen alternates between transparent and opaque such that said name is dynamically displayed; and g. continuously maintaining said composite appearance with use of a computer device wherein each said personalized solar powered programmed souvenir device is frequently replenished so as to create a uniform and distinct dynamically transformative composite display when exposed to light. 2. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of selecting names for each of said personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices further comprises the steps of: a. researching census records and birth records for each year of said age range; and b. selecting top first names from said census records and said birth records. 3. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of selecting names for each of said personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices further comprises the step of using an age range appropriate for said selected souvenir. 4. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of selecting names for each of said personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices further comprises the step of using an age range of from age 5 to age 35. 5. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 4 wherein said step of selecting names for each of said personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices further comprises a step selected from a group consisting of: including at least some personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices displaying the most common names for all ages on said solar powered programmed souvenir devices, including at least some personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices displaying at least some generic sayings on said solar powered programmed souvenir devices, and including both at least some personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices displaying the most common names for all ages on said solar powered programmed souvenir devices and at least some personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices displaying at least some generic sayings on said solar powered programmed souvenir devices. 6. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of providing a multitude of personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices comprises a step selected from a group consisting of: displaying at least about two hundred different names on said multitude of solar powered programmed souvenir devices, and displaying at least about three hundred different names on said multitude of solar powered programmed souvenir devices, and displaying at least about four hundred different names on said multitude of solar powered programmed souvenir devices. 7. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of providing a multitude of personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices comprises the step of maintaining about fifteen times more of the personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices containing most popular name than the least popular name. 8. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 1 and further comprising the step of including geographical location artwork on a second side of said solar powered programmed souvenir device. 9. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 1 and further comprising the step of including a retailer's business logo on a second side of said solar powered programmed souvenir device. 10. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 1 and further comprising the step of non-swivelably hanging said multitude of personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices on said personalized solar powered device rack. 11. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of providing a multitude of personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices comprises a step selected from a group consisting of: establishing a multitude of personalized solar powered programmed zipper pull souvenir devices, establishing a multitude of personalized solar powered programmed magnet souvenir devices, establishing a multitude of personalized solar powered programmed choker souvenir devices, establishing a multitude of personalized solar powered programmed bracelet souvenir devices, establishing a multitude of personalized solar powered programmed key ring souvenir devices, and establishing a multitude of personalized solar powered programmed key chain souvenir devices. 12. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 8 wherein said step of including geographical location artwork on a second side of said solar powered programmed souvenir device comprises a step selected from a group consisting of: including amusement facility artwork on a second side of said solar powered programmed souvenir device, including park artwork on a second side of said solar powered programmed souvenir device, including resort artwork on a second side of said solar powered programmed souvenir device, including beach locale artwork on a second side of said solar powered programmed souvenir device, and including seasonal business artwork on a second side of said solar powered programmed souvenir device. 13. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of continuously maintaining said personalized solar powered device rack with use of a computer device comprises the step of utilizing outside contractor services for at least part of the time. 14. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 13 wherein said step of utilizing outside contractor services for at least part of the time comprises the step of seasonally utilizing outside contractor services for at least part of the time. 15. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of continuously maintaining said personalized solar powered device rack with use of a computer device comprises a step selected from a group consisting of: about twice weekly maintaining said personalized solar powered device rack to create a uniform and distinct dynamically transformative display when exposed to light, about thrice weekly maintaining said personalized solar powered device rack to create a uniform and distinct dynamically transformative display when exposed to light, about monthly maintaining said personalized solar powered device rack to create a uniform and distinct dynamically transformative display when exposed to light, and seasonally varying the frequency of maintaining said personalized solar powered device rack to create a uniform and distinct dynamically transformative display when exposed to light. 16. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of continuously maintaining said personalized solar powered device rack with use of a computer device comprises the step of continuously maintaining said rack by an electronic monitoring system. 17. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 16 wherein said step of continuously maintaining said rack by an electronic monitoring system comprises the step of tying to a retailer's point of sale computer system. 18. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of displaying a selected name through a liquid crystal display screen comprises the step of displaying a selected name through a partitioned display liquid crystal display screen. 19. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 18 wherein said step of electronically controlling an electronic circuit, wherein said electronic circuit receives said electrical energy and controls said liquid crystal display screen to transform in a programmed and dynamic manner comprises the step of electronically controlling said partitioned display liquid crystal display screen to display each partition differently. 20. A method of providing a multitude of souvenir devices through a composite presentation as described in claim 1 and further comprising the step of allowing said personalized solar powered devices retailer to select additional names to include in said multitude of personalized solar powered programmed souvenir devices. 