Articles constructed of a plurality of scuffed sheets have improved sheet-to-sheet bond strength and surfaces with high coefficients of friction. Articles constructed out of three scuffed sheets include exterior intumescent polymeric surfaces resisting the spread of combustion flames and insulating the interior surfaces from the high temperature of fire. Articles include electronic apparatus sending an emergency 911 call to a remote monitoring station. Articles are advantageously reinforced with optional rigidifying structures without article modification. Members are joined with snap together features providing an assembled article. Articles include handles for ergonomic manipulation by workers. Articles include elements amenably receiving unitization accessories. The article improvements are demonstrated in the form of industrial platforms, particularly material handling pallets.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An article resistant to fire and the heat of fire, the article comprising: a first sheet of co-extruded thermoformable plastic, comprising a surface layer of an intumescent polyolefin composition resistant to fire and a substrate layer of a polyolefin resin, molded over a first mold to provide a first member; a second sheet as in the first sheet molded over a second mold to provide a second member; a third member of molded plastic composed of polyolefin resin comprising an array of upward extending ribs, an array of downward extending channels and between the ribs and channels hollow areas providing dead air space; the third member being compressed between the first and second sheets to provide a rigid unitary structure wherein upper surfaces of the ribs bond to the substrate layer of the first sheet and lower surfaces of the channels bond to the substrate layer of the second sheet; the surface layers of the intumescent polyolefin compositions of the first and second sheets being exteriorly visible preventing the substrate layers from supporting a flame upon exposure to fire; and the surface layers of the intumescent polyolefin compositions of the first and second sheets in combination with the dead air space insulating the third member, the insulated third member resisting the heat of the fire to remain rigid. 2. An article as in claim 1 wherein the third member includes additives imparting high temperature strength. 3. An article as in claim 1 wherein the article is a material handling apparatus. 4. An article as in claim 1 comprising a wireless communications device, the device being adapted to transmit an emergency signal to a remote monitoring station when said article is exposed to fire or the heat of fire. 5. A material handling apparatus comprising: an electronic device, the electronic device comprising at least a wireless communicator interfacing with a remote station, thermographic instrumentation developed to monitor external temperature, and circuitry integrating the communicator to the instrumentation; the thermographic instrumentation responding to variation in external temperature indicative of a fire by actuating circuitry, the circuitry triggering communicator to send an emergency signal to the remote station, the remote station thereby being alerted to heat indicative of fire. 6. A material handling apparatus as in claim 5 wherein the electronic device has at least one supply of power, the at least one supply of power being derived from a solar battery positioned externally upon a surface of said material handling apparatus. 7. A material handling apparatus as in claim 5 wherein the thermographic instrumentation includes a thermoscopic sensor, the sensor being exteriorly positioned to monitor temperature variation. 8. A material handling apparatus as in claim 5 wherein the electronic device is mounted upon a plate for remote attachment to an external surface of the material handling apparatus exposed to fire and the heat of fire. 9. A fire resistant plastic pallet formed of a fire resistant laminate comprising a non-intumescent polymer layer and an intumescent plastic layer, said intumescent plastic layer comprising: greater than or equal to 65 wt. % high density polyethylene, and about 10 wt. % to about 35 wt. % intumescent additive material selected from the group consisting of a gas-generating foaming agent, a char-forming agent and combinations including at least one of the foregoing materials. 10. A fire resistant plastic pallet as set forth in claim 9 in which: said high density polyethylene is present in an amount of 65 wt. % to about 80 wt. %. 11. A fire resistant plastic pallet as set forth in claim 9 in which: said intumescence additive material is present in an amount of about 20 wt. % to about 35 wt. %. 12. A fire resistant plastic pallet as set forth in claim 9 in which: said gas-generating foaming agent is selected from the group consisting of ammonium dihydrogen phosphate, ammonium polyphosphate, and combinations comprising at least one of the foregoing materials. 13. A fire resistant plastic pallet as set forth in claim 9 in which: said gas-generating foaming agent is selected from the group consisting of hydrated alumina, hydrated magnesia, melamine, and combinations comprising at least one of the foregoing materials. 14. A fire resistant plastic pallet as set forth in claim 9 in which: said char forming agent is selected from the group consisting of monopentaerythritol, dipentaerythritol, and combinations comprising at least one of the foregoing materials. 15. A fire resistant plastic pallet as set forth in claim 9 in which: said intumescence additive material further comprises antimony oxide, zinc borate, and combinations comprising at least one of the foregoing materials. 16. A fire resistant plastic pallet as set forth in claim 9 in which: said non-intumescent layer has a thickness about 1.5 times to 2.5 times a thickness of the intumescent plastic layer. 17. A fire resistant plastic pallet formed of a fire resistant laminate comprising a non-intumescent polymer layer and an intumescent plastic layer, said intumescent plastic layer comprising: about 65 wt. % to about 80 wt. % high density polyethylene, about 20 wt. % to about 35 wt. % intumescence additive material, said intumescence additive material includes a gas-generating foaming agent, a char-forming agent, and a filler, said gas-generating foaming agent is selected from the group consisting of ammonium dihydrogen phosphate, ammonium polyphosphate, hydrated alumina, hydrated magnesia, melamine, and combinations including at least one of the foregoing materials, said char forming agent is selected from the group consisting of monopentaerythritol, dipentaerythritol, and combinations including at least one of the foregoing materials, and said filler is selected from the group consisting of antimony oxide, zinc borate, and combinations including at least one of the foregoing materials. 