A sign light to illuminate a sign such as a real estate sale sign. The sign light is configured to suspend between the crossarm of a sign post and the sign. The sign light includes a housing, a light source, and sign mounting hardware. The housing allows the sign light to suspend from a crossarm of a sign post. The housing includes an internal compartment. The light source is located within the internal compartment of the housing. The sign mounting hardware is directly coupled to the housing to provide a mounting location for a sign to hang from the mounting hardware. The housing and mounting hardware facilitate suspending the sign light between the crossarm of the sign post and the sign.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus, comprising: a housing to suspend directly below a bottom surface of a crossarm of a sign post so that the housing is completely below the crossarm of the sign post in a mounted position, the housing comprising an internal compartment and a top surface, wherein the top surface of the housing is below the crossarm of the sign post in the mounted position; wherein the housing comprises a pair of adjacent slide channels in the top surface of the housing to accommodate light mounting hardware to movably couple the housing to the crossarm of the signpost, wherein each slide channel comprises a substantially linear channel opening through the top surface of the housing; a light source within the internal compartment of the housing; and sign mounting hardware directly coupled to the housing to provide a mounting location for a sign to hang below the housing, directly from the sign mounting hardware, so that the housing is between the bottom surface of the crossarm of the sign post (which is above the housing) and the sign (which is below the housing) in the mounted position. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the light mounting hardware comprises a padlock having a shackle configured to be inserted through a first slide channel of the pair of slide channels, through a lighting mounting ring coupled to the bottom surface of the crossarm of the sign post, and through a second slide channel of the pair of slide channels to lock the housing to the crossarm of the sign post. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the housing comprises a mounting hole to accommodate a fastener to couple the housing directly to the crossarm of the sign post. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a solar panel coupled to an exterior surface of the housing. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the housing comprises a battery compartment to house at least one battery, wherein the battery compartment is electrically coupled to the light source. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a lens coupled to the housing to protect the light source from environmental conditions. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the lens comprises a light distribution pattern to produce a light distribution pattern to illuminate the sign. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the light source comprises a plurality of light emitting diodes (LEDs). 9. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a mounting arm coupled to the housing, wherein the mounting arm is movable with respect to the housing. 10. A system, comprising: a sign post having a crossarm, wherein the crossarm comprises a bottom surface; light mounting hardware coupled to the bottom surface of the crossarm; and a lighting apparatus coupled to the light mounting hardware to hang the lighting apparatus from the mounting hardware so that the housing is completely below the crossarm of the sign post in a mounted position, wherein the lighting apparatus comprises sign mounting hardware to hang a sign below the lighting apparatus, so that the lighting apparatus is completely between the bottom surface of the crossarm of the sign post (which is above the lighting apparatus) and the sign (which is below the lighting apparatus); wherein the lighting apparatus comprises a housing with a pair of adjacent slide channels in a top surface of the housing, wherein each slide channel comprises a substantially linear channel opening through the top surface of the housing. 11. The system of claim 10, further comprising a locking mechanism to lock the lighting apparatus to the mounting hardware coupled to the crossarm of the sign post. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the adjacent slide channels movably accommodate the locking mechanism. 13. The system of claim 10, wherein the lighting apparatus comprises a light source to illuminate the sign. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the light source comprises a plurality of light emitting diodes (LEDs) to illuminate two sides of the sign. 15. The system of claim 13, wherein the lighting apparatus further comprises a battery coupled to the light source, and a solar panel coupled to the battery. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the lighting apparatus further comprises control circuitry to control operation of the light source. 17. A system, comprising: means for movably mounting a lighting apparatus to suspend completely below a bottom surface of a crossarm of a sign post to allow relative movement between the lighting apparatus and the crossarm of the sign post; means for movably mounting a sign to suspend below the lighting apparatus to allow relative movement between the sign and the lighting apparatus, so that sign is indirectly coupled to the bottom surface of the crossarm with the lighting apparatus completely between the bottom surface of the crossarm of the sign post (which is above the lighting apparatus) and the sign (which is below the lighting apparatus); means for defining a pair of adjacent slide channels in a top surface of the lighting apparatus, wherein each slide channel comprises a substantially linear channel opening in the top surface of the lighting apparatus; and means for generating light from electrical energy to at least partially illuminate the sign. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the means for generating the light from the electrical energy comprises: means for generating the electrical energy from solar energy; and means for storing the electrical energy. 19. The system of claim 17, further comprising means for accommodating a locking mechanism to lock the lighting apparatus to the crossarm of the sign post, wherein the means for accommodating the locking mechanism allow flexibility in mounting the lighting apparatus to the crossarm at various mounting widths. 