One or more mechanical, electrical or chemical application devices, chemical agents, and/or identification information may be carried by an apparatus worn on the heads of animals. The apparatus comprises a first 3-dimensional loop-shaped member having first and second opposed inner and outer surfaces, a third outer surface extending between the first and second surfaces, and an interior opening extending therethrough from the first surface to the second surface. The loop-shaped member is of a size sufficient to fit over one ear or horn of the animal with the animal's ear or horn protruding through the opening, the first inner surface facing the head of the animal, and the second outer surface facing away from the head of the animal. The loop-shaped members may be worn by a subject animal individually or in pairs, with one member over each ear or horn, in accordance with the desired application, and a variety of mechanical, electrical or chemical application devices, chemical agents, and/or identification information may be incorporated into or onto the member, or attached thereto, either directly or indirectly.
Claims I claim: 1. An apparatus to be worn on the head or head and neck of an animal comprising at least one first 3-dimensional loop-shaped member comprising a first inner surface, a second, opposed outer surface, a third outer surface extending between said first and second surfaces, and an opening extending through said member from said first surface to said second surface, wherein said member is of a size sufficient to fit over one ear or horn of an animal with said ear or horn protruding through said opening, said first inner surface facing toward said head of said animal, and said second outer surface facing away from the head of said animal, and further comprising an aversive stimulus unit effective for administering at least an electric shock to said animal, which said aversive stimulus unit is incorporated into or onto said member or attached thereto. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said aversive stimulus unit comprises a pair of at least partially exposed electrode surfaces adapted to contact said animal's head, neck, ear or combinations thereof. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein said partially exposed electrodes are adjacent to said first surface or said opening or both. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a signal receiver in communication with said aversive stimulus unit, which said signal receiver is incorporated into or onto said member or attached thereto. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a pair of said first loop-shaped members, said members adapted to fit over opposite ears or horns of said animal and be worn on the head of said animal, and wherein said aversive stimulus unit comprises a bilateral stimulus unit comprising first and second independently operable aversive stimuli generators effective for selectively administering at least an electric shock onto one side of an animal. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said first aversive stimuli generator is attached to or embedded within one of said pair of first members, and said second aversive stimuli generator is attached to or embedded within the other of said pair of said first members. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein each of said first and said second aversive stimuli generators comprise at least partially exposed electrodes adapted to contact said animal's skin in the region of the head, neck, ear or combinations thereof. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said partially exposed electrodes are adjacent to said first inner surface, said opening, or both. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a pair of said first loop-shaped members, said members adapted to fit over opposite ears or horns of said animal and be worn on the head of said animal, and at least one strap connecting said first loop-shaped members which said strap is effective for retaining said first loop-shaped members on the head of said animal. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein said at least one strap comprises a first strap extending between said first loop-shaped members across the top of the head or neck of said animal, and a second strap extending between said first loop-shaped members under the head or neck of said animal. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a transmitter effective for relaying a detectable signal to a receiver at a remote location, which said signal is effective for determining the position or direction of movement or both, of said animal, which said transmitter is incorporated into or onto said member or attached thereto. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a telemetry system for receiving or transmitting data indicative of the position or direction of movement or both, of said animal, which said telemetry system unit is incorporated into or onto said member or attached thereto. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a satellite positioning system receiver effective for determining the position of said animal, which said receiver is incorporated into or onto said member or attached thereto. 14. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: a. a pair of said first loop-shaped members, said members adapted to fit over opposite ears or horns of said animal and be worn on the head of said animal, b. means for acquiring data indicative of the position of said animal selected from the group consisting of a telemetry system for receiving or transmitting data indicative of the position said animal, and a satellite positioning system receiver effective for determining the position of said animal, and c. a microprocessor in communication with said bilateral stimulus unit and said means for acquiring data indicative of the position of said animal, said microprocessor being effective for receiving data indicative of the position of said animal from said means, and selectively controlling the activation of said first or second stimuli generators, wherein said aversive stimulus unit comprises a bilateral stimulus unit comprising first and second independently operable aversive stimuli generators effective for selectively administering at least one aversive sensory stimulus onto one side of an animal, and further wherein said aversive stimulus unit, said means for acquiring data, and said microprocessor are incorporated into or onto one of said members or attached thereto. 15. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein said microprocessor is effective for determining movement and direction of said animal, comparing the position of said animal with the position of at least one predetermined boundary line to determine the closest boundary line and the distance of said animal therefrom, determining which side of said animal is nearest to said closest boundary line, and selectively activating one of said first or second stimuli generators in response to the determination of the distance from said closest boundary line and the determination of which side of the animal is nearest to said closest boundary line. 16. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said first inner surface is adapted to generally conform to the shape of said animal's skull when placed over said ear or horn and in contact with said animal's head. 17. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising an adhesive on said first surface for adhering said first surface directly to the head of said animal. 18. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a second loop-shaped member comprising a first and second opposed outer surfaces and an opening extending therethrough from said first surface to said second surface, said first surface of said second loop-shaped member adjacent to the head of said animal and adapted to be affixed thereto, and said second surface of said second loop-shaped member being adjacent to and removably attached to said first inner surface of said first 3-dimensional loop-shaped member with said opening of said second loop-shaped member being substantially aligned with said opening of said first loop-shaped member. 19. The apparatus of claim 18 wherein said second loop-shaped member is attached to said first inner surface of said first 3-dimensional loop-shaped member with cooperating, opposed hook and eye closures. 20. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said first 3-dimensional loop-shaped member further comprises a chemical agent applicator effective for applying a chemical agent onto said head or ear or both of said animal. 21. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising indicia on a surface of said loop-shaped member which is visible when said loop-shaped member is positioned on the head of said animal. 22. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising an electronic identification device selected from the group consisting of a transmitter relaying animal identification information and a programmable computer chip containing animal identification information, which said electronic identification device is incorporated into or onto said member or attached thereto. 23. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a electrical power source selected from the group consisting of a battery, capacitor, and combinations thereof, which said power source is incorporated into or onto said member or attached thereto. 24. In a method for controlling the position of an animal comprising applying an aversive stimulus to an animal through one or more aversive stimulus units, wherein the improvement comprises at least one of said aversive stimulus units being supported by an apparatus to be worn on the head or head and neck of an animal which comprises a first 3-dimensional loop-shaped member comprising a first inner surface, a second, opposed outer surface, a third outer surface extending between said first and second surfaces, and an opening extending through said member from said first surface to said second surface, wherein said member is of a size sufficient to fit over one ear or horn of an animal with said ear or horn protruding through said opening, said first inner surface facing toward said head of said animal, and said second outer surface facing away from the head of said animal, and further wherein said apparatus is placed on the head of said animal with said ear or horn protruding through said opening. 25. The process of claim 24 wherein animal is not human. 26. The process of claim 25 wherein animal is selected from the group consisting of bovine, caprine, equine, ovine, and porcine. 27. In a method of monitoring an animal comprising placing a transmitter on an animal effective for relaying a detectable signal to a remote location, wherein the improvement comprises said transmitter or receiver or both being supported by an apparatus to be worn on the head or head and neck of an animal which comprises a first 3-dimensional loop-shaped member comprising a first inner surface, a second, opposed outer surface, a third outer surface extending between said first and second surfaces, and an opening extending through said member from said first surface to said second surface, wherein said member is of a size sufficient to fit over one ear or horn of an animal with said ear or horn protruding through said opening, said first inner surface facing toward said head of said animal, and said second outer surface facing away from the head of said animal, and further wherein said apparatus is placed on the head of said animal with said ear or horn protruding through said opening. 28. The process of claim 27 wherein animal is not human. 29. The process of claim 28 wherein animal is selected from the group consisting of bovine, caprine, equine, ovine, and porcine. 30. In a method for treating an animal comprising applying a chemical agent to an animal wherein the improvement comprises said chemical agent being carried by an apparatus to be worn on the head or head and neck of an animal which comprises a first 3-dimensional loop-shaped member comprising a first inner surface, a second, opposed outer surface, a third outer surface extending between said first and second surfaces, and an opening extending through said member from said first surface to said second surface, wherein said member is of a size sufficient to fit over one ear or horn of an animal with said ear or horn protruding through said opening, said first inner surface facing toward said head of said animal, and said second outer surface facing away from the head of said animal, and further wherein said apparatus is placed on the head of said animal with said ear or horn protruding through said opening such that said chemical agent is in contact with said animal. 31. The process of claim 30 wherein animal is not human. 32. The process of claim 30 wherein animal is selected from the group consisting of bovine, caprine, equine, ovine, and porcine. 33. The process of claim 30 wherein said chemical agent is a pesticide. 34. An apparatus to be worn on the head or head and neck of an animal comprising a first 3-dimensional loop-shaped member comprising a first inner surface, a second, opposed outer surface, a third outer surface extending between said first and second surfaces, and an opening extending through said member from said first surface to said second surface, wherein said member is of a size sufficient to fit over one ear or horn of an animal with said ear or horn protruding through said opening, said first inner surface facing toward said head of said animal, and said second outer surface facing away from the head of said animal, and further comprising a transmitter effective for relaying a detectable signal to a receiver at a remote location, which said signal is effective for determining the position or direction of movement or both, of said animal, which said transmitter is incorporated into or onto said member or attached thereto. 35. The apparatus of claim 34 wherein said signal is a radio frequency signal. 36. An apparatus to be worn on the head or head and neck of an animal comprising a first 3-dimensional loop-shaped member comprising a first inner surface, a second, opposed outer surface, a third outer surface extending between said first and second surfaces, and an opening extending through said member from said first surface to said second surface, wherein said member is of a size sufficient to fit over one ear or horn of an animal with said ear or horn protruding through said opening, said first inner surface facing toward said head of said animal, and said second outer surface facing away from the head of said animal, and further comprising a telemetry system for receiving or transmitting data indicative of the position or direction of movement or both, of said animal, which said telemetry system unit is incorporated into or onto said member or attached thereto. 37. An apparatus to be worn on the head or head and neck of an animal comprising a first 3-dimensional loop-shaped member comprising a first inner surface, a second, opposed outer surface, a third outer surface extending between said first and second surfaces, and an opening extending through said member from said first surface to said second surface, wherein said member is of a size sufficient to fit over one ear or horn of an animal with said ear or horn protruding through said opening, said first inner surface facing toward said head of said animal, and said second outer surface facing away from the head of said animal, and further comprising a satellite positioning system receiver effective for determining the position of said animal, which said receiver is incorporated into or onto said member or attached thereto. 38. An apparatus to be worn on the head or head and neck of an animal comprising a first 3-dimensional loop-shaped member comprising a first inner surface, a second, opposed outer surface, a third outer surface extending between said first and second surfaces, and an opening extending through said member from said first surface to said second surface, wherein said member is of a size sufficient to fit over one ear or horn of an animal with said ear or horn protruding through said opening, said first inner surface facing toward said head of said animal, and said second outer surface facing away from the head of said animal, and further comprising an adhesive on said first surface for adhering said first surface directly to the head of said animal. 39. An apparatus to be worn on the head or head and neck of an animal comprising a first 3-dimensional loop-shaped member comprising a first inner surface, a second, opposed outer surface, a third outer surface extending between said first and second surfaces, and an opening extending through said member from said first surface to said second surface, wherein said member is of a size sufficient to fit over one ear or horn of an animal with said ear or horn protruding through said opening, said first inner surface facing toward said head of said animal, and said second outer surface facing away from the head of said animal, and wherein said first 3-dimensional loop-shaped member further comprises a chemical agent applicator effective for applying a chemical agent onto said head or ear or both of said animal. 40. The apparatus of claim 39 wherein said chemical agent applicator comprises a chemical agent impregnated member attached to a surface of said first loop-shaped member. 41. The apparatus of claim 39 wherein said chemical agent applicator comprises a reservoir for said chemical agent in communication with said first loop-shaped member effective for distributing pesticide onto a surface of said first loop-shaped member. 42. An apparatus to be worn on the head or head and neck of an animal comprising a first 3-dimensional loop-shaped member comprising a first inner surface, a second, opposed outer surface, a third outer surface extending between said first and second surfaces, and an opening extending through said member from said first surface to said second surface, wherein said member is of a size sufficient to fit over one ear or horn of an animal with said ear or horn protruding through said opening, said first inner surface facing toward said head of said animal, and said second outer surface facing away from the head of said animal, and further comprising an electronic identification device selected from the group consisting of a transmitter relaying animal identification information and a programmable computer chip containing animal identification information, which said electronic identification device is incorporated into or onto said member or attached thereto. 43. An apparatus to be worn on the head or head and neck of an animal comprising a first 3-dimensional loop-shaped member comprising a first inner surface, a second, opposed outer surface, a third outer surface extending between said first and second surfaces, and an opening extending through said member from said first surface to said second surface, wherein said member is of a size sufficient to fit over one ear or horn of an animal with said ear or horn protruding through said opening, said first inner surface facing toward said head of said animal, and said second outer surface facing away from the head of said animal, and further comprising a electrical power source selected from the group consisting of a battery, capacitor, and combinations thereof, which said power source is incorporated into or onto said member or attached thereto. 44. The apparatus of claim 43 further comprising a kinetic energy to power converter in communication with and effective for charging said power source. 45. The apparatus of claim 43 further comprising a solar panel in communication with and effective for charging said power source. 