A warning system for barriers of highways comprises a plurality of barrier plates erected on two sides of roads in a different distance arrangement, and each including an optical fiber and a power line for network connection and communication connected therewith, and including a plurality of LED warning lights and LED illumination lights attached thereon; a number of electric control boxes affixed onto the barrier plates in a different distance arrangement, and each electrically connecting with the optical fiber and the power line for controllably changing warning and illuminating signs of the LED warning lights and the LED illumination lights; a plurality of solar energy devices matching with the electrical control boxes for absorbing and storing solar energy to supply power in the night or in electricity shortage; multiple monitor stations severing to monitor the electrical control boxes for controlling the LED warning lights of the barrier plates to change warning signs.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A warning system for barriers of highways comprising: a number of barrier plates erected on two sides of roads in a different distance arrangement, and each including an optical fiber and a power line for network connection and communication connected therewith, and including a plurality of LED warning lights and LED illumination lights attached thereon; a plurality of electric control boxes affixed onto the barrier plates in a different distance arrangement, and each electrically connecting with the optical fiber and the power line for controllably changing warning and illuminating signs of said LED warning lights and said LED illumination lights; a plurality of solar energy devices matching with said electrical control boxes for absorbing and storing solar energy to supply power in the night or in electricity shortage; multiple monitor stations serving to monitor said electrical control boxes for controlling said LED warning lights of said barrier plates to change warning signs. 2. The warning system for barriers of highways as claimed in claim 1, wherein it is preferable that said LED illumination lights are spaced apart from each other on the basis of a 4 M distance. 3. The warning system for barriers of highways as claimed in claim 1, wherein it is preferable that said LED warning lights are spaced apart from each other on the basis of a 48 M distance. 4. The warning system for barriers of highways as claimed in claim 1, wherein it is preferable that said electric control boxes are spaced apart from each other on the basis of a 1 KM distance. 5. The warning system for barriers of highways as claimed in claim 1, wherein it is preferable that said monitor stations are spaced apart from each other on the basis of a 40 KM distance. 6. The warning system for barriers of highways as claimed in claim 1, wherein each of said LED warning light includes a plurality of LEDs arranged tightly. 7. The warning system for barriers of highways as claimed in claim 1, wherein each of said LED illumination lights includes a number of LEDs arranged in a highly concentrated manner. 8. The warning system for barriers of highways as claimed in claim 1, wherein each of said LED illumination lights includes multiple LEDs arranged in a loose manner. 9. The warning system for barriers of highways as claimed in claim 1, wherein each of said barrier plate further includes multiple network access points provided therein. 10. The warning system for barriers of highways as claimed in claim 9, wherein said network access points are spaced apart from each other on the basis of an 8 M distance. 