A convection cooling system for high-output Light Emitting Diodes in outdoor illumination applications. The cooling system takes advantage of wide-angle LED output so as to allow placement of cooling fins directly on the shaded underside of the molded or extruded support structure. Accordingly, the cooling system provides a relatively large convective surface area with a substantial portion of that surface shaded from solar radiation so as not to collect solar heat during daytime periods while still expelling heat as it is collected from finned portions that are exposed to sunlight and so do collect solar heat.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An LED cooler apparatus for an outdoor lighting unit exposed to direct sunlight during use, the apparatus comprising: a mounting flange on which is mounted at least one LED; a support rib extending from the mounting flange; at least one convective lower cooling fin extending substantially downwardly from the rib so as to be substantially shaded by the rib from the direct sunlight; and at least two upper cooling fins extending substantially upwardly from the rib opposite the at least one lower cooling fin, whereby the rib has the thermal sum of solar heat from the at least two upper cooling fins less the convection cooling by both the at least two upper fins and the at least one lower fin. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein: the support rib is substantially horizontal when the LED cooler apparatus is installed on the outdoor lighting unit; and the mounting flange is installed relative to the support rib at an acute angle. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the acute angle is between forty-five and ninety degrees. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein the acute angle is seventy degrees. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the at least one LED is a wide-angle optical emission LED. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein the at least one LED has an emission angle for down light of between forty-five and ninety degrees. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein the emission angle is at least seventy degrees. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein: the mounting flange is at an angle relative to vertical of between zero and forty-five degrees when the LED cooler apparatus is installed on the outdoor lighting unit; and the at least one LED is a wide-angle optical emission LED having an emission angle for down light of between forty-five and ninety degrees. 9. An LED cooler apparatus for an outdoor lighting unit exposed to direct sunlight during use, the apparatus comprising: a mounting flange on which is mounted at least one wide-angle optical emission LED having an emission angle for down light of between forty-five and ninety degrees, the mounting flange being at an angle relative to vertical of between zero and forty-five degrees when the LED cooler apparatus is installed on the outdoor lighting unit; a support rib extending from the mounting flange; at least two upper cooling fins extending substantially upwardly from the rib; and at least one lower cooling fin extending substantially downwardly from the rib offset from the mounting flange so as to be substantially shaded by the rib from the direct sunlight, whereby the acute angle of the mounting flange relative to the rib allows for a shaded convective surface area beneath the rib as defined at least in part by the at least one lower cooling fin, and whereby the rib has the thermal sum of solar heat from the at least two upper cooling fins less the convection cooling by both the at least two upper fins and the at least one lower fin. 10. An LED cooler apparatus for an outdoor lighting unit exposed to direct sunlight during use, the apparatus comprising: a mounting flange on which is mounted at least one LED, the mounting flange being at an acute angle relative to vertical when the LED cooler apparatus is installed on the outdoor lighting unit; and a support structure extending from the mounting flange, the support structure defining an upper convective surface substantially exposed to the direct sunlight and having an upper convective surface area, and a lower convective surface substantially shaded by the support structure from the direct sunlight and having a lower convective surface area, whereby the acute angle of the mounting flange relative to the support structure allows for the shaded lower convective surface, and whereby the support structure has the thermal sum of solar heat from the upper convective surface less the convection cooling by both the upper and lower convective surfaces. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the lower convective surface area is at least twenty-five percent of the upper convective surface area. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the support structure comprises: a rib extending from the mounting flange; at least two upper cooling fins extending substantially upwardly from the rib and comprising the upper convective surface; and at least one lower cooling fin extending substantially downwardly from the rib and comprising the lower convective surface. 13. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein: the mounting flange is at an angle of roughly twenty degrees relative to vertical; and the at least one LED is a wide-angle optical emission LED having an emission angle for down light of at least seventy degrees. 14. A method of using an LED cooler apparatus to convection cool an outdoor lighting unit exposed to direct sunlight during use, the method comprising the steps of: installing at least one LED on a mounting flange; mounting the mounting flange on a support structure so as to form the LED cooler apparatus; and positioning the LED cooler apparatus on the outdoor lighting unit such that the mounting flange is at an acute angle relative to vertical, whereby an upper convective surface is formed above the support structure so as to be substantially exposed to the direct sunlight and a lower convective surface is formed beneath the support structure so as to be substantially shaded from the direct sunlight, and whereby the support structure has the thermal sum of solar heat from the upper convective surface less the convection cooling by both the upper and lower convective surfaces. 