A motorized portable appliance which monitors, and automatically selects, one of multiple power sources. The motorized portable appliance includes an electric motor, a secondary battery and at least one other source of electrical power, and an automatic control to switch between the secondary battery and the other source of electrical power, which may be mains electrical power, an external secondary battery, an on-board secondary battery, an automotive battery, a solar photovoltaic array, or a primary battery. Power conditioning circuitry converts power from the various power sources to a form compatible with the electric motor and recovers remaining power from depleted primary batteries.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A motorized portable appliance comprising: an electric motor; a secondary battery as a source of electrical power for the electric motor; at least one other source of electrical power for the electric motor; and an automatic control to switch between said secondary battery and said at least one other source of electrical power to provide electrical power to said electric motor; wherein said automatic control uses an order of priority in selecting one of multiple sources of electrical power. 2. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 1, said automatic control including a power conditioning circuit to convert power from said secondary battery and from said other source of electrical power to provide electrical power at a voltage, phase, and frequency compatible with said electric motor. 3. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 1, wherein said other source of electrical power is mains electrical power. 4. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 3, wherein said mains electrical power comes from an AC adapter. 5. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 3, wherein said mains electrical power comes from a plug for a cigarette lighter socket to provide electrical power from an automotive battery. 6. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 3, wherein said mains electrical power comes from a solar photovoltaic array. 7. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 3, said automatic control having a charging means to charge the secondary batteries from the mains electrical power. 8. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 1, said other source of electrical power having at least one primary battery. 9. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a sense means for detecting at least one abnormal condition, said at least one abnormal condition selected from a group consisting of a reversed cell in a battery, a mix of battery types, a shorted battery, or a mix of old and new batteries, said sense means activating an indicator upon detecting any such a condition. 10. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 1, said automatic control including a voltage conversion means which uses partially depleted primary batteries to recharge said secondary battery. 11. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 1, said automatic control including a voltage conversions means which uses current from solar photovoltaic cells to recharge the secondary batteries. 12. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 1, wherein the automatic control has a receptacle for receiving additional secondary batteries to increase power capacity. 13. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 12, wherein the receptacle includes an adapter for mechanically and electrically mating an external secondary battery with the motorized portable appliance. 14. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 13, said automatic control including a charging means to charge the secondary battery from the external secondary battery. 15. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 1, wherein said automatic control first determines if a solar photovoltaic array is available, and if so, uses the solar voltaic cell to supply power to the electric motor. 16. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 15, wherein said automatic control second determines if mains electrical power is available, and if so, uses the mains electrical power to supply power to the electric motor. 17. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 16, wherein said automatic control third determines if an external secondary battery is available, and if so, uses the external secondary battery to supply power to the electric motor. 18. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 17, wherein said automatic control fourth determines if an on-board secondary battery is available, and if so, uses the on-board secondary battery to supply power to the electric motor. 19. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 18, wherein said automatic control fifth determines if a primary battery is available, and if so, uses the primary battery to supply power to the electric motor. 20. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 19, wherein said automatic control sixth determines if depleted primary cells are available, and if so, uses the depleted primary cells to charge the on-board secondary battery or the external secondary battery. 21. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 1, wherein said automatic control includes a power conditioning circuit to convert power to a different voltage and current than the power sources would normally supply if the power sources were directly attached to the electric motor. 22. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 21, wherein said power conditioning circuit includes a DC to DC converter. 23. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 22, wherein said power conditioning circuit includes an inverter to provide AC power to the electric motor. 24. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 21, wherein said power conditioning circuit includes a potentiometer for continuously variable speed control of the electric motor. 25. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 21, wherein the power conditioning circuit and an on-board secondary battery form a power pack. 26. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 25, wherein electric motor and the power pack are connected by an electric cable with the cable terminated at the electric motor by a personality module. 27. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 26, wherein the personality module includes a programming resistor that completes a voltage divider circuit to provide feedback for closed loop control of conditioned voltage at the electric motor. 28. The motorized portable appliance as claimed in claim 26, wherein the personality module includes a current limiting resistor to emulate the internal resistance of the secondary battery. 29. A method for automatically selecting one of multiple power sources for an electric load, said method comprising the steps of: determining if a solar photovoltaic array is available, and if so, using the solar voltaic cell to supply power to the electric load, if a solar photovoltaic array is not available, determining if mains electrical power is available, and if so, using the mains electrical power to supply power to the electric load, and using an automatic control with an order of priority in selecting one of multiple sources of electrical power. 30. The method for automatically selecting one of multiple power sources as claimed in claim 29, said method comprising the additional step of: determining if an external secondary battery is available, and if so, using the external secondary battery to supply power to the electric load. 31. The method for automatically selecting one of multiple power sources as claimed in claim 30, said method comprising the additional step of: determining if an on-board secondary battery is available, and if so, using the on-board secondary battery to supply power to the electric load. 32. The method for automatically selecting one of multiple power sources as claimed in claim 31, said method comprising the additional step of: determining if a primary battery is available, and if so, using the primary battery to supply power to the electric load. 33. The method for automatically selecting one of multiple power sources as claimed in claim 29, said method comprising the additional step of: if a primary battery is not available, determining if depleted primary cells are available, and if so, using the depleted primary cells to charge the on-board secondary battery or the external secondary battery. 34. An intelligent power pack for supplying electrical power to an electrical load, said intelligent power pack comprising: a secondary battery as a source of electrical power for the electrical load; at least one other source of electrical power for the electrical load; and an automatic control to switch between said secondary battery and said at least one other source of electrical power to provide electrical power to said electrical load; wherein said automatic control uses an order of priority in selecting one of multiple sources of electrical power. 35. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 34, said automatic control including a power conditioning circuit to convert power from said secondary battery and from said other source of electrical power to provide electrical power at a voltage, phase, and frequency compatible with said electrical load. 36. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 34, wherein said other source of electrical power is mains electrical power. 37. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 36, wherein said mains electrical power comes from an AC adapter. 38. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 36, wherein said mains electrical power comes from a plug for a cigarette lighter socket to provide electrical power from an automotive battery. 39. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 36, wherein said mains electrical power comes from a solar photovoltaic array. 40. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 36, said automatic control having a charging means to charge the secondary batteries from the mains electrical power. 41. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 34, said other source of electrical power having at least one primary battery. 42. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 34, further comprising a sense means for detecting at least one abnormal condition, said at least one abnormal condition selected from a group consisting of a reversed cell in a battery, a mix of battery types, a shorted battery, or a mix of old and new batteries, said sense means activating an indicator upon detecting any such a condition. 43. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 34, said automatic control including a voltage conversion means which uses partially depleted primary batteries to recharge said secondary battery. 44. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 34, said automatic control including a voltage conversions means which uses current from solar photovoltaic cells to recharge the secondary batteries. 45. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 34, wherein the automatic control has a receptacle for receiving additional secondary batteries to increase power capacity. 46. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 45, wherein the receptacle includes an adapter for mechanically and electrically mating an external secondary battery with the electrical load. 47. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 34, wherein said automatic control first determines if a solar photovoltaic array is available, and if so, uses the solar voltaic cell to supply power to the electrical load. 48. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 47, wherein said automatic control second determines if mains electrical power is available, and if so, uses the mains electrical power to supply power to the electrical load. 49. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 48, wherein said automatic control third determines if an external secondary battery is available, and if so, uses the external secondary battery to supply power to the electrical load. 50. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 49, wherein said automatic control fourth determines if an on-board secondary battery is available, and if so, uses the on-board secondary battery to supply power to the electrical load. 51. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 50, wherein said automatic control fifth determines if a primary battery is available, and if so, uses the primary battery to supply power to the electrical load. 52. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 51, wherein said automatic control sixth determines if depleted primary cells are available, and if so, uses the depleted primary cells to charge the on-board secondary battery or the external secondary battery. 53. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 34, wherein said automatic control includes a power conditioning circuit to convert power to a different voltage and current than the power sources would normally supply if the power sources were directly attached to the electrical load. 54. An intelligent power pack for supplying electrical power to an electrical load, said intelligent power pack comprising: a USB power supply as a source of electrical power for an electrical load; a 12 volt DC power supply connectible to a vehicular battery as a source of electrical power for an electrical load; and an automatic control to switch between said USB power supply and said 12 volt DC power supply to provide electrical power to said electrical load wherein said automatic control uses an order of priority in selecting one of multiple sources of electrical power. 55. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 54, further comprising: a 120 volt AC power supply as a source of electrical power for an electrical load, said automatic control to switch between said USB power supply, said 12 volt DC power supply, and said 120 volt AC power supply to provide electrical power to said electrical load. 56. The intelligent power pack as claimed in claim 54, said automatic control including a power conditioning circuit to convert power from said USB power supply and from said 12 volt DC power supply to provide electrical power at a voltage, phase, and frequency compatible with said electrical load. 