A distributed charging system for electric and hybrid electric vehicles includes multiple battery packs of different voltages including high voltage battery packs and one or more low voltage battery packs, each having separate and independent charging systems and multiple sources of electric power. Electric power is distributed from the sources of electric power separately to each of the independent charging systems. A drive system for the electric or hybrid electric vehicle includes a stored energy system made up of these multiple battery packs and a master events controller controlling at least one of a) a traction drive system including a motor and controller for receiving driving electric energy from a stored energy system for propulsion of the vehicle, b), an auxiliary power system for recharging the battery packs and c) a vehicle monitoring and control network for controlling the operation of, and monitoring all bus systems in the vehicle.
Claims We claim: 1. A distributed charging system for electric and hybrid electric vehicles, the distributed charging system comprising: multiple battery packs; said battery packs having separate and independent charging systems and separate and independent battery management systems, the battery management systems controlling their respective independent charging systems; multiple sources of electric power for said independent charging systems; and means for distributing said electric power from said sources of electric power separately to each of said independent charging systems, wherein each battery management system is in communication with a vehicle monitoring control system, and wherein each battery pack has a separate and independent thermal management system controlled by its respective battery management system. 2. The distributed charging system of claim 1 wherein said battery packs are of different voltages. 3. The distributed charging system of claim 2 wherein said battery packs are high voltage battery packs. 4. The distributed charging system as in claim 1 further comprising at least one low voltage power pack. 5. The distributed charging system of claim 1 wherein the battery packs are high voltage battery packs connected in series during motor vehicle operation. 6. The distributed charging system as in claim 1 wherein the battery packs are connected in parallel during motor vehicle operation. 7. The distributed charging system of claim 1 wherein at least one of said sources of electric power is an onboard auxiliary power unit comprising an internal combustion engine. 8. The distributed charging system of claim 1 wherein at least one of said sources of electric power is an off-board power supply. 9. The distributed charging system of claim 1 wherein at least one of said sources of electric power is an AC power supply. 10. The distributed charging system of claim 1 wherein at least one of said sources of electric power is a DC power supply. 11. The distributed charging system of claim 1 wherein power is supplied to each of said battery packs from a mains supply. 12. The distributed charging system of claim 1 wherein one of said sources is solar energy. 13. The distributed charging system of claim 1 wherein all said sources of electric power are integrated into a single power supply distribution block. 14. The distributed charging system of claim 1 wherein each said battery pack of a battery compartment has associated therewith at least one sub-system requiring a different voltage than that of a main battery voltage for said battery pack, thereby requiring at least one of a lower and/or higher voltage battery compartment for said battery compartment. 15. A distributed charging system for a plurality of battery packs for vehicles, the distributed charging system comprising: a separate and independent charging system for each battery pack of the battery packs; a separate and independent battery management system for each battery pack of the battery packs, wherein the battery management system controls a respective independent charging system; and an independent thermal management system for each battery pack controlled by its respective battery management system, wherein each battery management system is in communication with a vehicle monitoring control system. 16. The distributed charging system as in claim 15 further comprising at least one low voltage power pack. 17. The distributed charging system of claim 15 wherein said battery packs are high voltage battery packs. 18. The distributed charging system of claim 15 wherein the high voltage battery packs are connected in series during motor vehicle operation. 19. The distributed charging system as in claim 15 wherein the battery packs are connected in parallel during motor vehicle operation. 20. The distributed charging system of claim 15 wherein at least one of said sources of electric power is an onboard auxiliary power unit comprising an internal combustion engine. 21. The distributed charging system of claim 15 wherein at least one of said sources of electric power is an off-board power supply. 22. The distributed charging system of claim 15 in which at least one of said sources of electric power is an AC power supply. 23. A distributed charging system for vehicles, the distributed charging system comprising: a plurality of battery packs, the battery packs having separate and independent charging systems, separate and independent battery management systems, and separate and independent thermal management system, wherein each of the battery management systems controls a respective charging system of the independent charging systems and a respective thermal management system of the thermal management systems and wherein each battery management system is in communication with a vehicle monitoring control system. 24. The distributed charging system of claim 23 wherein the battery packs are configured as a stored energy system. 25. The distributed charging system of claim 24 further comprising an input of receiving power from an APU and mains. 26. The distributed charging system of claim 15 wherein the thermal management system, and the battery management system are coupled to a local star network. 27. The distributed charging system of claim 15, wherein the battery packs are coupled to multiple power sources in series or in parallel. 