The present invention provides numerous methods, systems and apparatus that use a novel form of water budgeting technology for water conservation without the use of complex ET (Evapotranspiration) data or methods. Embodiments include incorporating the technology directly into irrigation controllers, into modules added on to existing controllers, or into central units that broadcast a water budget that can alter the schedules of one, many, or selected groups of remotely located controllers or modules. The various methods of the present invention offer the choice of adjusting the station run times, accumulating the water budgets, altering the watering intervals, and/or combining the present water budgeting technology with local watering communities' restricted watering schedules. The result offers residential, commercial, and municipal users a wide range of practical choices for effective water conservation in landscape irrigation with temperature based water budgeting.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for controlling the use of irrigation water comprising the steps of: a. producing a water budget ratio using a measured high temperature for a current time period and non-evapotranspiration based geo-environmental data for a location; b. changing at least one irrigation schedule using said ratio. 2. The method of claim 1 comprising the additional step of modifying said water budget ratio based on the input from at least one environmental sensor. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein said at least one environmental sensor is selected form the group of: temperature, precipitation, solar, wind, humidity, and combination thereof. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein said at least one irrigation schedule is changed by multiplying at least one watering time period by said ratio. 5. A method for controlling the use of irrigation water comprising the steps of: a. establishing a watering threshold; b. producing periodic water budget ratios for a location using measured high temperatures for current time periods at said location and non-evapotranspiration based geo-environmental data for said location; c. accumulating said periodic water budget ratios over time; and d. allowing watering to take place when said accumulated ratios reach said threshold. 6. The method of claim 5 comprising the additional step of resetting said accumulated ratios after irrigation has taken place. 7. A method for controlling the use of irrigation water comprising the steps of: a. establishing a watering threshold; b. producing periodic water budget ratios for a location using measured high temperatures for current time periods at said location and non-evapotranspiration based geo-environmental data for said location; c. accumulating said periodic water budget ratios over time until said threshold is reached; and d. allowing watering to take place when both (i) said accumulated ratios have at least reached said threshold and (ii) watering is allowed. 8. A method for controlling the use of irrigation water comprising the steps of: a. producing a periodic water budget ratio for a location using a measured high temperature for a current time period at said location and non-evapotranspiration based geo-environmental data for said location; b. calculating a watering interval using said water budget ratio; c. preventing irrigation until said watering interval is reached. 9. A method of controlling a schedule of at least one electronically operated irrigation valve comprising the steps of: a. establishing a cumulative watering budget ratio threshold; b. calculating periodic water budget ratios by comparing stored geo-environmental data with current non-evapotranspiration geo-environmental data; c. accumulating said periodic water budget ratios until said threshold is reached; d. allowing irrigation to occur according to said accumulated ratios when said threshold is reached. 10. A method of controlling a schedule of at least one electronically operated irrigation valve comprising the steps of: a. establishing a watering budget ratio threshold; b. calculating periodic water budget ratios by comparing stored geo-environmental data with current non-evapotranspiration geo-environmental data; c. accumulating said periodic water budget ratios until a time when said threshold is reached; d. providing a schedule of allowed watering times; and e. allowing irrigation to occur according to said accumulated ratios when said threshold and an allowed watering time have been reached. 11. A method of controlling irrigation comprising the steps of: a. installing a module between an irrigation controller and at least one electronically operated valve, said module containing at least one schedule of allowed watering times not derived using evapotranspiration data; b. selecting one of said schedules; and c. disabling said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed according to said selected schedule. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein said module is provided with programming to calculate a water budget ratio in said module without using evapotranspiration data. 13. The method of claim 12 comprising the additional steps of attaching an environmental sensor to said module, and providing programming to disable said at least one valve based on input from said sensor. 14. The method of claim 11 wherein said at least one schedule is a municipal watering schedule. 15. The method of claim 11 wherein said plurality of at least one schedule is a drought stage. 16. A method of affecting an irrigation schedule of a controller comprising the steps of: a. installing a programmable module between said controller and at least one electronically operated valve associated therewith, said module being in communication with at least one environmental sensor; b. programming said module with at least one schedule of allowed watering times; c. calculating a water budget ratio in said module without using evapotranspiration data; d. adjusting said irrigation schedule according to said water budget ratio; and e. disabling said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed. 17. A method of affecting a watering schedule of at least one irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. calculating a water budget ratio externally from said at least one controller without using evapotranspiration data; b. communicating a signal to at least one module provided between said at least one controller and at least one electronically operated valve, said signal containing said water budget ratio and one of the following: identification information, allowed watering times data, and combinations thereof; and c. said module adjusting said watering schedule according to said signal. 18. A method of affecting a watering schedule of at least one irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. calculating a water budget ratio externally from said at least one controller without using evapotranspiration data; b. communicating a signal to at least one controller, said signal containing said water budget ratio and one of the following: identification information, allowed watering times data, and combinations thereof; and c. said controller adjusting said watering schedule according to said signal. 19. A method of affecting a watering schedule of at least one irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. communicating a signal to at least one module provided between said at least one irrigation controller and at least one electronically operated valve, said signal containing one of the following: module identification information, allowed watering times data, environmental sensor data, and combinations thereof; b. calculating a water budget ratio in said module without using evapotranspiration data; c. determining in said module whether watering is allowed; and d. said module adjusting said watering schedule according to said water budget ratio and allowed watering times data. 20. A method of affecting watering accomplished using an irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. providing a schedule of allowed watering times not derived using evapotranspiration data to said controller in communication with at least one irrigation valve; and b. said controller disabling said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed according to said schedule. 21. A method of affecting a watering schedule of at least one irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. providing said controller with a schedule of allowed watering times; b. calculating a water budget ratio without using evapotranspiration data; c. adjusting said watering schedule according to said watering times and said water ratio. 22. An irrigation control device comprising a programmable module provided between an irrigation controller and at least one electronically operated valve, said module further comprising: a. at least one input for communication with a controller output; b. at least one output for communication with said at least one valve; c. at least one separate input for receiving a schedule of allowed watering times; d. a microprocessor with programming to calculate a water budget without using evapotranspiration data, and programming to disable said controller output at times when watering is not allowed; and e. at least one environmental sensor in communication with said microprocessor. 23. An irrigation control device comprising: a. a central broadcasting unit, said broadcasting unit further comprising: (1) a microprocessor with data storage and programming to calculate a water budget ratio without using evapotranspiration data; (2) at least one environmental sensor in communication with said microprocessor; (3) at least one input for receiving a schedule of allowed watering times; (4) a transmitter for broadcasting a signal that includes one of the set of: a water budget ratio, identification information, allowed watering data, and combinations thereof; and b. at least one programmable module provided between an irrigation controller and at least one electronically operated valve, said module further comprising: (1) a microprocessor with programming to perform one of the set of: interpreting said identification information, implementing said water budget ratio, disabling said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed, and combinations thereof; (2) a receiver for receiving said broadcast signal; (3) at least one input to said microprocessor for communication with a controller output; and (4) at least one output from said microprocessor for communication with said at least one valve. 24. An irrigation control device comprising: a. a central broadcasting unit, said broadcasting unit further comprising: (1) a microprocessor with data storage and programming to calculate a water budget ratio without using evapotranspiration data; (2) at least one environmental sensor in communication with said microprocessor; (3) at least one input for receiving a schedule of allowed watering times; (4) a transmitter for broadcasting a signal that includes one of the set of: said water budget ratio, identification information, allowed watering data, and combinations thereof; and b. at least one programmable controller in communication with at least one electronically operated valve, said controller further comprising: (1) a microprocessor with programming to perform one of the set of: interpreting said identification information, implementing said water budget ratio, disabling said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed, and combinations thereof; (2) a receiver for receiving said broadcast signal; and (3) at least one output from said microprocessor for communication with said at least one valve. 25. An irrigation control device comprising: a. a central broadcasting unit, said broadcasting unit further comprising: (1) a microprocessor in communication with at least one input for receiving a schedule of allowed watering times; (2) a transmitter for broadcasting a signal that includes one of the set of: identification information, allowed watering data, and combinations thereof; and b. at least one programmable module provided between an irrigation controller and at least one electronically operated valve, said module further comprising: (1) a microprocessor with data storage and programming to calculate a water budget ratio without using evapotranspiration data, and programming to perform one of the set of: identifying said module, implementing said water budget ratio, disabling said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed, and combinations thereof; (2) a receiver for receiving said broadcast signal; and (3) at least one environmental sensor in communication with said microprocessor; (4) at least one input to said microprocessor for communication with a controller output; and (5) at least one output from said microprocessor for communication with said at least one valve. 26. An irrigation control device comprising: a. a central broadcasting unit, said broadcasting unit further comprising: (1) a microprocessor in communication with at least one input for receiving a schedule of allowed watering times; (2) a transmitter for broadcasting a signal that includes one of the set of: identification information, allowed watering data, environmental sensor data and combinations thereof; and b. at least one programmable module provided between an irrigation controller and at least one electronically operated valve, said module further comprising: (1) a microprocessor with data storage and programming to calculate a water budget ratio without using evapotranspiration data, and programming to perform one of the set of: identifying said module, implementing said water budget ratio, disabling said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed, and combinations thereof; (2) a receiver for receiving said broadcast signal; and (3) at least one input to said microprocessor for communication with a controller output; and (4) at least one output from said microprocessor for communication with said at least one valve. 27. An irrigation control device comprising a programmable irrigation controller in communication with at least one electronically operated valve, said controller further comprising a microprocessor with non-evapotranspiration based programming to select a schedule of allowed watering times and programming to disable said at least one valve according to said schedule. 28. An irrigation control device comprising a programmable irrigation controller in communication with at least one electronically operated valve, said controller further comprising a microprocessor with programming to select a schedule of allowed watering times, to calculate a water budget ratio without using evapotranspiration data, and to alter a watering schedule for said at least one valve according to said water budget and schedule. 29. A device for altering the schedule of at least one electronically operated irrigation valve comprising a programmable module in communication with said valve, said module further comprising a microprocessor adapted to receive a schedule of allowed watering times, and to receive a threshold watering percentage, said microprocessor including programming to calculate a water budget ratio without using evapotranspiration data, and programming to alter said watering schedule for said at least one valve according to one of the following: said water budget ratio, said threshold percentage, said schedule, and combinations thereof. 30. The device of claim 29 wherein said microprocessor is further adapted to receive location information. 31. An irrigation controller comprising: a. a power source; b. a microprocessor with programming to calculate a water budget without using evapotranspiration data; c. at least one water control switch in communication with said microprocessor. 32. An apparatus for adjusting an irrigation schedule of at least one controller comprising: a. a means for calculating a water budget without using evapotranspiration data; b. a means for communicating said water budget to one of the group of (i) said at least one controller and (ii) an electronic module provided between a controller and its associated valves; and c. a means for changing said irrigation schedule using said water budget. 33. The apparatus of claim 32 wherein said communication means is selected from the group of wired and wireless. 34. The apparatus of claim 32 wherein said water budget is modified by an input from a sensor selected from the group of: precipitation, temperature, solar, wind, humidity, and combinations thereof. 35. The apparatus of claim 32 wherein said at least one controller is remotely located from said apparatus. 36. The apparatus of claim 32 wherein said at least one controller is powered by one of the group of: AC, DC, solar power, battery power, wind power, water power, and ambient light power. 37. A method of adjusting a station operating time of at least one irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. calculating a water budget without the use of evapotranspiration data; b. communicating said water budget to said at least one controller; and c. adjusting said station operating time with said water budget. 38. The method of claim 37 comprising the additional step of modifying said water budget by an input from a sensor selected from the group of: precipitation, temperature, solar, wind, humidity, and combinations thereof. 39. The method of claim 37 comprising the additional steps of accumulating said water budgets over time until a predetermined threshold is attained, and using said accumulated budgets to adjust said schedule. 40. A method of altering an irrigation schedule of at least one satellite controller from a central computer in communication with said at least one controller comprising the steps of: a. providing said central computer with a non-evapotranspiration based water budget; b. broadcasting said water budget to said at least one controller; and c. said at least one controller modifying an irrigation schedule using said water budget. 41. A method of altering an irrigation schedule of at least one satellite controller from a central computer in communication with said at least one controller comprising the steps of: a. said central computer calculating a non-evapotranspiration based water budget; b. broadcasting said water budget to said at least one controller; and c. said at least one controller modifying an irrigation schedule using said water budget. 42. A method of adjusting a station operating time of at least one controller comprising the steps of providing said controller with a non-evapotranspiration based water budget, and changing said station operating time according to said budget. 43. The method of claim 42 comprising the additional step of modifying station operating time using said water budget. 44. The method of claim 42 comprising the additional steps of: a. accumulating said water budgets; and b. preventing irrigation until the accumulation of said water budgets reaches a predetermined threshold. 45. The method of claim 42 comprising the additional step of altering an irrigation cycle to start at intervals based upon said water budget. 46. The method of claim 42 wherein said water budget is provided by wireless means. 47. A method of adjusting a watering cycle of at least one irrigation controller comprising the steps of periodically calculating a water budget using non-evapotranspiration based geo-environmental data, and modifying said watering cycle using said water budget. 48. The method of claim 47 comprising the additional steps of: a. accumulating said water budgets; and b. preventing irrigation until the accumulation of said water budgets reaches a predetermined threshold. 49. The method of claim 47 comprising the additional step of starting an irrigation cycle at a watering interval based upon said calculated water budget. 50. An irrigation controller comprising: a. att least one environmental sensor in communication with a microprocessor; b. said microprocessor being capable of calculating a non-evapotranspiration based water budget using input from said at least one sensor; and c. an output switch in communication with said microprocessor. 51. The controller of claim 50 wherein said at least one environmental sensor is selected from the group of: temperature, precipitation, wind, humidity, solar radiation and combinations thereof. 52. The controller of claim 50 wherein said at least one sensor communicates with said controller by a means selected from the group of wired and wireless. 53. A central budgeting module for altering a cycle of at least one field irrigation controller comprising: a. a microprocessor with programming to calculate a non-evapotranspiration based water budget; b. at least one environmental sensor in communication with said microprocessor; c. a means of communicating said water budget to said at least one controller, and d. a means in said controller for altering said cycle according to said water budget. 54. The module of claim 53 wherein said at least one environmental sensor is selected from the group of: temperature, precipitation, wind, humidity, solar radiation and combinations thereof. 55. The module of claim 53 said at least one sensor communicates with said controller by a means selected from the group of wired and wireless. 56. The module of claim 53 wherein said module is powered by one of the group of: AC, DC, solar power, battery power, wind power, water power, and ambient light power. 57. A method for providing a water budget to a controller within an enclosure comprising the steps of: a. providing a temperature sensor at a location within said controller enclosure that is near ground level; and b. the controller calculating said water budget using data from said temperature sensor without using evapotranspiration data. 58. A self-contained smart irrigation device comprising: a. an irrigation controller mounted within an outdoor enclosure; b. a temperature sensor mounted within said enclosure, and c. a microprocessor capable of calculating a water budget without using evapotranspiration data. 59. The controller of claim 58 further comprising a precipitation sensor associated with said enclosure in communication with said microprocessor for providing data used in calculating said water budget. 60. A method of governing the output of an irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. providing a programmable module on a common output line between said controller and at least one valve associated with said controller; b. programming said module with a set of watering restrictions not derived using evapotranspiration data; and c. disabling the common line to said at least one valve during said watering restrictions. 61. The method of claim 60 comprising the additional step of modifying said watering restrictions according to one or more drought stages. 62. A device for controlling the output of an irrigation controller to comply with restricted watering schedules comprising: a. a power source; b. a module with a memory containing at least one pre-defined watering schedule not derived using evapotranspiration data that complies with said restricted watering schedules; c. a means for selecting one of said pre-defined watering schedules; and d. at least one cutoff switch connected to said controller output. 63. The device of claim 62 further comprising a display with data input means. 64. The device of claim 62 further comprising an override function. 65. The device of claim 62 further comprising a battery voltage monitoring function. 66. The device of claim 62 wherein said power source is selected from the group of AC, DC, solar, and ambient light. 67. The device of claim 62 wherein said device is battery powered. 68. A method of governing the output of an irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. attaching a device containing locally set restricted watering schedules not derived using evapotranspiration data to the output of an existing irrigation controller; and b. cutting off at least one output of said controller based upon said at least one restricted watering schedule. 69. A method of adjusting an irrigation schedule of at least one irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. calculating a water budget without the use of evapotranspiration data; b. communicating said water budget to said at least one controller; and c. adjusting said irrigation schedule with said water budget. 70. A method of governing the operation of at least one valve of an irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. placing an electronic module having a switch on a common line between said controller and said at least one valve; b. providing said module with at least one schedule of allowed watering times; c. establishing a watering threshold; d. producing periodic water budget ratios for a location using input from at least one environmental sensor at said location and non-evapotranspiration based geo-environmental data for said location; e. accumulating said periodic water budget ratios until said threshold is reached; and f. closing said switch to allow operation of said valves when both (i) said accumulated ratios have at least reached said threshold and (ii) watering is allowed according to said schedule. 71. A method of governing the operation of at least one valve of an irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. installing an electronic module having a switch on a line between said controller and said at least one valve; b. providing said module with a schedule of allowed watering times; c. calculating a water budget ratio in said module without using evapotranspiration data; and d. said module controlling the operation of said at least one valve by opening and closing said switch according to said allowed watering times and said water budget ratio. 