The present invention relates to a rain sensor that adaptively functions in a variety of different modes when deployed on vehicle windows of different thicknesses and compositions. The arrangement of multiple lens segments and reflecting surfaces in a nonsequential configuration allows utilization of a greater proportion of light rays from the at least two emitters. Further, a greater portion of the light rays emitted by the at least two emitters is captured by the lens segments and reflectors arranged about at least two detectors, and directed to the detectors. Connection to analytical circuitry then allows interpretation of electrical signals, which in turn control, for example, window wiper systems.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An optical rain sensor for efficiently detecting moisture on a vehicle window having a thickness between 4-12 mm and a corresponding infrared radiation transmission comprising: an optical coupler into which optical elements are molded, wherein the optical elements comprise a plurality of lens segments for directing infrared rays, and further wherein, the optical coupler is mechanically and optically coupled to a major surface of the vehicle window having a thickness T, and infrared radiation transmittance Tir; a housing detachably mounted to the coupler; a circuit board mounted within the housing and being substantially parallel to the vehicle window; and electronic components mounted on the circuit board comprising at least two emitters of infrared radiation each producing rays over a 180.degree. hemisphere substantially normal to the circuit board and at least two detectors of infrared radiation each detecting rays over a 180.degree. hemisphere substantially normal to the circuit board; the plurality of lens segments being integrally molded into the optical coupler proximate, and at a height above, each of the at least two emitters and at least two detectors, whereby infrared rays emitted from the at least two emitters are collimated, and then directed, nonsequentially, in one or more of at least four optical paths by the plurality of lens segments through the vehicle window and back to the at least two detectors, wherein the specific optical path followed by the infrared radiation is dependent on T and Tir. 2. The optical rain sensor defined in claim 1, wherein T=4.0-6.5 mm, Tir=17-75%, rays useful for sensing moisture are directed, primarily, by at least one: on-axis collimator lens, above-emitter collimator lens, on-axis receiver lens and above-detector receiver lens. 3. The optical rain sensor defined in claim 1, wherein T=6.5-9.5 mm, Tir=20-70%, rays useful for sensing moisture are directed, primarily, by at least one: above-emitter collimator lens and above-detector receiver lens, and emitter-side folder structure and on-axis receiver lens, as well as, on-axis collimator lens and receiver folder structure. 4. The optical rain sensor defined in claim 1, wherein T=9.5-12 mm, Tir=20-65%, rays useful for sensing moisture are directed, primarily by at least one: emitter-side folder structure and detector-side folder structure. 5. The optical rain sensor defined in claim 1, wherein T.ltoreq.4.0 mm, Tir>70%, rays useful for sensing moisture are directed, primarily, by at least one: on-axis collimator lens and on-axis receiver lens, above-emitter collimator lens and above-detector receiver lens, as well as one or more deflections off a center coupler region. 6. The optical rain sensor defined in claim 1, wherein the optical elements are molded from the group consisting of acrylic and polycarbonate materials. 7. The optical rain sensor defined in claim 1, wherein the infrared rays are collimated by at least one on-axis collimator lens and at least one above-emitter collimator lens. 8. The optical rain sensor defined in claim 1, wherein the at least two emitters comprise a microprocessor which emit rays over a 180.degree. hemisphere. 9. The optical rain sensor defined in claim 1, wherein the at least two detectors comprise one chosen from the group consisting of: a photodiode, a phototransitor, a photovoltaic cell, or a photo-resistor. 10. A moisture sensor for mounting on a first inner surface of a windshield having a thickness T, for detecting water on a plurality of sensing areas on a second outer surface of the windshield, the moisture sensor comprising: a) a coupler having a mounting surface and an integrally molded multi-functional optical surface, mountable on the first surface of the windshield; b) a housing detachably secured to the coupler; c) a planar circuit board secured in the housing and having a device surface which is disposed substantially parallel to the first surface of the windshield; d) a first emitter for emitting light rays, the first emitter being mounted on the device surface of the circuit board, disposed at a first corner of a square; e) a second emitter for emitting light rays, the second emitter being mounted on the device surface of the circuit board, disposed at a second corner of the square, opposite the first corner; f) each of the first and second emitters producing rays over a 180.degree. hemisphere substantially normal to the circuit board having identical emitter groups of optical elements for guiding light rays nonsequentially into the windshield, each emitter group comprising: (i) two collimator lenses for collimating light; and (ii) two folder lens structures for redirecting light; g) a first detector mounted on the device surface of the circuit board and disposed at a third corner of the square, for receiving light rays along a first optical path from the first emitter, and for receiving light along a second optical path from the second emitter; h) a second detector mounted on the device surface of the circuit board and disposed at a fourth corner of the square, for receiving light rays along a third optical path from the first emitter, and for receiving light along a fourth optical path from the second emitter; and i) each of the first and second detectors detecting rays over a 180.degree. hemisphere substantially normal to the circuit board, comprising identical receiver groups of optical elements adjacently disposed, each receiver group being identical in form to the emitter groups, and comprising: (i) two focuser lenses for focusing light; and (ii) two folder structures for receiving light; wherein, with regard to each of the first, second, third and fourth optical paths, a light beam following one of such paths is dependent on windshield thickness T and the infrared radiation transmittance Tir of the windshield. 11. The moisture sensor defined in claim 10, wherein the sensor operates in one of a plurality of light path modes, wherein the one or more light path modes comprise: a) collimator lens to focuser lens; b) collimator lens to folder lens; c) folder lens to focuser lens; and d) folder lens to folder lens. 12. The moisture sensor defined in claim 10, wherein the rain sensor is deployed on windshields ranging in thickness T from 4 mm to 12 mm. 13. The moisture sensor defined in claim 10, wherein the optical surface of the coupler is parallel to the first surface of the windshield, and further comprises a folder-to-folder multi-bounce mode of operation. 14. The moisture sensor defined in claim 10, wherein at least 50% of the rays emanating from each of the first and second emitters are directed along an optical path into the windshield at an angle of about 45 degrees with respect to the first windshield surface. 15. The moisture sensor of claim 10, at least 50% of the rays traveling generally toward the detector at an angle of about 45 degrees with respect to the first windshield surface are properly focused onto the detectors. 16. The moisture sensor defined in claim 10, in which the receiver groups of optical elements are symmetrically arranged with respect to the emitter groups of optical elements. 17. The moisture sensor defined in claim 10, in which the coupler is detachable from the housing. 18. The moisture sensor defined in claim 10, in which a) each of the folder of the emitter groups of optical elements further comprises a convex emitter-facing lens; and b) each of the folders of the receiver groups of optical elements further includes a convex detector-facing lens. 19. The moisture sensor defined in claim 10, in which the collimator lenses comprise segmented lenses, and the focuser lenses comprise segmented lenses. 