A powertrain module for a vehicle. The powertrain module comprises a support member. An energy source is disposed within the support member. A motor-driven wheel is rotatably attached to the support member and coupled to the energy source, and a tire is mounted to the motor-driven wheel. The powertrain module is configured to be attached as a unit to a corner portion of a vehicle to provide the vehicle with motive power.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A self-contained, detachable powertrain module for a vehicle having a planar, generally vertically oriented powertrain module mounting surface, the powertrain module comprising: a detachable support member shaped to form a portion of an exterior body of the vehicle, the support member including a planar, generally vertically oriented support member mounting surface; a mounting portion extending generally horizontally from the support member mounting surface and terminating in an electrical connector; an energy source disposed within the support member; a wheel rotatably attached to the support member; and an electric motor within the wheel, the electric motor being energized by the energy source to generate motive force, said motive force being transmitted to the wheel, the support member mounting surface of the powertrain module being facially adjacent the powertrain module mounting surface of the vehicle when the powertrain module is coupled to the vehicle, and the mounting portion of the powertrain module being selectably received by a single receptacle disposed within exterior body of the vehicle, thereby selectably both mechanically and electrically coupling the powertrain module to the vehicle as a single connection, the powertrain module being a selectably detachable fender portion of the exterior body of the vehicle and also providing motive power to the vehicle. 2. The powertrain module of claim 1, further comprising a suspension coupled between the support member and the wheel. 3. The powertrain module of claim 2, further comprising a steering knuckle coupled between the suspension and the wheel. 4. The powertrain module of claim 1 wherein the electric motor additionally functions as a regenerative brake. 5. The powertrain module of claim 1 wherein the energy source comprises at least one of a battery and a photovoltaic cell. 6. A plurality of self-contained, detachable powertrain modules for a vehicle having a plurality of planar, generally vertically oriented powertrain module mounting surfaces, each powertrain module comprising: a detachable support member shaped to form a portion of an exterior body of the vehicle, the support member including a planar, generally vertically oriented support member mounting surface; a mounting portion extending generally horizontally from the support member mounting surface and terminating in an electrical connector; an energy source disposed within the support member; a wheel rotatably attached to the support member; and an electric motor within the wheel, the electric motor being energized by the energy source to generate motive force, said motive force being transmitted to the wheel, the support member mounting surface of each powertrain module being facially adjacent a corresponding powertrain module mounting surface of the vehicle when each powertrain module is coupled to the vehicle, and the mounting portion of each powertrain module each being respectively selectably received by a single one of a group of corresponding receptacles disposed within the exterior body of the vehicle, thereby selectably both mechanically and electrically coupling each of the powertrain modules to the vehicle as a single connection for each corresponding powertrain module, a controller of the vehicle being electrically coupled to the powertrain modules by means of the mounting portions to control operation of the powertrain modules in a cooperative manner, and the powertrain modules each being selectably detachable fender portions of the exterior body of the vehicle and also providing motive power to the vehicle. 7. The plurality of powertrain modules of claim 6 wherein the controller additionally causes power from the energy sources to be coupled to each electric motor such that each wheel rotates to move the vehicle one of a forward and a reverse direction. 8. The plurality of powertrain modules of claim 6 wherein the controller additionally electrically disconnects one or more electric motors from the corresponding energy source for the one or more electric motors under predetermined conditions to reduce the amount of energy consumed by the electric vehicle. 9. The plurality of powertrain modules of claim 6 wherein the controller additionally functions as a traction control system to sense a loss of traction at one or more wheels and compensate for the loss of traction by commanding an increased amount of motor torque at the other wheels. 10. The plurality of powertrain modules of claim 6 wherein the controller additionally causes the electric motor of one or more powertrain modules to act as a regenerative brake to slow or stop the vehicle and supply generated electrical energy to the energy source. 11. The plurality of powertrain modules of claim 6 wherein the controller additionally functions as at least one of an anti-lock brake and a dynamic stability control wherein the amount of torque produced by each powertrain module is adjusted to minimize over steer or under steer of the vehicle through corners and maintain acceleration by preventing wheel spin on surfaces with uneven grip. 12. The plurality of powertrain modules of claim 6 wherein the controller additionally functions as a power grid controller, transferring power between energy sources of the powertrain modules. 13. The plurality of powertrain modules of claim 6 wherein the controller additionally functions as a steering controller, receiving steering input signals from a steering device and generating corresponding steering control signals that are coupled to steering actuators on the powertrain modules to control the position of corresponding steering knuckles. 14. A self-contained, detachable powertrain module for a vehicle having a planar, generally vertically oriented powertrain module mounting surface, the powertrain module comprising: a detachable support member shaped to form a portion of an exterior body of the vehicle, the support member including a planar, generally vertically oriented support member mounting surface; a mounting portion extending generally horizontally from the support member mounting surface and terminating in an electrical connector; an energy source disposed within the support member; a suspension pivotably coupled to the support member; a wheel rotatably attached to the suspension; and an electric motor within the wheel, the electric motor being energized by the energy source to generate motive force, said motive force being transmitted to the wheel, the support member mounting surface of the powertrain module being facially adjacent the powertrain module mounting surface of the vehicle when the powertrain module is coupled to the vehicle, and the mounting portion of the powertrain module being selectably received by a single receptacle disposed within the exterior body of the vehicle, thereby selectably both mechanically and electrically coupling the powertrain module to the vehicle as a single connection, the powertrain module being a selectably detachable fender portion of the exterior body of the vehicle and also providing motive power to the vehicle. 15. The powertrain module of claim 14, further comprising a steering knuckle coupled between the suspension and the wheel. 16. The powertrain module of claim 14 wherein the electric motor additionally functions as a regenerative brake. 17. A method for constructing a self-contained, detachable powertrain module for a vehicle having a planar, generally vertically oriented powertrain module mounting surface, comprising the steps of: fabricating a detachable support member shaped to form a portion of an exterior body of the vehicle, the support member including a planar, generally vertically oriented support member mounting surface; extending a mounting portion generally horizontally from the support member mounting surface and terminating the mounting portion in an electrical connector; installing an energy source within the support member; rotatably attaching a wheel to the support member; mounting an electric motor within the wheel; selectably energizing the electric motor with the energy source to generate a motive force; and transmitting the motive force of the motor to the wheel, the support member mounting surface of the powertrain module being facially adjacent the powertrain module mounting surface of the vehicle when the powertrain module is coupled to the vehicle, and the mounting portion of the powertrain module being selectably received by a single receptacle disposed within the exterior body of the vehicle, thereby selectably both mechanically and electrically coupling the powertrain module to the vehicle as a single connection, the powertrain module being a selectably detachable fender portion of the exterior body of the vehicle and also providing motive power to the vehicle. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising the step of coupling a suspension between the support member and the wheel. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising the step of coupling a steering knuckle between the suspension and the wheel. 20. The method of claim 17, further comprising the step of additionally utilizing the electric motor as a regenerative brake. 