Highly efficient solar fans used in portable and built in configurations. A ventilation fan can be used for exhausting air out from underneath roofs, and/or for being portable in use and application. The fan can include optimized airflow blades having a twisted configuration that can move at a rotational speed operation of up to approximately 500 rpm. The approximately 15 inch diameter twisted blades can be premolded on a hub that together form a single molded unit of plastic. They can also be fabricated using metal. The unit can be mounted in an exhaust outlet having a conical diffuser on or adjacent to a roof. Another embodiment allows for portable solar powered fans used anywhere there is a need for ventilation and moving of air. The blades can rotate by a solar powered motor, where the blades and motor can generate up to approximately 1040 cfm while using no more than approximately 16 Watts. Portable fans can be powered by solar panels. One embodiment has solar panels mounted to a handtruck. Another embodiment has solar panels in a carrying case with a handle having leg(s) which can bend downward to different angled positions. The solar panel carrying case and the fan can each have single handles that allows for the portable fan assembly to carried and transported by both hands of a single user.
Claims We claim: 1. A portable fan assembly comprising: a fan housing having fan blades attached to a motor, the fan housing having one carrying handle; and a separate portable rectangular carrying case having a front rigid half wall section hingedly attached to a rear rigid half wall section, the front half wall section having left and right rigid angled side edges and an open end with no angled side edges, the left and right rigid angled side edges wrap about outer side walls of the rear half wall section when the front half wall section and the rear half wall section are in a closed position; the front wall section folds downward into an open position; a solar panel being mounted inside of the case and attached to the rear half section; the front half wall section containing no solar panel mounted thereon, the solar panel for providing power to the motor, the solar panel being used when the front wall section is in the open position, and one carrying handle projecting upward from the rigid half wall section of the carrying case between the open end of the front half wall section, and wherein the fan and panel are adapted to be carried by a single user. 2. The portable fan assembly of claim 1, wherein the fan blades include: a plurality of twisted blades attached to the motor, each blade having a twist between a root end and a tip end. 3. The portable fan assembly of claim 2, wherein the blades include: a diameter across tip ends of the blades of approximately 15 inches. 4. The portable fan assembly of claim 1, wherein the fan housing is in the form of a cylindrical housing for mounting the blades and motor therein; and wherein the fan further includes a U-shaped stand having upwardly bent ends pivotally attached to opposite sides of the cylindrical housing for supporting the fan over a ground surface. 5. The portable fan assembly of claim 1, wherein the solar panel includes: a leg assembly pivotally attached across a back of the solar panel; the leg assembly having a folded position with the leg assembly substantially flush against the back, and a deployed position with the leg assembly at a bent angle so that the solar panel is oriented at a selected position. 6. The portable fan assembly of claim 5, wherein the leg assembly includes: a U-shape having inwardly projecting angled ends pivotally attached to cylindrical tabs located on the back of the solar panel, the U-shape having a lower horizontal leg portion for allowing the leg assembly to be supported over the ground surface. 7. The portable fan assembly of claim 5, wherein the leg assembly includes: a U-shaped configuration having two upper ends; each of the upper ends having inwardly angled edges that pivotally attach to cylindrical tabs that are mounted behind the rear half section of the carrying case. 8. The portable fan assembly of claim 1, further comprising: a rechargeable battery power supply for providing power to the motor of the fan when the solar panel is not being used. 9. The portable fan assembly of claim 1, further comprising: a charging adapter having a wall plug for recharging the battery power supply. 10. The portable fan assembly of claim 1, further comprising: a wall plug adapter for directly providing power to the fan and bypassing the solar panel, so that the solar panel is not needed. 11. A portable modular fan system, comprising: a single fan assembly having fan blades attached to a motor, the fan having a carrying handle, and a pivotally attached floor stand for allowing the fan to be oriented at different angles; a separate portable rectangular carrying case having a solar panel, the carrying case having a single carrying handle, and pivotally attached leg assembly, the leg assembly having inwardly protruding upper ends that are rotatable attached to cylindrical tabs that are spaced between side ends of a rear side of the carrying case, the leg assembly having a folded position with the leg assembly substantially flush against the rear side of the carrying case, the leg assembly having a deployed position with the solar panel being pivotal to different angles, the solar panel for providing power to the motor, wherein the fan and panel are adapted to be carried by a single user; and a power supply with a removable battery mounted on the floor stand of the single fan assembly. 12. The portable modular fan system of claim 11, wherein the carrying case includes a front half wall section hingedly attached to a rear half wall section, the front half wall section having left and right rigid angled side edges and an open end with no angled side edges, the left and right rigid angled side edges wrap about outer side walls of the rear half wall section when the front half wall section and the rear half wall section are in a closed position, the front wall section folds downward into an open position, the solar panel being mounted inside of the case and attached to the rear half section, the handle projecting upward from the rear half wail section within the open end of the front half wall section of the carrying case, wherein the front wall section folds downward into an open position when the solar panel is being used. 13. A method of providing a portable fan and solar power supply, comprising the steps of: providing a fan housing having a plurality of blades mounted to a single motor, the blades being held within a grilled cage; mounting a single handle on top of the fan housing; providing a solar panel in a rectangular case; providing the case with a front half wall section having left and right angled side edges, and an open end, and a rear half wall section, the rear half wall section having the solar panel mounted thereon, and the front half wall section containing no solar panel mounted thereon; hingedly attaching the front half wall section to a rear half wall section; wrapping the left and right angled side edges about outer side walls of the rear half wall section when the front half wall section and the rear half wall section are in a closed position; mounting another single handle on the rear half wall section of the rectangular case; extending the another single handle up from the open end of the front half wall section when the front half wall section and the rear half wall section of the rectangular case are in the closed position; operating the solar panel when the front half wall section is folded downward from the rear hall wall section when the rectangular case is in an open position; carrying the fan housing by gripping the single fan housing handle; and carrying the rectangular case by gripping the single rectangular case handle. 14. The method of claim 13, further including the steps of: providing a U-shaped leg assembly with inwardly protruding upper ends; pivotally attaching the inwardly protruding upper ends of the leg assembly to cylindrical tabs behind the rear half wall section of the case; and unfolding the leg assembly as a stand for the case when the solar panel is used. 