A low profile photovoltaic (PV) connector for placement in space restricted areas. The connector includes a plug and receptacle for interconnecting PV solar arrays. The receptacle is mechanically secured to a solar array. The mechanical connection between the receptacle and the solar array may be a staking process (e.g., ultrasonic, heat). The plug and receptacle may be locking, where only an extraction tool or other similar device may remove the plug from the receptacle. The plug and receptacle may also be non-locking.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A low profile connector for mounting to a solar array, the connector comprising: a plug comprising a plug body, a male connection extending from a forward end of the plug body and a cable secured to the plug body; and a receptacle comprising a receptacle body and a receiver which extends from the receptacle body, the receptacle body having a mounting aperture for receiving a fastener and a contact pad with an access aperture extending therefrom, the mounting aperture, fastener, contact pad and access aperture cooperate to secure the connector in electrical engagement with the solar array; the plug is configured to mate with the receptacle to form an electrical connection and wherein the plug and the receptacle have a vertical profile at least equal to a width of the cable. 2. The low profile connector of claim 1, wherein the plug body comprises at least one latch, the at least one latch being configured to engage with at least one ledge in the receiver and maintain electrical contact between the plug and the receptacle once the plug and receptacle are mated. 3. The low profile connector of claim 2, wherein the receptacle comprises at least one latch aperture, the at least one latch aperture being configured to provide access to the at least one latch when the plug is mated with the receptacle. 4. The low profile connector of claim 3, also comprising an extraction tool insertable in the at least one latch aperture in the receptacle to remove the plug from the receptacle once the at least one latch has engaged with the at least one ledge. 5. The low profile connector of claim 1, wherein the plug and the receptacle are manufactured from an overmolding process. 6. The low profile connector of claim 1, wherein the at least one latch produces at least one of an audible and tactile signal when the plug is mated with the receptacle. 7. The low profile connector of claim 1, wherein the contact pad is in electrical communication with the solar array through a solder connection. 8. The low profile connector of claim 7, wherein the receptacle body partially covers a bottom side of the contact pad. 9. The low profile connector of claim 1, wherein the receptacle is mechanically secured to the solar array with a staking process. 10. The low profile connector of claim 1, wherein the plug further comprises a strain relief configured to secure the cable to the plug body. 11. The low profile connector of claim 1, wherein the plug and the receptacle have a vertical profile that is greater than the diameter of the cable. 12. A low profile connector for mating to a solar array, the connector comprising: a plug comprising a plug body, a male connection extending from a forward end of the plug body and a cable secured to the plug body; and a receptacle comprising a receptacle body and a receiver which extends from the receptacle body, the receptacle body having openings for receiving protrusions which secure the receptacle to the solar array through a staking process; the plug is configured to mate with the receptacle to form an electrical connection and wherein the plug and the receptacle have a vertical profile that is at least equal to a width of the cable. 13. The low profile connector of claim 12, wherein at least one of an audible and tactile signal are produced when the plug is mated with the receptacle. 14. A low profile connector assembly for mounting to at least two solar arrays, the connector assembly comprising: at least two plugs, each plug of the at least two plugs comprising a plug body, a male connection extending from a forward end of the plug body and a cable secured to the plug body; and at least two receptacles, each receptacle of the at least two receptacles comprising a receptacle body and a receiver which extends from the receptacle body, the at least two receptacles having mounting apertures for receiving fasteners therein and contact pads with access apertures extending therefrom, the mounting apertures, fasteners, contact pads and access apertures cooperate to secure the connectors in electrical engagement with the at least two solar arrays; the at least two plugs are connected by the cable, and a first plug of the at least two plugs is configured to mate with a first receptacle of the at least two receptacles and a second plug of the at least two plugs is configured to mate with a second receptacle of the at least two receptacles and the first receptacle is configured to be secured in electrical contact with a first solar array and the second receptacle is configured to be secured in electrical contact with a second solar array and the at least two plugs and at least two receptacles are in electrical communication. 15. The low profile connector assembly of claim 14, wherein the at least two plugs and at least two receptacles have a vertical profile at least equal to a width of the cable. 16. The low profile connector assembly of claim 14, wherein at least one of an audible and tactile signal are produced when the at least two plugs are mated with the at least two receptacles. 17. The low profile connector assembly of claim 14, wherein the plug further comprises a strain relief configured to secure the cable in the at least two plugs. 