A mobile surveillance and/or security unit. The unit includes a trailer, a tower mounted to the trailer, a plurality of apparatus positioned on the tower, and at least one power source configured to provide power to the plurality of apparatus. In addition, at least one of the plurality of apparatus is a communication apparatus.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mobile surveillance and/or security unit, comprising: a first power source; a trailer including an enclosure for securing the first power source; a tower mounted to the trailer, the enclosure securing a means for pivoting the tower between a horizontal position and a vertical position; a plurality of apparatus positioned on the tower, wherein at least one of the plurality of apparatus is a communication apparatus; a second power source positioned at the top of the tower above the plurality of apparatus and configured to provide power to the plurality of apparatus; and a power management unit secured in the enclosure and configured to monitor a parameter of the first power source and to transmit data related to the monitored parameter to a remote unit via the communication apparatus. 2. The unit of claim 1, wherein the second power source is a photovoltaic array. 3. The unit of claim 1, further comprising an apparatus manager, and a communications manager, the apparatus manager and the communications manager positioned on the tower. 4. The unit of claim 1, wherein an input apparatus transmits information to the remote unit via the communication apparatus. 5. The unit of claim 1, wherein the first power source includes at least one of a battery, an engine driven generator, and a photovoltaic array. 6. The unit of claim 1, wherein the power management unit transmits a status to the remote unit automatically when an alarm condition of the first power source is detected. 7. The unit of claim 1, wherein the tower pivots between a horizontal position for transporting and a vertical position for operating. 8. The unit of claim 1, wherein the trailer includes a plurality of support elements. 9. A mobile surveillance and/or security unit, comprising: a trailer; a tower mounted to the trailer; a power manager; a communication manager; an apparatus manager; an input device positioned on the tower; a communication apparatus coupled to the communication manager; and a power source configured to provide power to the input device, the power source including a battery, a photovoltaic array, and an engine powered generator; wherein the power manager is configured to monitor the battery, the photovoltaic array, and the engine powered generator and to transmit data related to the battery, the photovoltaic array, and the engine powered generator to a remote unit via the communication apparatus. 10. The unit of claim 9, wherein the power manager is configured to control the power source. 11. The unit of claim 9, wherein the power manager monitors at least one of a battery charge, a photovoltaic array capacity, an engine fuel level, an engine oil pressure, and an engine temperature. 12. The unit of claim 11, wherein the power manager communicates a status of the power source when an alarm condition occurs. 13. The unit of claim 9, wherein the power manager starts the generator to recharge the battery when a charge of the battery is below a threshold and a capacity of the photovoltaic array is not sufficient to recharge the battery. 14. The unit of claim 9, wherein the communication apparatus includes means for communicating with the remote unit. 15. The unit of claim 9, further comprising a positioning mechanism coupled to the input device. 16. The unit of claim 15, wherein the remote unit transmits instructions to the positioning mechanism. 17. The unit of claim 9, further comprising an output device. 18. The unit of claim 17, wherein the output device includes a light. 19. The unit of claim 18, wherein the power manager automatically starts the generator when the light is on. 20. A method of powering a mobile surveillance and/or security unit, comprising: coupling at least one surveillance and/or security apparatus to a battery; monitoring a charge of the battery; monitoring a capacity of a photovoltaic array providing a charge to the battery; operating a generator when the battery charge is below a first threshold and the capacity of the photovoltaic array is below a second threshold; and transmitting data about the battery, the photovoltaic array, and the generator to a remote unit. 21. The method of claim 20, further comprising starting the generator using a second battery. 22. The method of claim 20, further comprising positioning a power source different than the battery, the generator, and the photovoltaic array on the top of a tower of the mobile surveillance and/or security unit. 23. The method of claim 20, wherein the photovoltaic array is positioned on the top of a tower of the mobile surveillance and/or security unit. 24. The method of claim 20, further comprising monitoring one or more parameters associated with an engine of the generator. 25. The method of claim 24, further comprising transmitting a status of the engine to the remote unit when the one or more monitored parameters indicate an alarm condition. 26. The method of claim 24, wherein the one or more monitored parameters include at least one of fuel level, oil pressure, and engine temperature. 27. A mobile system, comprising: a plurality of mobile surveillance and/or security units including a trailer, a tower mounted to the trailer, a plurality of apparatus positioned on the tower, wherein at least one of the plurality of apparatus is a communication apparatus, a plurality of power sources including a battery, a photovoltaic array, and a generator, the battery configured to provide power to the plurality of apparatus; and a power management unit configured to monitor a charge of the battery and a capacity of the photovoltaic array and to operate the generator when the battery charge is below a first threshold and the capacity of the photovoltaic array is below a second threshold, and to transmit data related to the battery, the photovoltaic array, and the generator to a remote unit via the communication apparatus; wherein one of the plurality of units includes a wireless router. 28. The system of claim 27, further comprising a user interface linked to the router. 29. The system of claim 28, wherein the user interface communicates with the plurality of units through the router. 