A highly energy efficient automobile that provides payload, safety and performance capacities similar to a comparable vehicle of a given vehicle class. The current invention is ideal for short to medium range urban and suburban driving. The current invention incorporates components in a unique and novel way, in which these components combine to form a system that produces an automobile that reduces overall air pollution while encouraging the commercialization of alternative energy sources. The current invention features an lightweight, low rolling resistance, digitally controlled and direct-drive electric propulsion system. A lightweight spaceframe with a suspension system provides a structure for mounting a low-aerodynamic-drag body system and other components. An intelligent power and thermal management system coupled with a removable auxiliary power module supplies the electrical energy required. While the preferred embodiment is substantially a passenger vehicle, the current invention may be scaled to other land vehicles.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A hybrid electric vehicle, for ground transportation, comprising: means for distributing high-voltage power, low-voltage power and control signals to high-power components on said vehicle; means for providing a low-voltage supply and a reliable, digital communication channel; means for supporting the vehicle's components mechanically and for protecting the occupants during a collision; means for minimizing the aerodynamic drag of the vehicle and for protecting the interior and internal components from the environmental elements, externally mounted to said spaceframe; means for maintaining stability, acceleration, deceleration, steering, traction, differential and anti-lock brake controls of said vehicle; means for generating torque to a plurality of drive wheels via connecting constant-velocity joints to accelerate and decelerate said vehicle, also adapted to be operated as generators, whereupon said means receive torque and generate electric energy; means for generating torque essentially at higher cruising speeds to a plurality of drive wheels via connecting constant-velocity joints to efficiently sustain the speed of said vehicle; means for controlling the operations of and transferring energy to and from said means for generating torque and receiving torque to generator electricity and said means for sustaining cruising speed, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus, digitally connected to said vehicle control system; means for storing the electrical energy generated onboard said vehicle, for storing the electrical energy received from a charger unit and for supplying high-voltage electrical energy, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus; means for supplying electrical power for vehicle acceleration and for receiving and storing electrical energy from regenerative braking, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus; means for generating electricity onboard said vehicle, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus, removably mounted to the underside of said spaceframe; means for transferring excess heat from significantly heat-producing components of said vehicle to the ambient environment; and, means for receiving electrical energy from the power grid when the vehicle is connected to said power grid, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus. 2. The hybrid electric vehicle in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for distributing high-voltage power, low-voltage power and control signals to high-power components on said vehicle comprises a power distribution and management bus. 3. The hybrid electric vehicle in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for providing a low-voltage supply and a reliable, digital communication channel comprises a high-speed, low-latency, battery-backed, digital vehicle control bus. 4. The hybrid electric vehicle in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for supporting the vehicle's components mechanically and for protecting the occupants during a collision comprises a lightweight spaceframe. 5. The hybrid electric vehicle in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for maintaining stability, acceleration, deceleration, steering, traction, differential and anti-lock brake controls of said vehicle comprises a real-time, fail-safe vehicle control system. 6. The hybrid electric vehicle in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for generating torque to a plurality of drive wheels via connecting constant-velocity joints to accelerate and decelerate said vehicle, also adapted to be operated as generators, whereupon said means receive torque and generate electric energy, comprises a plurality of electric direct-drive high-power motor-generators. 7. The hybrid electric vehicle in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for generating torque essentially at higher cruising speeds to a plurality of drive wheels via connecting constant-velocity joints to efficiently sustain the speed of said vehicle, comprises a plurality of highly efficient, electric direct drive continuous-duty motor-generators. 8. The hybrid electric vehicle in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for controlling the operations of and transferring energy to and from said means for generating torque and receiving torque to generator electricity and said means for sustaining cruising speed, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus, digitally connected to said vehicle control system, comprises a plurality of motor controllers. 9. The hybrid electric vehicle in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for storing the electrical energy generated onboard said vehicle, for storing the electrical energy received from a charger unit and for supplying high-voltage electrical energy, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus, comprises a rechargeable, high energy density battery array. 10. The hybrid electric vehicle in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for supplying electrical power for vehicle acceleration and for receiving and storing electrical energy from regenerative braking, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus, comprises a high voltage, high power density capacitor array also known as an ultracapacitor. 11. The hybrid electric vehicle in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for generating electricity onboard said vehicle, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus, removably mounted to the underside of said spaceframe, comprises a self-contained, interchangeable auxiliary power module. 12. The hybrid electric vehicle in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for transferring excess heat from significantly heat-producing components of said vehicle to the ambient environment comprises a demand-driven thermal management system. 13. The hybrid electric vehicle in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for receiving electrical energy from the power grid when the vehicle is connected to said power grid, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus, comprises a charger unit. 14. A hybrid electric vehicle, for ground transportation, comprising: a power distribution and management bus, for distributing high-voltage power, low-voltage power and control signals to high-power components on said vehicle; a high-speed, low-latency, battery-backed, digital vehicle control bus, for providing a low-voltage supply and a reliable, digital communication channel; a lightweight spaceframe, for supporting the vehicle's components mechanically and for protecting the occupants during a collision; a lightweight body system, for minimizing the aerodynamic drag of the vehicle and for protecting the interior and internal components from the environmental elements, externally mounted to said spaceframe; a real-time, fail-safe vehicle control system, for maintaining stability, acceleration, deceleration, steering, traction, differential and anti-lock brake controls of said vehicle; a plurality of electric direct-drive high-power motor-generators, for generating torque to a plurality of drive wheels via connecting constant-velocity joints to accelerate and decelerate said vehicle, said high-power motor-generators also being adapted to be operated as generators, whereupon said motor-generators receive torque and generate electric energy; a plurality of highly efficient, electric direct drive continuous-duty motor-generators, for generating torque essentially at higher cruising speeds to a plurality of drive wheels via connecting constant-velocity joints to efficiently sustain the speed of said vehicle; a plurality of motor controllers, for controlling the operations of and transferring energy to and from said plurality of high-power motor-generators and said plurality of continuous-duty motor-generators, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus, digitally connected to said vehicle control system; a rechargeable, high energy density battery array, for storing the electrical energy generated onboard said vehicle, for storing the electrical energy received from a charger unit and for supplying high-voltage electrical energy, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus; a high voltage, high power density ultracapacitor, for supplying electrical power for vehicle acceleration and for receiving and storing electrical energy from regenerative braking, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus; a self-contained, interchangeable auxiliary power module, for generating electricity onboard said vehicle, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus, removably mounted to the underside of said spaceframe; a demand-driven thermal management system, for transferring excess heat from significantly heat-producing components of said vehicle to the ambient environment; and, a charger unit for receiving electrical energy from the power grid when the vehicle is connected to said power grid, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus. 15. The hybrid electric vehicle as recited in claim 14, wherein said spaceframe further comprising: a cabin compartment, for carrying occupants and housing interior components; and, a safety shell, for resisting collapse of said cabin compartment during a crash or roof-crush. 16. The hybrid electric vehicle as recited in claim 15, wherein said spaceframe further comprising: a honeycomb front crumble zone, for absorbing impact during a collision, rigidly attached to said safety shell. 17. The hybrid electric vehicle as recited in claim 14, wherein said body system further comprising: a plurality of lightweight body panels, for protecting the interior and internal components of said vehicle from the environmental elements; and, a shatter-proof, polymer windows, for improving handling by lowering center of gravity and improving occupant safety, adjustably mounted to said body system. 18. The hybrid electric vehicle as recited in claim 17, wherein said thermal management system further comprising: an electronic controller and temperature sensors, for determining the demand for cooling; coolant, for removing heat from components being cooled; a coolant pump, for circulating said coolant to said components, whose speed is actively controlled by said electronic controller; and, a plurality of heat exchangers, for removing heat from said coolant to the ambient environment. 19. The hybrid electric vehicle as recited in claim 17, wherein said body system further comprising: a plurality of substantially half-parabolic air diffusers, for reducing frontal aerodynamic drag by allowing air to flow over a more aerodynamically efficient geometry than the visual shape of the vehicle when the vehicle is in forward motion and for diverting air into said thermal management system heat exchangers, attached to the front of said body system; a finned and substantially ramp-like lower rear air diffuser, for reducing formations of trailing vortex and for increasing downforce to stabilize said vehicle, attached to the rear bottom of said body system; and, a substantially half-parabolic side air diffusers, for reducing aerodynamic drag and supplying cold air to the auxiliary power module and climate control. 20. The hybrid electric vehicle as recited in claim 17, wherein said body system further comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cells, for converting sunlight into electricity, attached to the surface of said body panels, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus. 21. The hybrid electric vehicle as recited in claim 14, wherein said vehicle control system further comprising: sensors for measuring steering wheel angle, accelerator pedal position, brake pedal position, parking brake handle position, drive mode selection by the operator; sensors for measuring wheel speeds; and, inertial sensors for measuring longitudinal and lateral accelerations, and roll and yaw rotational rates. 22. The hybrid electric vehicle as recited in claim 14, wherein said vehicle control system further comprising: a fail-safe, real-time vehicle control computer, for interpreting the input signals from said sensors and for generating control signals for controlling acceleration, deceleration, steering and differentials, electric parking brake, electronic roll and yaw stability controls and anti-lock brakes, electrically connected to said vehicle control bus. 23. The hybrid electric vehicle as recited in claim 14, further comprising: a high-power, high-voltage, electromagnetically-shielded power management unit, for controlling high-power devices connected to said power distribution and management bus and for monitoring failure conditions on said power distribution and management bus, electrically connected to said vehicle control bus, and electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus; and, an electromagnetic interference filter, for reducing the effects of electromagnetic interference on said vehicle control bus generated by high-power components on said power distribution and management bus. 24. The hybrid electric vehicle as recited in claim 14, further comprising: a step-down converter, for providing said vehicle control bus and said power distribution and management bus with a regulated low-voltage supply when a high-voltage supply on said power distribution and management bus is available, electrically connected to said power distribution and management bus. 25. The hybrid electric vehicle as recited in claim 14, further comprising: a low-voltage backup battery, for providing said vehicle control bus and said power distribution and management bus with a low-voltage hold-up when the high-voltage supply is inactive, electrically connected to said vehicle control bus. 26. The hybrid electric vehicle as recited in claim 22, wherein said vehicle control system further comprising: an electronic drive mode selector, for simulating the mode control of a prior art automobile equipped with an automatic transmission, electrically connected to said vehicle control bus. 27. The hybrid electric vehicle as recited in claim 22, wherein said vehicle control system further comprising: an electric parking brake, for simulating the park function in a convention automobile equipped with an automatic transmission, electrically connected to said vehicle control bus. 28. The hybrid electric vehicle as recited in claim 14, wherein said vehicle further comprising: a mission critical vehicle management computer, for controlling non-real-time functions comprising controls for thermal management, air-conditioning, lighting controls, user authentication, powered mirrors, powered windows, door locks and hatch release, electrically connected to the vehicle control computer. 