Systems and methods for fabricating a wash durable material includes forming a substrate having strands with void spaces in the strands and between the strands; filling at least a part of the void spaces with nano-particles; and forming projections on the substrate.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A wash durable material, comprising: a substrate having strands with void spaces inside the strands; and nano-particles inside the strands filling at least a part of the void with one or more projections from the void spaces through the strands on the substrate, wherein the nano-particles are used with one or more of a metal, a solar cell compound, an interconnect compound, antenna compound, an electronic compound. 2. The material of claim 1 wherein said substrate comprises one of: an individual yarn, a textile, a fabric, a film. 3. The material of claim 1 wherein the nano-particles comprise one of: an antimicrobial compound, a fireproofing compound, an insulating compound, an anti-odor compound. 4. The material of claim 1 wherein the nano-particles comprise one or more sensors to capture patient data. 5. The material of claim 1 wherein the nano-particles comprise: one or more of: an antimicrobial compound, a fireproofing compound, an insulating compound, an anti-odor compound; and one or more of: a conductor, a solar cell compound, an interconnect compound, antenna compound, an electronic compound. 6. The material of claim 1, wherein the nano-particles comprise one of: silver, gold, aluminum. 7. The material of claim 1, wherein the nano-particles comprise a non-metal. 8. The material of claim 1, wherein the nano-particles substantially remain after the substrate is washed at least 40 times in accordance with the wash procedure of AATCC Test Method 130-1981. 9. The material of claim 1, wherein at least 80% of the nano-particles remain after the substrate is washed at least 40 times in accordance with the wash procedure of AATCC Test Method 130-1981. 10. The material of claim 1, wherein the projections are self-assembled. 11. The material of claim 1, wherein the nano-particles contract at a predetermined temperature. 12. The material of claim 1, wherein the nano-particles expand at a predetermined temperature. 13. The material of claim 1, wherein each projection provides a space between the material and dirt to allow water to easily remove the dirt. 14. The material of claim 1, comprising a first portion to absorb water and a second portion to repel water and wherein the first portion wicks moisture from skin and the second portion repels moisture from the material. 15. A wash durable material, comprising: a substrate having strands with void spaces in the strands and between the strands; and nano-particles filling at least a part of the void spaces and forming one or more projections on the substrate; and a sensor coupled to a transmitter coupled to an antenna to form a wearable patient monitoring system. 16. A method for fabricating a wash durable material, comprising: forming a substrate having strands with void spaces in the strands; filling at least a part of the void spaces with nano-particles; and forming projections from the void spaces through the substrate, wherein the nano-particles comprise sensors to collect patient data. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein said substrate comprises one of: an individual yarn, a textile, a fabric, a film. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein the nano-particles comprise an antimicrobial compound, a fireproofing compound, an insulating compound, an anti-odor compound, solar cell compound, interconnect compound, antenna compound, electronic compound. 