Homeland Intelligence Systems Technology "H-LIST" comprises nano-sensors embedded in a silicon substrate and etched/fused in a micro-fibered material. The silicon substrate is alloyed with miniaturized steel responsive to weapons, preventing bullet penetration and providing effective detection platform on an outfit. The outfit is operable for monitoring suspicious terrorist activities and for tracking biological and chemical gases, and explosives, including weapons of mass destruction and physiological conditions of personnel. Disclosed embodiments provide wearable detection apparatus comprising plurality sensors on an outfit configured to be worn by military personnel, an officer, a security officer, a bus driver, hostesses, Doctors, civil establishment hospital patients and the like, for protection and for sensing deadly gases, explosives, and physiological conditions in a defined area. A receptor is operatively configured and worn proximate to the outfit responsive detection signals. The receptor is communicatively connected to the sensors and operable for receiving/analyzing detection signal communications wirelessly indicative of the presence of a sensed agent, whereby detected signals are transported wirelessly to a central security monitoring station, providing communications to first responders. The communications could be reachable to backup security personnel or agents, prompting them to respond to the vicinity of the detection. The sensors are multifunctional and coded to recognize wavelike pattern of gases and explosives traveling through the wave. Embodiments provide the outfit and the receptor being operable to process the portion of the detection signal to determine the detection type and/or whether there is a concealed object by conducting a test in which a first characteristic of a first dielectric constant associated with a person is determined, and a second characteristic of a second dielectric constant associated with the concealed object and or weapons of mass destruction is determined to expedite data transmission and communication to first responders.
Claims What is claimed: 1. A wearable apparatus configured for effective detection selectivity and for monitoring contextual characteristics influential to environmental change, the apparatus is further configured for providing advanced intelligence and security monitoring; comprising: a plurality of sensors embedded in at least a silicon substrate and etched/fused in at least a micro-fibered material to provide effective detection platform, said detection platform configured to detect pre-use and/or post use of deadly weapons in at least a monitoring environment; and at least a wireless communication apparatus in communication with said detection platform for analyzing detection signal and enabling wireless communications to at least a remote monitoring apparatus, wherein said remote monitoring apparatus includes a control center/command post, a transmitter, and a receiver; said detection platform further configured to convert at least one of solar energy, wind, sound wave, vibration and/or force/pressure into electrical energy to power itself, said micro-fibered material further configured with at least an alloyed material comprising at least miniaturized steels for providing protection against at least bullet penetration. 2. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprising at least a transmitter apparatus communicatively connected to said detection platform. 3. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus is communicatively configured for providing at least interactive communications. 4. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said sensor apparatus is embedded/fused in at least a silicon substrate. 5. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said silicon substrate is embedded/fused in at least a micro-fibered material, and said micro fibered material further comprising at least a material with excellent electrical properties. 6. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further comprises said silicon substrate being disposed with said micro-fibered material, wherein said detection platform operatively configured for thermal control, and wherein said micro-fibered material further providing effective and/or efficient communications clarity and detection sensitivity. 7. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further configured for detecting concealed weapons. 8. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further comprises at least a nanotechnology applications. 9. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said sensor apparatus comprises nanotechnology applications; further comprises at least nano-sensors. 10. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said sensor apparatus further include at least one of: a MEMS, silicon metal oxides, GPS, thin film, piezoelectric, cantilever, and membrane. 11. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein the communication apparatus is communicatively connected to said detection platform, said communication apparatus further being responsive to communication signals from said detection platform, wherein said communication signals is indicative of detection of at least one of weapons of mass destruction, concealed weapons, alcohol, drugs, energy, sounds, waves, perspiration, physiological change, and medical conditions. 12. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein the communication apparatus operatively configured with said detection platform for converting detection signals into useful communicable analytical signals. 13. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein the communication apparatus is further configured with said detection platform for analyzing detection signals of varying frequencies. 14. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein the detection platform further comprising means for detecting weapons of mass destruction. 15. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein the detection platform further comprising means for detecting at least concealed weapons. 16. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein the detection platform further comprising means for detecting physiological conditions, and wherein said physiological conditions further comprising at least a heart rate and/or at least a vital signs. 17. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further comprising means for detecting at least one of: a biological agent; chemical agent; personnel position, vital signs, enemy position, pre-used and/or post-used of at least a weapon, and radiological agent. 18. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further configured for converting at least one of: solar energy, wind, sound wave, vibration and/or force/pressure into electrical energy. 19. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein the miniaturized steel further comprising at least zinc oxide (ZnO), wherein the detection platform further configured with at least one of: polymers, glass substrate, ceramic substrate, nonwoven material, nanostructure materials, and/or materials with absorption characteristics, and wherein said communication apparatus responsive to at least a detection and/or said electrical energy. 20. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein the detection platform further responsive to at least civil establishment hospitals applications. 21. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein the detection platform further responsive to at least sport personnel applications. 22. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein the detection platform is being worn by at least a person to provide for environmental protection and/or environmental detection. 23. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein the detection platform further configured for communicating/administering at least a patient medical conditions/treatment. 24. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein the detection platform further responsive to environmental conditions, further comprises means for providing thermal adjustment to at least the conditions and/or situations of at least a personnel/environment. 25. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein the detection platform further comprises force responsive apparatus being operable for providing body protection against at least environmental conditions. 26. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein the sensor apparatus further comprises discrete regions comprising membranes configured for analyzing data. 27. A wearable apparatus of claim 26, wherein said discrete regions further configured with the communication apparatus, further comprising at least a cleansing of the affinity column for extracting at least an analyte of dissolved and/or suspended material other than the bound analyte. 28. A wearable apparatus of claim 27, wherein said discrete regions further responsive to at least a releasing of the analyte from the affinity column, said communication apparatus further providing the analyte with a measurable fluorescence when the analyte does not have a measurable natural fluorescence, said discrete region further comprises at least a reflecting layer for enhancing detection sensitivity. 29. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further comprises at least a military outfit. 30. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further comprises at least a pathogen detector being further operable for destroying at least a bacteria. 31. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further configured for amplifying at least a DNA for a destroyed bacteria, further comprising apparatus for detecting at least a specific pathogen. 32. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein the detection platform further configured for at least nuclear agent detection. 33. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further responsive to change in physiological conditions, further operable for detecting/monitoring medical conditions. 34. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further configured for administrating medication/treatment to at least a person. 35. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further configured for detecting bleeding, and wherein said detection platform being configured for administering at least a treatment to said bleeding portion of the body. 36. A wearable apparatus of claim 35, further comprises at least a tourniquet apparatus. 37. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further responsive to at least one of: the conditions, location, and situation of at least a personnel, and wherein said sensor apparatus further comprises at least a global positioning system. 38. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further configured for obtaining updated commands, further comprising receiving at least information regarding the environmental exposure to weapons of mass destructions, including at least one of biological, chemical, radiological, and nuclear agents. 39. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further configured for analyzing at least a DNA sample for identifying at least an enemy wearing the same outfit taking from at least a downed personnel. 40. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further configured for analyzing at least odors. 41. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further comprises at least a material comprising at least one of: silicon substrate, nonwoven material, miniaturized steels, miniaturized alloyed material, and/or micro fiber material. 42. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform configured with said sensor apparatus and embedded/fused in said at least one material. 43. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform configured with said communication apparatus, further comprising alcohol monitoring apparatus. 44. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises web based applications, further comprising means for monitoring juvenile offenders. 45. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, further comprises continuous remote monitoring apparatus. 46. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, further comprises mobile electronic monitoring apparatus. 47. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further comprises at least one of: an anklets; a bracelet; and a neck let. 48. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further comprises at least a fuel cell. 49. A wearable apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises at least one of: a modem, and a browser, a portable device, a transportable device, a mobile device, and/or an analyzer, further comprises means for sampling perspiration. 