A warning light assembly includes a source of electrical power, an LED light source, electrical circuitry operably coupling the source of electrical power to the light source and a lens assembly. The lens assembly encloses the LED light source such that light from the source is directed outwardly from the lens assembly. The lens assembly is triangular in shape. In certain embodiments, the electrical power source includes a rechargeable battery and the assembly further comprises a solar panel operably connected to the rechargeable battery. A triangular lens assembly may be connected at a vertex to a housing which holds the electrical power source. The solar panel may be mounted on a peripheral surface of the lens assembly opposite the vertex.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A warning light assembly, comprising: a source of electrical power, said source including a rechargeable battery; a solar panel; an LED light source; electrical circuitry operably connecting at least one of said source of electrical power and said solar panel to the LED light source; a housing enclosing said source of electrical power, said housing comprising a bottom, one or more sides, a top, and a mounting element on a surface of said top; and a triangular lens assembly enclosing the LED light source such that light from the light source is directed outwardly from the lens assembly, said lens assembly comprising a vertex and a substantially flat base opposite said vertex, and a mounting structure at said vertex, said mounting structure adapted to interact with the mounting element on the top of the housing to secure the lens assembly to the housing such that said flat base of the lens assembly is disposed above and substantially parallel to the top surface of the housing when the housing rests on its bottom; wherein said solar panel is operably mounted on the flat base of the lens assembly. 2. The warning light assembly of claim 1, wherein said mounting element on the top surface of the housing comprises a rotator ring, and wherein said mounting structure at said vertex of the triangular lens assembly comprises a rotator cup, and wherein said rotator ring mates with said rotator cup to rotatably secure the lens assembly to the housing. 3. The warning light assembly of claim 2, wherein one or both of said rotator cup and said rotator ring comprise a stop to limit the rotational movement of the lens assembly relative to the housing. 4. The warning light assembly of claim 1, wherein said triangular lens assembly comprises first and second triangular lenses, said lenses being formed of polypropylene, and wherein a portion of said mounting structure at said vertex is integrally formed as a part of each lens. 5. The warning light assembly of claim 4, wherein at least one of said portions of said mounting structures integrally molded as a part of said first and second triangular lenses further comprises an integrally formed stop. 6. The warning light assembly of claim 1, wherein the sides and the top of the housing are integrally formed of a plastic, and wherein said mounting element is integrally formed with the top surface of the housing. 7. The warning light assembly of claim 6, wherein said mounting element comprises a mounting ring, and wherein said mounting ring further comprises an integrally formed stop. 8. The warning light assembly of claim 1, wherein said lens assembly further comprises a circuit board enclosed within the lens assembly, said circuit board comprising a connector for releaseably receiving a mating connector electrically connected to the solar panel. 9. The warning light assembly of claim 1, wherein said triangular lens assembly comprises first and second triangular lenses, each lens having a groove integrally formed along a respective portions of each lens that together form said substantially flat base opposite the vertex, and wherein a portion of said solar panel is received in each groove to secure the solar panel to the lens assembly. 10. The warning light assembly of claim 1, wherein said electrical circuitry comprises a photo detector switch circuit which disconnects the source of electrical power from the LED light source when sunlight is detected, and which connects the source of electrical power to the LED light source when sunlight is not detected. 11. The warning light assembly of claim 10, wherein said photo detector circuit comprises a photo cell input circuit, a Schmitt trigger circuit, a level shifter circuit, and a disconnect. 12. A warning light assembly, comprising: a source of electrical power; an LED light source; electrical circuitry operably connecting said source of electrical power to said light source, and controlling the flow of electrical power to the light source; and a housing enclosing said source of electrical power, said housing comprising a bottom, one or more sides, a top, and an integrally-formed, mounting element on a surface of said top; and a triangular lens assembly enclosing the LED light source such that light from the light source is directed outwardly from the lens assembly, said lens assembly comprising a plurality of vertices and an integrally formed mounting structure at only one of said vertices, said mounting structure adapted to mate with the mounting element on the top of the housing to secure the lens assembly to the housing. 13. The warning light assembly of claim 12, wherein said mounting element on the top surface of the housing comprises a rotator ring, and wherein said mounting structure at said vertex of the triangular lens assembly comprises a rotator cup, and wherein said rotator ring mates with said rotator cup to rotatably secure the lens assembly to the housing. 14. The warning light assembly of claim 13, wherein one or both of said rotator cup and said rotator ring comprise a stop to limit the rotational movement of the lens assembly relative to the housing. 15. The warning light assembly of claim 12, wherein said triangular lens assembly comprises first and second triangular lenses, said lenses being formed of polypropylene, and wherein a portion of said mounting structure at said vertex is integrally formed as a part of each lens. 16. The warning light assembly of claim 15, wherein at least one of said portions of said mounting structures integrally molded as a part of said first and second triangular lenses further comprises an integrally formed stop. 17. The warning light assembly of claim 12, wherein the sides and the top of the housing are integrally formed of a plastic, and wherein said mounting element is integrally formed with the top surface of the housing. 18. The warning light assembly of claim 17, wherein said mounting element comprises a mounting ring, and wherein said mounting ring further comprises an integrally formed stop. 