A novel latch for pivoted optical elements of a solar concentrator and other equipment latches them in position between orientation operations. The mirrors may be on a universal pivot that can rotate or tilt in any direction; or on gimbal pivots. The orientation power can be turned off between alignments with the mirrors remaining in alignment orientation during this off-power period. Turning off the alignment power between alignments, saves on both energy resources and on expensive apparatus. It permits a great reduction in power supply as the optical elements can be aligned sequentially. This not only reduces operating costs, but also capital investment because smaller power supplies can suffice. A preferred embodiment utilizes the freezing of a liquid material. Since this involves no moving parts for latching, the instant invention is ideally adapted for fabrication from the nano- to the mini-realm.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A solar concentrator system, for directing and concentrating solar radiation onto a power production solar receiver, comprising a) an array of at least one adjustable optical unit; b) said unit mounted on at least one pivot; c) said optical unit acted on by a torque; d) said torque causing rotation of said optical unit; e) said rotation being about said pivot; f) a support axis joining said optical unit with said pivot; g) said pivot immersed in a latching material; h) said latching material comprising at least one element of a group of low melting point chemical elements; i) said low melting point being between 10.degree. C. and 300.degree. C.; j) said pivot is latched by a freezing of said latching material about said pivot; k) said pivot is unlatched by a melting of said latching material; and l) wherein said latch is unlatched by heating said latching material above its melting point by means of a resistor inductively coupled to a power supply, in which said resistor is in a group consisting of a resistor within the pivot and a resistor within the latching material. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least one of said low melting point chemical elements is selected from the group comprising bismuth, gallium, indium, iodine, and rubidium. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said pivot remains latched without the application of any power. 4. A method of latching at least one free member of an optical solar concentrating system comprising the steps of a) mounting said member on at least one pivot; b) torque coupling of said member; c) said member being caused to rotate by said torque; d) rotating said member about said pivot; e) immersing said pivot in a latching material; f) said latching material comprising at least one element of a group of low melting point chemical elements; g) said low melting point being between approximately 10.degree. C. and approximately 300.degree. C.; h) latching said pivot by freezing latching material about said pivot; i) unlatching said pivot by melting of said latching material; and j) wherein said latch is unlatched by heating said latching material above its melting point by means of a resistor inductively coupled to a power supply, in which said resistor is in a group consisting of a resistor within the pivot and a resistor within the latching material. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein at least one of said low melting point chemical elements is selected from the group comprising bismuth, gallium, indium, iodine, and rubidium. 6. The method of claim 4, wherein said pivot remains latched without the application of any power. 7. A solar concentrator system, for directing and concentrating solar radiation onto a power production solar receiver, comprising a) an array of at least one adjustable optical element; b) said element mounted on at least one pivot; c) said optical element acted on by a torque; d) said torque causing rotation of said optical element; e) said rotation being about said pivot; f) a latch positioned to prevent rotation; and g) said element being free to rotate until latched; h a support axis joining said optical element with said pivot; i) said pivot immersed in liquid latching material; j) said latch is latched by a freezing of said liquid latching material about said pivot; k) said latch is unlatched by a melting of said latching material; and l) wherein said latch is unlatched by heating said latching material above its melting point by means of a resistor inductively coupled to a power supply, in which said resistor is in a group consisting of a resistor within the pivot and a resistor within the latching material. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein at least one of said low melting point chemical elements is selected from the group comprising bismuth, gallium, indium, iodine, and rubidium. 9. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein said pivot remains latched without the application of any power. 10. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein said latching material has a low melting point between 10.degree. C. and 300.degree. C. 