A new and novel wind generator system particularly suitable for small wind applications that harnesses low velocity wind effectively. In a preferred embodiment, the wind generator system has a drive shaft; a plurality of blades attached to the drive shaft and extending radially outwardly therefrom; a generator assembly coupled to the drive shaft and effective for generating electrical power; and a housing having an inner chamber for receiving the plurality of blades and a wind directional apparatus that operates to adjust the speed of the wind and to channel wind along a desired flow pathway towards the plurality of blades.
Claims I claim: 1. A wind generator system comprising: a rotor mounted to a drive shaft; one or more blades attached to said rotor and extending radially outwardly from said rotor; a generator assembly coupled to said drive shaft and effective for generating electrical power; an energy enhancer element; and a housing having an inner chamber for receiving said rotor and said one or more blades; and a mechanical energy storage system, wherein said mechanical energy storage system comprises a mechanical bellows whereby rotational energy produced by the rotation of said drive shaft is converted into potential energy and stored by said mechanical bellows; and wherein said energy enhancer element is coupled to said rotor for increasing the rotational speed of the rotor during periods of low and no wind conditions. 2. The wind generator system of claim 1 further comprising sensing means for monitoring the electrical power output of the wind generator system. 3. The wind generator system of claim 1 further comprising sensing means for monitoring the operational efficiency of the wind generator system. 4. The wind generator system of claim 2 further comprising communication and control means coupled to said sensing means and whereby said communication and control means can communicate with an outside monitoring system. 5. The wind generator system of claim 1 wherein each of said blades comprises an aerodynamic adjustment element for adjusting the aerodynamic characteristic of each of said blades. 6. The wind generator system of claim 5 wherein said aerodynamic element is a thin film substrate. 7. The wind generator system of claim 5 wherein said aerodynamic element is a metallic coating substrate. 8. The wind generator system of claim 5 wherein said aerodynamic element is formed from a shaped memory alloy. 9. The wind generator of claim 8 wherein said shaped memory alloy is Nitinol. 10. The wind generator system of claim 1 wherein said blades comprises a photovoltaic substrate operable for generating electrical power. 11. The wind generator system of claim 10 wherein said photovoltaic substrate operates in response to infrared light. 12. A wind generator system comprising: a rotor mounted to a drive shaft; one or more blades attached to said rotor and extending radially outwardly from said rotor; a generator assembly coupled to said drive shaft and effective for generating electrical power; an energy enhancer element; and a housing having an inner chamber for receiving said rotor and said one or more blades; and wherein said energy enhancer element is coupled to said rotor for increasing the rotational speed of the rotor during periods of low wind; wherein said energy enhancer element having a band coupled to said drive shaft; and means for creating a temperature differential along a portion of said band; wherein said band is effective for increasing the rotational speed of said drive shaft when acted upon by said means for creating a temperature differential along a portion of said band. 13. The wind generator of claim 12 wherein said band is formed from a shaped memory alloy. 14. The wind generator system of claim 12 further comprising sensing means for monitoring the electrical power output of the wind generator system. 15. The wind generator system of claim 14 further comprising communication and control means coupled to said sensing means and whereby said communication and control means can communicate with an outside monitoring system. 16. The wind generator system of claim 12 further comprising sensing means for monitoring the operational efficiency of the wind generator system. 17. The wind generator system of claim 12 wherein each of said blades comprises an aerodynamic adjustment element for adjusting the aerodynamic characteristic of each of said blades. 18. The wind generator system of claim 17 wherein said aerodynamic element is a thin film substrate. 19. The wind generator system of claim 17 wherein said aerodynamic element is a metallic coating substrate. 20. The wind generator system of claim 17 wherein said aerodynamic element is formed from a Nitinol (NiTi) alloy. 21. The wind generator system of claim 12 wherein said blades comprises a photovoltaic substrate operable for generating electrical power. 22. The wind generator system of claim 21 wherein said photovoltaic substrate operates in response to infrared light. 