A buss bar strip for mounting to a solar panel to electrically connect to a series of electrical lines extending from solar cells. The buss bar strip can include a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length. A predetermined pattern of elongate conductors can be longitudinally disposed on the insulative strip in at least two rows along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other. Each conductor can have a predetermined position, length, and spacing from each other on the insulative strip for laterally electrically connecting to selected electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of the conductor on exposed surfaces on the conductor.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A buss bar strip for mounting to a solar panel to electrically connect to a series of electrical lines extending from solar cells comprising: a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length; and a predetermined pattern of elongate conductors longitudinally disposed on the insulative strip along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other, each of said conductors having a predetermined position, length, and spacing from each other on the insulative strip for laterally electrically connecting to selected said electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of each of said conductors on exposed surfaces on each of said conductors, the pattern of conductors including an electrical connection region for electrically connecting to an external device, at least one male circular connector being soldered to the electrical connection region. 2. The buss bar strip of claim 1 in which the insulative strip is formed of flexible polymeric material. 3. The buss bar strip of claim 2 in which the elongate conductors comprise generally flat ribbons of copper material laminated to the insulative strip. 4. The buss bar strip of claim 3 in which the flat ribbons of copper material are coated with a layer of solder. 5. The buss bar strip of claim 1 in which the conductors are in at least two rows and at least some of the conductors are longitudinally staggered. 6. The buss bar strip of claim 1 in which the electrical connection region is at a central location on the buss bar strip. 7. The buss bar strip of claim 1 further comprising terminal pads extending from the elongate conductors at the electrical connection region. 8. The buss bar strip of claim 1 in which the elongate electrical conductors include at least two spaced elongate conductors extending along a common longitudinal axis. 9. The buss bar strip of claim 1 in which the insulative strip is a first insulative strip, the buss bar strip further comprising a second thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material laminated to the first strip and over the pattern of conductors, the second strip having access windows at selected locations for providing lateral electrical connection points on the conductors. 10. A solar panel comprising: a series of solar cells having a series of electrical lines extending therefrom at laterally spaced intervals; and a buss bar strip mounted to the solar panel adjacent to the series of solar cells and electrically connected to the series of electrical lines extending from the solar cells, the buss bar strip comprising a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length, and at least one elongate conductor longitudinally disposed on the insulative strip and laterally electrically connected to selected said electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of the at least one conductor on exposed surfaces on the at least one conductor. 11. The solar panel of claim 10 in which the buss bar strip includes a predetermined pattern of elongate conductors longitudinally disposed on the insulative strip along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other, each of said conductors having a predetermined position, length and spacing from each other on the insulative strip. 12. The solar panel of claim 11 in which the insulative strip is formed of flexible polymeric material. 13. The solar panel of claim 12 in which the elongate conductors comprise generally flat ribbons of copper material laminated to the insulative strip. 14. The solar panel of claim 13 in which the flat ribbons of copper material are coated with a layer of solder. 15. The solar panel of claim 11 in which the conductors are in at least two rows and at least some of the conductors are longitudinally staggered. 16. The solar panel of claim 11 in which the elongate electrical conductors include at least two spaced elongate conductors extending along a common longitudinal axis. 17. The solar panel of claim 10 further comprising more than one buss bar strip positioned on top of each other for electrically connecting to selected said electrical lines from the solar cells. 18. The solar panel of claim 10 in which the at least one elongate conductor includes an electrical connection region for electrically connecting to an external device. 19. The solar panel of claim 18 in which the electrical connection region is at a central location on the buss bar strip. 20. The solar panel of claim 18 further comprising terminal pads extending from the at least one elongate conductor at the electrical connection region. 21. The solar panel of claim 18 further comprising at least one male circular connector soldered to the electrical connection region. 22. The solar panel of claim 21 in which the external device is an electrical connector having at least one female terminal that engages the at least one male circular connector. 23. The solar panel of claim 10 in which the insulative strip is a first insulative strip, the buss bar strip further comprising a second thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material laminated to the first strip and over the at least one conductor, the second strip having access windows at selected locations for providing lateral electrical connection points on the at least one conductor. 24. The solar panel of claim 10 further comprising lamination materials extending over the buss bar strip. 25. A method of forming a buss bar strip for mounting to a solar panel for electrically connecting to a series of electrical lines extending from solar cells comprising: providing a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length; disposing a predetermined pattern of elongate conductors longitudinally on the insulative strip along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other, each of said conductors having a predetermined position, length, and spacing from each other on the insulative strip for laterally electrically connecting to selected said electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of each of said conductors on exposed surfaces on each of said conductors; forming the pattern of conductors to include an electrical connection region for electrically connecting to an external device; and soldering at least one male circular connector to the electrical connection region. 26. The method of claim 25 further comprising forming the insulative strip from flexible polymeric material. 27. The method of claim 26 further comprising forming the elongate conductors from generally flat ribbons of copper material laminated to the insulative strip. 28. The method of claim 27 further comprising coating the flat ribbons of copper material with a layer of solder. 29. The method of claim 25 further comprising positioning the conductors in at least two rows and longitudinally staggering at least some of the conductors. 30. The method of claim 25 further comprising positioning the electrical connection region at a central location on the buss bar strip. 31. The method of claim 25 further comprising extending terminal pads from the elongate conductors at the electrical connection region. 32. The method of claim 25 in which the elongate electrical conductors include at least two spaced elongate conductors, the method further comprising extending the conductors along a common longitudinal axis. 33. The method of claim 25 in which the insulative strip is a first insulative strip, the method further comprising providing the buss bar strip with a second thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material laminated to the first strip and over the pattern of conductors, the second strip having access windows at selected locations for providing lateral electrical connection points on the conductors. 34. A method of electrically connecting a solar panel, the solar panel including a series of solar cells having a series of electrical lines extending therefrom at laterally spaced intervals, the method comprising mounting a buss bar strip to the solar panel adjacent to the series of solar cells, the buss bar strip comprising a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length, and at least one elongate conductor longitudinally disposed on the insulative strip and laterally electrically connected to selected said electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of the at least one conductor on exposed surfaces on the at least one conductor. 35. The method of claim 34 further comprising providing a predetermined pattern of elongate conductors longitudinally disposed on the insulative strip along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other, each of said conductors having a predetermined position, length and spacing from each other on the insulative strip. 36. The method of claim 35 further comprising forming the insulative strip from flexible polymeric material. 37. The method of claim 36 further comprising forming the elongate conductors from generally flat ribbons of copper material laminated to the insulative strip. 38. The method of claim 37 further comprising coating the flat ribbons of copper material with a layer of solder. 39. The method of claim 35 further comprising positioning the conductors in at least two rows and longitudinally staggering at least some of the conductors. 40. The method of claim 35 in which the elongate electrical conductors include at least two spaced elongate conductors, the method further comprising extending the conductors along a common longitudinal axis. 41. The method of claim 34 further comprising mounting more than one buss bar strip on top of each other for electrically connecting to selected said electrical lines from the solar cells. 42. The method of claim 34 further comprising forming the at least one conductor to include an electrical connection region for electrically connecting to an external device. 43. The method of claim 42 further comprising positioning the electrical connection region at a central location on the buss bar strip. 44. The method of claim 42 further comprising extending terminal pads from the at least one elongate conductor at the electrical connection region. 45. The method of claim 42 further comprising soldering at least one male circular connector to the electrical connection region. 46. The method of claim 42 in which the external device is an electrical connector having at least one female terminal, the method further comprising engaging the at least one female terminal of the electrical connector with the at least one male circular connector. 47. The method of claim 34 in which the insulative strip is a first insulative strip, the method further comprising providing the buss bar strip with a second thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material laminated to the first strip and over the at least one conductor, the second strip having access windows at selected locations for providing lateral electrical connection points on the at least one conductor. 48. The method of claim 34 further comprising laminating lamination materials over the buss bar strip. 