A light bar is described that is of a modular construction based on one or more large circuit boards that are populated with light beam assemblies and then fastened to an interior space of the light bar housing. Keys that automatically align the light beam assemblies on each of the boards precisely control placement of the assemblies on the board. In turn, each of the boards is keyed to the interior of the light bar housing so that when the board is fastened to the housing the light beam assemblies are automatically registered into alignment with the lenses in the housing so that the beams from the assemblies are properly oriented. The light bar is inexpensive to fabricate and can be assembled quickly and reliably, yet it provides for a high degree of customization, which is a requirement in the emergency vehicle lighting industry.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An emergency light for a vehicle comprising: a housing having lenses for transmitting light from an interior of the housing; one or more circuit boards within the housing, each circuit board having a planar surface extending toward two or more of the lenses for supporting two or more light beam assemblies such that each assembly is aligned with one of the lenses; each of the circuit boards having; one or more connectors mounted for electrically communicating with the two or more light beam assemblies by way of electrical connections fabricated on the circuit board; and a first set of patterns of alignment keys for registering the two or more light beam assemblies to the circuit board so that the light beam assemblies are fastened to the circuit board at positions predetermined by the patterns; and a second set of patterns of alignment keys in the housing for positioning each of the circuit boards within the housing at a predetermined location that automatically aligns the two or more light beam assemblies fastened to each of the circuit boards with the lenses of the housing when the circuit boards are fastened to the housing, thereby enabling each of the lenses to cooperate with a corresponding aligned light beam assembly to broadcast a light beam alerting observers of the vehicle to an emergency condition. 2. The emergency light of claim 1 including an energy source for all energy consuming devices within the housing, including light generating devices that are either associated with or part of the two or more light beam assemblies, where the energy source and the housing are mated such that the energy consuming devices operate without requiring electrical wiring from the housing to an electrical system for the vehicle. 3. The emergency light of claim 2 wherein the energy source includes solar cells that convert solar energy to electrical energy and provide the electrical energy to (a) the energy consuming devices and (b) to an energy storage device within the housing when all of the electrical energy generated by the solar cells is not required by the energy consuming devices. 4. The emergency light of claim 3 wherein the light generating devices are light emitting diodes (LEDs) mounted to the one or more circuit boards. 5. The emergency light of claim 1 wherein the light beam assemblies include means for shaping light from light generating devices into the light beams. 6. The emergency light of claim 1 including a receiver within the housing for wireless communication with a user interface located in a passenger compartment of the vehicle. 7. The emergency light of claim 1 including: an energy source for energy consuming devices within the housing, including light generating devices either associated with or part of the light beam assemblies, where the energy source is mated with the housing such that the energy consuming devices operate without requiring wiring between the housing and an electrical system for the vehicle; and a receiver within the housing for wireless communication with a user interface located in a passenger compartment of the vehicle, enabling the energy consuming devices to be controlled without requiring wiring between the housing and the user interface. 8. The emergency light of claim 1 wherein the housing is elongated to extend across a roof of a vehicle such that the emergency light is a light bar for mounting to a roof of a vehicle. 9. The emergency light of claim 1 wherein the alignment keys in the circuit boards for the first and second sets of patterns are holes in the circuit boards. 10. The emergency light of claim 1 wherein at least one of the light beam assemblies is a beam shaping device whose predetermined position on the circuit board optically aligns the beam shaping device with a source of light supported on the circuit board. 11. The emergency light of claim 1 wherein the predetermined position on the circuit board includes at first and second patterns of the first set of patterns with each of the first and second patterns complementing a pattern of alignment keys for a different type of light beam assembly, such that light beam assemblies of different types may be alternatively fastened to the circuit board at the predetermined position. 12. The emergency light of claim 1 wherein the one or more circuit boards are thermally conductive circuit boards that both communicate control signals to the one or more light beam assemblies and sink heat generated by the assemblies. 13. The emergency light of claim 1 wherein the one or more circuit boards are two or more circuit boards each connected to another by a wiring harness. 14. The emergency light of claim 1 wherein light emitting diodes (LEDs) are mounted directly to at least one of the one or more circuit boards and cooperate with abeam shaping device comprising one of the light beam assemblies to generate the light beam. 15. The emergency light of claim 1 wherein the one or more circuit boards is at least two circuit boards mounted in the housing to be substantially side-by-side and co-planar. 16. The emergency light of claim 1 wherein the one or more circuit boards includes a ground plane that divides an interior of the housing into two electrically isolated spaces when the circuit boards are attached to the housing, with each of the ground plane effectively shielding one of the spaces from any electromagnetic disturbance caused by operation of devices in the other space. 