A traffic safety cone incorporating a flashing light module includes electrically coupled first and second modules. The first module includes a solar cell array positioned atop an upper surface of a circular mounting member, a resilient, impact cushioning bumper that surrounds the mounting member, and a high-intensity LED flasher unit having a cylindrical base. The circular disk is secured to the top of the flasher unit, and the cylindrical base fits into the top of a traffic cone that has been truncated for a precise fit. The second module includes a truncated cone-shaped housing, electrical batteries installed within the housing, battery charging circuitry and an ON/OFF switch. The second module and a module retainer plate, which also functions as a battery cover, are installed in that order in the bottom of the traffic safety cone and are secured to the first module with threaded securing rods.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An illuminated traffic control device comprising: a truncated traffic safety cone having a first upper opening and a larger second lower opening at its base; a first module having a cylindrical base installed within said first upper opening, and an upper portion containing a high-intensity LED light unit; a second module having a frustrum-shaped housing, with electro-chemical power units for powering the LED light unit installed therein, said frustrum-shaped housing having a lower base with a diameter less than that of said larger second lower opening and an upper base with a diameter greater than that of said first upper opening, said second module installed within said safety cone through the larger second opening; a multi-conductor cable, which electrically couples the first and second modules; and at least one threaded fastener which secures said second module to said first module, thereby securing both modules and both modules to the truncated traffic safety cone. 2. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 1, wherein said high-intensity LED light unit has both a steady-on mode and a flashing mode. 3. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 1, wherein said truncated traffic safety cone is trimmed to receive the cylindrical base of the LED light unit. 4. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 3, wherein said generally cylindrical base is equipped with an annular ridge, and said illuminated traffic safety cone further comprises a stop washer having a circular aperture sized to ride against the annular ridge and, thereby, prevent the high-intensity LED light unit from slipping into the first upper opening of the truncated traffic safety cone. 5. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 1, wherein said electro-chemical power units include a pair of rechargeable batteries, each of which has a nominal DC output of 6 volts, said batteries not only providing power for the high-intensity LED light unit, but also provide ballast for the truncated traffic safety cone with a center of gravity that is substantially below the upper opening thereof. 6. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 5, wherein said batteries are installed within separate recesses formed within the frustrum-shaped housing, each battery has a pair of resilient, spaced-apart contacts on a top portion thereof, and each recess has a ceiling equipped with a pair of battery terminal contact plates through which power is taken from the battery located within that recess. 7. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 6, wherein the batteries are series coupled to provide a power supply having a nominal DC output of 12-volts. 8. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 4, wherein said stop washer is cup shaped and a joint where the washer makes contact with the annular ridge is hermetically sealed to prevent entry of water into the interior space of the truncated traffic safety cone. 9. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 1, which further comprises: a solar panel mounting platform mounted atop said high-intensity LED light unit; a solar cell array panel mounted atop said solar panel mounting platform; and recharging circuitry coupling said solar cell array panel to said electro-chemical power units, said recharging circuitry mounted on said housing. 10. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 9, which further comprises a resilient annular bumper, which fits around said solar panel mounting platform and protects the first module from damage in the event that the illuminated traffic control device is tipped over. 11. An illuminated traffic control device comprising: a truncated traffic safety cone having a first upper opening and a larger second lower opening at its base; a first module installed within said upper opening, said first module including: a high-intensity LED light unit having a generally cylindrical base, flasher circuitry installed in the base, a lens sealably secured to said base, and an array of high-intensity LEDs visible through the lens, and providing 360 degrees of visibility; a solar panel mounting platform secured to a top portion of said high-intensity LED light unit; and a solar cell array panel secured to said solar panel mounting platform; mounted atop the LED light unit installed in the first upper opening; a second module installed within said truncated traffic safety cone through said lower opening, said second module including: a truncated cone-shaped housing; electro-chemical power units installed within recesses in the housing; and charging circuitry coupled to the electro-chemical power units, and mounted on the housing; a multi-conductor cable, which electrically couples the solar cell array panel to the charging circuitry and the LED light unit to the electro-chemical power units; and means for securing said first module to said second module and both modules to said truncated traffic safety cone. 12. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 11, wherein said means for securing comprises a pair of attachment rods, each of which has a finger tightenable head at one end thereof and a female-threaded opposite end, each of said attachment rods passing through one of a pair of cylindrical apertures in said truncated cone-shaped housing so that the female-threaded opposite end of each attachment rod can engage one of two threaded studs which downwardly project from said base. 13. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 11, wherein said high-intensity LED light unit has both a steady-on mode and a flashing mode. 14. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 11, wherein said truncated traffic safety cone is trimmed to receive the cylindrical base of the LED light unit with a slip fit having minimal clearance. 15. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 11, wherein said generally cylindrical base is equipped with an annular ridge, and said illuminated traffic safety cone further comprises a stop washer having an a circular aperture sized to ride against the annular ridge and, thereby, prevent the high-intensity LED light unit from slipping into the first upper opening of the truncated traffic safety cone. 16. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 12, wherein said electro-chemical power units are a pair of series-coupled rechargeable batteries, each of which has a nominal DC output of 6-volts, which not only power the high-intensity LED light unit, but provide ballast for the truncated traffic safety cone with a center of gravity that is substantially below the upper opening thereof. 17. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 16, wherein said batteries are installed within separate recesses formed within the truncated cone-shaped housing, each battery has a pair of resilient, spaced-apart contacts on a top portion thereof, and each recess has a ceiling equipped with a pair of battery terminal contact plates through which power is taken from the battery located within that recess, said recesses being covered by a module retainer plate that is installed beneath the housing, said retainer plate having a pair of apertures that align with the cylindrical apertures in said housing, and through which said attachment rods also pass. 18. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 15, wherein said stop washer is cup shaped and a joint where the washer makes contact with the annular ridge is hermetically sealed to limit the entry of water into the interior space of the truncated traffic safety cone when the device is exposed to inclement weather. 19. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 11, which further comprises a resilient annular bumper, which fits around said solar panel mounting platform and protects the first module from damage in the event that the illuminated traffic control device is tipped over. 20. The illuminated traffic control device of claim 11, which further comprises a jack coupled to said charging circuitry, which enables recharging of the electro-chemical power units from an external DC source. 