A compressed-air powered drive system for a vehicle (10) or a propeller-driven aircraft (12). In a land vehicle (10), the drive system includes a plurality of air motors (20) each driving a wheel (16) through a transmission device (18). Compressed air from an air storage tank (12) is supplied through a heat exchanger (40) to drive air motors. A fuel is burned in the heat exchanger (40) to provide hot, high pressure air to the first air motors. Water may be injected into the heat exchanger to provide a hot steam. A plurality of air pumps (22) are engaged with and driven by the wheels to pump air into the tank during driving. When braking, the air pumps (22) driven by the wheels (16) recapture kinetic energy by pumping air into the tank. The air motors can also act as pumps to pump air into the tank during braking by reversing the transmission devices.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A compressed air powered drive system for a vehicle, comprising: a plurality of wheels for engaging the earth's surface; a plurality of air motors each engaged with a wheel for driving the wheel; an air storage tank for storing compressed air; a fuel storage tank for storing a fuel; a heat exchanger connected to the air storage tank through an air supply valve and connected to the air motors, the heat exchanger heating the air from the air storage tank prior to supplying it to the air motors, the heat exchanger including a burner connected to the fuel storage tank through a fuel supply valve and an ignition device for burning the fuel, wherein the air motors are capable of being driven by high pressure air from the heat exchanger to cause the respective wheels to rotate in a forward direction; a plurality of air pumps each engaged with a wheel, the air pumps being connected to the air storage tank through a valve, the air pumps being driven by the respective wheels to pump air into the air storage tank when the wheels rotate in the forward direction, wherein the air pumps are structurally distinct from the air motors and pump air into the air storage tank while the air motors drive the wheels; and a control device for controlling the air valve, the fuel valve, and the ignition device. 2. The drive system of claim 1, further comprising one or more first variable speed transmission devices for engaging the air motors with the respective wheels. 3. The drive system of claim 1, further comprising one or more second variable speed transmission devices for engaging the air pumps with the respective wheels. 4. The drive system of claim 2, wherein the first variable speed transmission devices are reversible in direction, and wherein when the first variable speed transmission devices are in a reverse direction, the respective wheels rotating in the forward direction drive the air motors to pump air into the air storage tank through the air supply valve. 5. A compressed air powered drive system for a vehicle, comprising: a plurality of wheels for engaging the earth's surface; one or more air motors each engaged with a wheel for driving the wheel; an air storage tank for storing compressed air; a fuel storage tank for storing a fuel; a heat exchanger connected to the air storage tank through an air supply valve and connected to the air motors, the heat exchanger heating the air from the air storage tank prior to supplying it to the air motors, the heat exchanger including a burner connected to the fuel storage tank through a fuel supply valve and an ignition device for burning the fuel; a water storage tank; a conduit connecting the water storage tank through a water supply valve to an interior of the heat exchanger to inject water into the heat exchanger where the water is converted to steam; wherein the air motors are capable of being driven by high pressure air and steam from the heat exchanger to cause the respective wheels to rotate in a forward direction; one or more air pumps each engaged with a wheel, the air pumps being connected to the air storage tank through a valve, the air pumps being driven by the respective wheels to pump air into the air storage tank when the wheels rotate in the forward direction, wherein the air pumps are structurally distinct from the air motors and pump air into the air storage tank while the air motors drive the wheels; and a control device for controlling the air valve, the fuel valve, the ignition device, and the water supply valve. 6. The drive system of claim 1, further comprising a battery for supplying electricity to the ignition device. 7. The drive system of claim 6, further comprising solar cells for charging the battery. 8. The drive system of claim 6, further comprising an electric air pump driven by the battery for pumping air into the air storage tank. 9. The drive system of claim 8, further comprising an auxiliary air storage tank connected to the air pumps and to the air storage tank via the electric air pump, wherein the air pumps pump air into the auxiliary air storage tank when the respective wheels rotate in the forward direction, and wherein the electric pump pumps air from the auxiliary air storage tank to the air storage tank. 10. A vehicle incorporating the drive system of claim 1, further comprising a shock absorber system including a plurality of one-way linear piston-in-shaft air pumps mechanically connected between the wheels and a base of the vehicle, the one-way linear piston-in-shaft air pumps pumping air into the air storage tank as the base moves up and down. 11. The vehicle of claim 10, wherein the air storage tank surrounds the base of the vehicle. 12. The vehicle of claim 10, further comprising a continuous belt arranged around a lubricated surface of the vehicle exterior. 13. A compressed air powered drive system for a propeller drive aircraft comprising: a propeller shaft for mounting a propeller; an air motor engaged with the propeller shaft; an air storage tank for storing compressed air; a fuel storage tank for storing a fuel; a heat exchanger connected to the air storage tank through an air supply valve and connected to the air motor, the heat exchanger heating the air from the air storage tank prior to supplying it to the air motor, the heat exchanger including a burner connected to the fuel storage tank through a fuel supply valve and an ignition device for burning the fuel, wherein the air motor is capable of being driven by high pressure air from the heat exchanger to drive the propeller shaft; an air pump engaged with the propeller shaft, the air pump being connected to the air storage tank through a valve and being driven by the propeller shaft to pump air into the air storage tank; and wherein the air pump is structurally distinct from the air motor and pumps air into the air storage tank while the air motor drives the propeller shaft; and a control device for controlling the air valve, the fuel valve, and the ignition device. 14. The drive system of claim 13, further comprising a first variable speed transmission device for engaging the air motor with the propeller shaft. 15. The drive system of claim 13, further comprising a variable speed transmission device for engaging the air pump with the propeller shaft. 16. The drive system of claim 13, further comprising a battery for supplying electricity to the ignition device. 17. The drive system of claim 16, further comprising solar cells for charging the battery. 18. The drive system of claim 16, further comprising an electric pump driven by the battery for pumping air into the air storage tank. 19. The drive system of claim 18, further comprising an auxiliary air storage tank connected to the air pump and to the air storage tank via the electric air pump, wherein the air pump pumps air into the auxiliary air storage tank when driven by the propeller, and wherein the electric pump pumps air from the auxiliary air storage tank to the air storage tank. 