An improved system for delivering propane or other consumable liquid to remotely located storage tanks including a novel combination of remote monitoring of customer tanks and an improved method of using the remote monitoring data to optimally schedule deliveries, improve safety, and more efficiently operate a propane dealership. More accurate and timely information concerning the status of customer tanks serves to improve operational efficiencies and increase safety. Data received from remote sensors can be collected and organized so that it is easily understood and utilized through the implementation of a user interface accessible via the Internet that allows the information to be presented in an efficient graphical and contextual fashion. Operational efficiencies can also be improved by taking historical propane usage for each tank, weather conditions, and projected fuel usage into account. The system can calendar required inspections of customer tanks, homes, and appliances, and data can be combined with accounts receivable information. Remote monitoring of customer tanks can be combined with other products using similar equipment to provide additional non-seasonal revenue streams.
Claims I claim: 1. An apparatus for monitoring fluid levels of a consumable liquid in a storage tank, the apparatus comprising: a monitoring unit including at least one processor to receive and process fluid level information indicative of the amount of fluid in a storage tank, said monitoring unit to be associated with and communicatively linked with a sensor mounted in association with a storage tank that provides fluid level information indicative of the amount of fluid in the storage tank; said monitoring unit also to be communicatively linked to at least one central server remotely located from the storage tank and to process fluid level information to determine whether a predefined out-of-ordinary event has occurred and, if so, send information to the at least one central server that can be used (i) to provide displayable fluid level data, and (ii) to forecast future fluid levels utilizing at least stored fluid level data. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said monitoring unit includes a cellular modem for communicatively linking to the at least one central server. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said monitoring unit includes a primary communications link for communicatively linking to the at least one central server and a backup communications link to be used if the primary communications link is not operable. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein determining whether a predefined out-of-ordinary event has occurred comprises comparing a change in fluid levels over a period of time to historic changes in fluid levels fluid levels over the same period of time for the same tank or for similar tanks. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said monitoring unit further comprises a satellite modem and antenna for communicating with the at least one central server. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein the communication between the monitoring unit and the at least one central server is two-way communication. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said processor is contained in a sealed case to protect the processor from adverse environmental conditions. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said monitoring unit can be easily replaced in the event of mechanical failure. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said monitoring unit further comprises an external antenna. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said monitoring unit and processor are powered by direct wire, batteries, solar power, or optional external power supply. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said processor communicates with the tank level sensor by way of a direct wire connection, an I/O port, and a communication bus. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said processor comprises circuitry for implementing the following functions: receiving data from the one or more propane tank sensors; processing the data; converting it into readable form if necessary; at preselected intervals or times, connecting to the central server through the associated communication device and external antenna to transfer data; determining whether a predefined out-of-ordinary event has occurred and, if so, connecting to the central server through the associated communication device at a time other than at preselected intervals or times. 13. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein determining whether a predefined out-of-ordinary event has occurred comprises determining the change in fluid levels in the storage tank over a period of time to predefined thresholds. 14. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the fluid comprises propane. 15. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: said monitoring unit to be communicatively linked with one or more secondary sensors located remotely from the storage tank, said sensors for detecting the occurrence of a local phenomena and transmitting a detection signal to said monitoring unit; said monitoring unit to process the one or more signals from said secondary sensors to determine whether the value is outside a predetermined range and, if so, to send data concerning the detection signal to the at least one central server. 16. An apparatus for monitoring fluid levels of a consumable liquid in two or more remotely located storage tanks, comprising: a means for obtaining data indicative of the amount of fluid in a storage tank; a means for locally processing the data to determine whether predefined conditions are met; a means for transferring the data to a central location so that said data can be used (i) to provide displayable fluid level data, and (ii) to forecast future fluid levels utilizing at least stored fluid level data. 17. An apparatus for monitoring fluid levels in a fuel storage tank comprising: a monitoring unit adapted to be associated with a storage tank and at least one tank sensor providing information indicative of the amount of fluid in the storage tank, said monitoring unit to communicatively link with the at least one tank sensor so that information measured by the tank sensor is communicated to the monitoring unit, said monitoring unit including a processor to receive and process the communicated tank sensor information and a memory to store processed tank sensor information; and wherein the one monitoring unit calculates predicted fluid levels based upon communicated tank sensor information and compares actual fluid levels to predicted fluid levels to determine whether a predefined out-of-ordinary event has occurred. 18. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein said monitoring is adapted to communicate with and notify a central server remotely located from the monitoring unit when a predefined out-of-ordinary event has occurred. 