Systems, methods, and apparatuses may be provided for stray voltage detection. The systems, methods and apparatuses may include providing a first antenna at a first location relative to a monitored equipment or structure, where the first antenna may be operative to detect a first electric field strength at the first location, providing a second antenna at a second location relative to the monitored equipment or structure, where the second antenna may be operative to detect a second electric field strength at the second location, and detecting a stray voltage based at least in part upon the detected first electric field strength and the second electric field strength.
Claims That which is claimed: 1. A method, comprising: providing a first antenna at a first location relative to a monitored equipment or structure, wherein the first antenna is operative to detect a first electric field strength at the first location; providing a second antenna at a second location relative to the monitored equipment or structure, wherein the second antenna is operative to detect a second electric field strength at the second location; and detecting a stray voltage based at least in part upon the detected first electric field strength and the second electric field strength, wherein one or both of the first antenna or the second antenna are adjustable such that the respective first location or the second location can be repositioned. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: determining a difference between the first electric field strength and the second electric field strength, wherein the stray voltage is detected based upon the difference between the first electric field strength and the second electric field strength. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein one or both of the first or second antennas comprise a plate, a grid, PC-board traces, or a wire. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising filtering the detected first electric field strength and the detected second electric field strength. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein the filtering comprises time-dependent filtering. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the first antenna is substantially parallel or perpendicular to the second antenna. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein an indication of the detected stray voltage is transmitted via a wireless or wired network. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the wireless network comprises a wireless mesh network formed of a plurality of photocontrol devices. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein the wired network comprises a power-line carrier network. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the monitored equipment or structure includes (i) a streetlight pole, (ii) mounting hardware associated with the streetlight pole, (iii) a manhole cover, (iv) a fence, (v) a transformer, or (vi) metal or conductive covers or grates. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein one or both of the first or second antennas are provided external to or within (i) a photo-cell associated with a streetlight, or (ii) a fixture head of a streetlight. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the first antenna or the second antenna is a metal or conductive structure of the monitored equipment or structure. 13. A system, comprising: a first antenna, wherein the first antenna is operative to detect a first electric field strength at a first location relative to a monitored object; a second antenna, wherein the second antenna is operative to detect a second electric field strength at a second location relative to the monitored object; and a signal processing device operative to determine a stray voltage based at least in part on the detected first electric field strength and the second electric field strength, wherein one or both of the first antenna or the second antenna are adjustable such that the respective first location or the second location can be repositioned. 14. The system of claim 13, further comprising: an operational amplifier that outputs a difference between the first electric field strength and the second electric field strength; and a comparator that is operative to determine whether the difference between the first electric field strength and the second electric field strength exceeds a threshold, wherein the signal processing device is operative to determine the stray voltage if the comparator determines that the first electric field strength and the second electric field strength exceeds the threshold. 15. The system of claim 13, further comprising: a battery for powering at least the signal processing device, and a photovoltaic panel/cell, clamp-on current transformer, inductive pick-up, or capacitive pick-up for recharging the battery. 16. The system of claim 13, further comprising: wherein the first antenna, the second antenna, and the signal processing device are provided for a stray voltage detection device, wherein an activation of the stray voltage detection device is magnetically controlled. 17. The system of claim 13, wherein the signal processing device is operative to perform filtering in determining the stray voltage. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the filtering is time-dependent filtering. 19. The system of claim 13, further comprising: a radio frequency (RF) transmitter that is operative to transmit an indication of the identified stray voltage to a remote location. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein the RF transmitter is further operative to transmit information associated with one or more of (i) temperature, (ii) gunshot or noise detection, (iii) circuitry defects, (iv) tampering detection, (v) tilt detection, (vi) radiation, and (vii) environmental conditions. 21. The system of claim 13, wherein the monitored object includes (i) a streetlight pole, (ii) mounting hardware associated with the streetlight pole, (iii) a manhole cover, (iv) a fence, (v) a transformer, or (vi) metal or conductive covers or grates. 22. The system of claim 13, wherein one or both of the first or second antennas are provided external to or within (i) a photo-cell associated with a streetlight, or (ii) a fixture head of a streetlight. 23. The method of claim 1, wherein the first antenna, the second antenna, and the signal processing device are provided for a stray voltage detection device, wherein an activation of the stray voltage detection device is magnetically controlled. 24. The method of claim 1, wherein the filtering is performed by at least one filter, and the stray voltage is detected by a signal processing device. 25. A method, comprising: providing a first antenna at a first location relative to a monitored equipment or structure, wherein the first antenna is operative to detect a first electric field strength at the first location; providing a second antenna at a second location relative to the monitored equipment or structure, wherein the second antenna is operative to detect a second electric field strength at the second location; filtering the detected first electric field strength and the detected second electric field strength, wherein the filtering comprises time-dependent filtering; and detecting a stray voltage based at least in part upon the filtered first electric field strength and the filtered second electric field strength. 26. The method of claim 25, further comprising: determining a difference between the first electric field strength and the second electric field strength, wherein the stray voltage is detected based upon the difference between the first electric field strength and the second electric field strength. 27. The method of claim 25, wherein the first antenna is substantially parallel or perpendicular to the second antenna. 28. The method of claim 25, wherein the monitored equipment or structure includes (i) a streetlight pole, (ii) mounting hardware associated with the streetlight pole, (iii) a manhole cover, (iv) a fence, (v) a transformer, or (vi) metal or conductive covers or grates. 29. The method of claim 25, wherein one or both of the first or second antennas are provided external to or within (i) a photo-cell associated with a streetlight, or (ii) a fixture head of a streetlight. 30. A system, comprising: a first antenna, wherein the first antenna is operative to detect a first electric field strength at a first location relative to a monitored object; a second antenna, wherein the second antenna is operative to detect a second electric field strength at a second location relative to the monitored object; and a signal processing device operative to determine a stray voltage based at least in part on the detected first electric field strength and the second electric field strength, wherein the signal processing device is operative to perform filtering in determining the stray voltage, wherein the filtering is time-dependent filtering. 31. The system of claim 30, further comprising: an operational amplifier that outputs a difference between the first electric field strength and the second electric field strength; and a comparator that is operative to determine whether the difference between the first electric field strength and the second electric field strength exceeds a threshold, wherein the signal processing device is operative to determine the stray voltage if the comparator determines that the first electric field strength and the second electric field strength exceeds the threshold. 32. The system of claim 30, wherein the first antenna is substantially parallel or perpendicular to the second antenna. 33. The system of claim 30, wherein the monitored object includes (i) a streetlight pole, (ii) mounting hardware associated with the streetlight pole, (iii) a manhole cover, (iv) a fence, (v) a transformer, or (vi) metal or conductive covers or grates. 34. The system of claim 30, wherein one or both of the first or second antennas are provided external to or within (i) a photo-cell associated with a streetlight, or (ii) a fixture head of a streetlight. 