A remote sensing system and method for instrumenting the entries to manhole enclosures, in order to provide a platform and means for sensing environmental parameters within and around the enclosures and wirelessly transmitting those parameters to a distant site. The system comprises a housing with sensor for monitoring environmental parameter in the vicinity of the manhole. A microcontroller in the housing sends the parameters to a radio module, which transmits the parameters to a communication device for alerting a user that a manhole has been tampered with.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A remote sensing system comprising: an environmentally secure housing having communication ports for sensors; means for removably coupling the housing to an interior side of an entry cover of an enclosure; a microcontroller within the housing coupled to the communication ports; a two-way communication module coupled to the microcontroller; at least one sensor coupled to at least one of the communication ports, the at least one sensor monitoring parameters within the enclosure, wherein parameters received from the at least one sensor is processed by the microcontroller and forwarded to the two-way communication module for transmission; a connector cable connected to the two-way communication module which leads to an antenna exterior to the enclosure for transmitting the parameters to a remote device; and power means for providing power to at least the microcontroller, sensors, and two-way communication module, wherein the power means comprises an energy storage device and a solar panel that is at least one of embedded into and attached to at least one of the entry cover and a part of the enclosure covered by the entry cover, the power means automatically switching between the energy storing source and the solar panel for needed power. 2. The remote sensing system of claim 1, wherein the at least one sensor is capable of monitoring odor. 3. A remote sensing system comprising: an environmentally secure housing having communication ports for sensors; means for removably coupling the housing to an interior side of an entry cover of an enclosure, the means for coupling not penetrating entirely through the enclosure; a microcontroller within the housing coupled to the communication ports; a two-way communication module coupled to the microcontroller wherein the two-way communication module is capable of operating with a plurality of communication protocols in different wireless networks; at least one sensor coupled to at least one of the communication ports, the at least one sensor monitoring parameters in a vicinity of the housing, wherein parameters received from the at least one sensor is processed by the microcontroller and forwarded to the two-way communication module for transmission; a connector cable connected to the two-way communication module which leads to an antenna exterior to the enclosure for transmitting the parameters to a remote device; and power means for providing power at least to the microcontroller, sensors, and two-way communication module. 4. The remote sensing system of claim 3, wherein one of the different wireless networks is a GPS network. 5. The remote sensing system of claim 3, wherein one of the different wireless networks is WiFiMAX. 6. The remote sensing system of claim 3, further comprising a communication repeater positioned within communication range of the enclosure but not within the enclosure. 7. The remote sensing system of claim 6, wherein the repeater utilizes at least one of terrestrial and non-terrestrial communication services. 8. The remote sensing system of claim 3, wherein the at least one sensor is capable of monitoring odor. 9. A remote sensing system comprising: a non-metallic manhole entry cover containing at least one of a microcontroller and communication ports for sensors; a two-way communication module coupled to the microcontroller; at least one sensor coupled to at least one of the communication ports, the at least one sensor monitoring manhole environmental parameters, wherein parameters received from the at least one sensor is processed by the microcontroller and forwarded to the two-way communication module for transmission; a connector cable connected to the two-way communication module which leads to an antenna for transmitting the parameters to a remote device; and power means for providing power at least to the microcontroller, sensors, and two-way communication module. 10. The remote sensing system of claim 9, wherein the antenna is inside the entry cover. 11. A method for monitoring a water or sewer system, comprising: placing remote sensing devices via a removable bracket to an interior side only of entry covers of a plurality of enclosures, wherein the remote sensing device contains a sensor, a microcontroller, two-way communication module, and power means; monitoring a condition of the water or sewer system via the remote sensing devices; periodically forwarding the monitored condition via a wireless communication protocol to a central server; generating reports detailing the monitored condition of the plurality of enclosures; and alerting a human party of a non-normal condition in the water or sewer system via the wireless communication protocol. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the reports provide statistics, maintenance requirements, administration, and security management information. 13. The method of claim 11, wherein the power means automatically switches between an energy storing source and an embedded solar panel for needed power. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein the two-way communication module is capable of operating with a plurality of communication protocols in different wireless networks. 