Systems and methods are disclosed for maintaining security and data gathering for a number of vehicles. The systems include a vehicle activity module for each of the vehicles. The vehicle activity module has a wireless transmitter, a storage device, at least one sensor for receiving event information from identification devices, such as RFID cards, keypads, magnetic ID cards, and the like, a releasable key container, and a processor for accessing and analyzing information. The VAMs are wirelessly connected to a computer system. The VAMs control access to the keys, monitor information relating to access, and store and transmit information relating to sales events, non-sales events, and intrusion events. The VAMs are capable of autonomous operation, without the need to access the computer system to verify event information. The VAMs further include signal attenuating mechanisms to facilitate use of "smart keys."
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device for storing at least one key proximate a vehicle, maintaining security, and gathering data for the vehicle, the device comprising: a housing having a mounting device to mount the device to the vehicle and a releasable key compartment; and a conductive container configured to fit within the releasable key compartment and further configured to receive at least one vehicle key; the conductive container being capable of attenuating a wireless signal emitted from the at least one key when disposed within the conductive container, and an identification tag containing vehicle information, the identification tag being attached to and associated with the at least one key or the conductive container, wherein the identification tag is configured to transmit information electronically to a central computer. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein said conductive container is integral to the device. 3. The device of claim 1 wherein the identification tag is an RFID tag. 4. The device of claim 1 further comprising: at least one information reader by which event information can be input into the device; and a storage device operably connected to the information reader for receipt and storage of the event information. 5. The device of claim 4 wherein the event information includes at least one of, identification information, access information, key information, customer information, location information, sales information, and intrusion information. 6. The device of claim 5 further comprising: a wireless transmitter by which the event information and reference information can be transmitted to the computer for storage and analysis. 7. The device of claim 6 wherein the wireless transmitter is configured to communicate with the computer through a cellular communications facility. 8. The device of claim 6 wherein the wireless transmitter is configured to communicate with the computer through a Zigbee wireless network protocol. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein the conductive container is a Faraday cage. 10. The device of claim 1 wherein the conductive container is a cylindrical shape with a an opening for the at least one key. 11. The device of claim 1 wherein the conductive container comprises metal. 12. The device of claim 11 further comprising a connector by which the conductive container may be coupled to a ground reference. 13. The device of claim 4 wherein the at least one information reader is selected from the group consisting of: a magnetic card reader, a RFID reader, a keypad, a biometric reader, or combinations thereof. 14. The device of claim 13 wherein the keypad is integral to the device. 15. The device of claim 13 wherein the keypad is removably connected to the device. 16. The device of claim 5 wherein the customer information is a telephone number. 17. The device of claim 5 wherein the information relating to an individual accessing the at least one key is selected from the group consisting of: a pin number, an access number, an employee number, and combinations thereof. 18. The device of claim 6 wherein the storage device further comprises reference information relating to the event information for verification or authorization of the event information. 19. The device of claim 18 wherein the reference information comprises at least one of, identification information, access information, key information, customer information, and vehicle location information, for verification of the event information. 20. The device of claim 19 further comprising an event action mechanism. 21. The device of claim 20 wherein the event action mechanism is selected from the group consisting of: a release mechanism for the releasable key compartment, an intrusion alarm, an LED display, a digital display, and a data transfer mechanism capable of transmitting information to the computer via the wireless transmitter. 22. The device of claim 21 wherein upon verification of the reference information with corresponding event information, a corresponding event action mechanism is activated. 23. A system for maintaining security and gathering data for a plurality of vehicles comprising: a plurality of vehicle activity modules, each of which may be assigned and mounted to one of a plurality of vehicles, at least one of the plurality of vehicle activity modules including a storage device capable of receiving and storing data, a wireless transmitter, at least one sensor, a releasable key container configured to receive at least one key, and a processor operably coupled to one or more of the wireless transmitter, at least one sensor, or releasable key container; a computer having a database for storage of data, the computer being in wireless communication with the at least one vehicle activity module; at least one key identification device for attachment to the at least one key of at least one of the plurality of vehicles, wherein the at least one key identification device is configured to transmit information wirelessly to the computer; and at least one identification card containing information relating to an individual authorized to access the at least one vehicle activity module; wherein the processor is capable of receiving and transmitting event information to the storage device or the computer from at least one of the sensors; and wherein the processor is programmed to access and analyze the event information and compare the event information to reference information stored in the storage device for initiation of an event action within the at least one vehicle activity module. 24. The system of claim 23 wherein the computer periodically transmits reference information to the at least one vehicle activity module independent of the event information, which reference information may be used by at least one of the vehicle activity modules to analyze event information. 25. The system of claim 23 wherein the at least one vehicle activity module is configured to operate in a sleep mode until awakened by event information. 26. The system of claim 25 wherein the at least one vehicle activity module is awakened by an occurrence of at least one of a sales event, a non-sales event, or an intrusion event. 27. The system of claim 23, wherein the at least one vehicle activity module operates in sleep mode in which the at least one vehicle activity module awakes itself at programmed intervals, to transmit status information to the computer. 28. The system of claim 23 wherein the at least one sensor senses the presence or absence of the at least one key identification device within the releasable key container and wherein the at least one vehicle activity module transmits information relating to the presence or absence of a key identification device. 29. The system of claim 23 wherein the event action is selected from the group consisting of: triggering an alarm, releasing the releasable key container, and transmitting the event information to the computer, or combinations thereof. 30. The system of claim 23 wherein the at least one vehicle activity module further comprises a rechargeable battery. 31. The system of claim 30 wherein the rechargeable battery is a solar powered rechargeable battery. 32. The system of claim 23 wherein the at least one sensor is an intrusion sensor. 33. The system of claim 23 wherein the at least one sensor comprises a magnetic card reader. 34. The system of claim 23 wherein the at least one sensor comprises an RFID reader. 35. The system of claim 23 wherein the at least one sensor comprises a programmable key pad. 36. The system of claim 23 wherein the at least one sensor comprises a biometric reader. 37. The system of claim 23 wherein the wireless transmitter is configured to communicate with the computer through a cellular communications facility. 38. The system of claim 23 wherein the wireless transmitter is configured to communicate with the computer through a Zigbee wireless network protocol. 39. The system of claim 23 wherein the at least one vehicle activity module further comprises a clock and the at least one activity module transmits information related to the clock. 40. The system of claim 23 wherein the event information is transmitted to the computer for storage in the database and for generation of reports relating to the event information; and wherein the computer is configurable to generate reports relating to inventory based on the event information. 41. The system of claim 40 wherein the computer generates reports for locating at least one of the plurality of vehicles based on the event information. 42. The system of claim 40 wherein the computer generates reports relating to the presence or absence of at least one of the keys of the plurality of vehicles based on the event information. 43. The system of claim 40 wherein the computer generates reports relating to access to at least one of the plurality of vehicles based on the event information. 44. The system of claim 40 wherein the computer generates reports relating to attempts to access at least one of the plurality of vehicles. 45. A method for managing and recording event information pertaining to access to a plurality of vehicles, the method comprising: A) assigning one of a plurality of vehicle activity modules to one of a plurality of vehicles and mounting the vehicle activity module to the vehicle, the vehicle activity module including a storage device capable of receiving and storing data, a wireless transmitter, at least one sensor capable of sensing event information, a releasable key container configured to receive at least one key, and a processor; B) attaching a key identification device to a key for the assigned vehicle, wherein the key identification device transmits key identification information electronically to a central computer; C) providing at least one identification card containing information relating to an individual authorized to access at least one vehicle activity module; D) connecting the computer, having a database for data storage in wireless communication with the at least one vehicle activity module, the computer being configured to send and receive information to and from the at least one vehicle activity module; E) sensing an event from at least one of the plurality of vehicle activity modules; F) processing information relating to the sensed event with information contained within the at least one vehicle activity module; and G) establishing a wireless communication link between the plurality of vehicle activity modules and the computer, such that the activated vehicle activity module is configured to transmit the processed information from the vehicle activity module to the computer relating to the sensed event. 46. The method of claim 45 wherein the key identification device includes information that permits a cross-reference to the assigned vehicle. 47. The system of claim 23, wherein the at least one key identification device is configured to transmit information wirelessly to the computer via at least one of the plurality of vehicle activity modules. 