A reflector element carrier structure is disclosed for use in a solar energy reflector system. The structure comprises a reflector element (11), a corrugated platform (12) which carries the reflector element and a skeletal frame structure (13) which supports the platform. The frame structure comprises hoop-like end members (14) that are supported by rollers (18) and the rollers accommodate turning of the carrier structure about an axis of rotation that lies substantially coincident with a longitudinal axis of the reflector element (11). The combination of the corrugated platform (12), the frame structure (13) and the hoop-like end members (14) of the frame structure provide the carrier structure with a torsional stability that permits the application of turning drive from one end of the structure.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A carrier structure for a reflector element, for use in a solar energy reflector system, and which comprises: a reflector element; a platform which is separate from the reflector element and upon which the reflector element is mounted, and which is formed with stiffening elements; a frame structure supporting the platform, wherein the frame structure comprises a space frame; at least one curved transverse frame member; and a mounting arrangement supporting the frame structure in a manner that accommodates turning of the carrier structure about an axis of rotation that lies substantially coincident with a longitudinal axis of the reflector element when mounted to the platform, wherein the space frame comprises struts connecting opposite end regions of the at least one curved transverse frame member to a spine member; wherein the platform is secured to the at least one curved transverse frame member in a manner such that the curvature of the at least one curved transverse frame member causes the platform to curve concavely, and wherein the reflector element is secured to the platform in a manner such that the curvature of the platform causes the reflector element to curve concavely. 2. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein the platform comprises a corrugated metal panel, with the corrugations forming the stiffening elements, and wherein the reflector element is supported upon the crests of the corrugations. 3. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 2 wherein the stiffening elements are orientated to extend in a direction parallel to the axis of rotation. 4. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein the platform comprises a panel-like platform, wherein the stiffening elements are formed as flutes in the platform and wherein the reflector element is supported upon crests of the flutes. 5. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein the platform is curved concavely in a direction orthogonal to the axis of rotation. 6. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 5 wherein the platform is curved with a radius of curvature within the range of 20 to 50 meters. 7. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein the reflector element comprises a panel-shaped glass mirror. 8. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein the reflector element comprises a plurality of edge-abutting glass mirrors. 9. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein the reflector element is adhered to the platform. 10. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein the frame structure comprises hoop-like end members that extend about the axis of rotation of the carrier structure and wherein the platform extends in the longitudinal direction between the end members. 11. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 10 wherein the end members are supported for turning upon the mounting arrangement. 12. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 10 wherein each said hoop-like end member has a channel-section circumferential portion and a diametrically extending member that is constituted by one of the curved transverse frame members. 13. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 12 wherein the mounting arrangement comprises spaced-apart supporting rollers which track within the circumferential portion of associated ones of the end members. 14. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 13 wherein the drive system comprises: a) a link chain that extends around and is fixed to the end member to form a gear wheel; b) an electric motor; and c) a sprocket for transferring drive from the motor to the link chain. 15. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 10 and further comprising a drive system for imparting unidirectional turning drive to the carrier structure by way of at least one of the end members. 16. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 10, wherein each of the hoop-like end members has a diametrically extending member that is constituted by one of the curved transverse frame members, and wherein the space frame connects opposite end regions of each of the curved transverse frame members to a spine member. 17. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 16, wherein the spine member interconnects the end members. 18. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 10, wherein the mounting arrangement further comprises a hold-down roller which prevents the lifting of the end members. 19. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 10, wherein two or more carrier structures are positioned linearly in a row and are connected to one to another by way of adjacent ones of the hoop-like end members. 20. The carrier structure as claimed in claim 19 and further comprising a drive system for imparting unidirectional turning drive to the row of two of more carrier structures by way of at least one of the end members. 21. A carrier structure for a reflector element, for use in a solar energy reflector system, and which comprises: a platform which is separate from and is arranged to carry the reflector element and which is formed with stiffening elements, a frame structure supporting the platform, wherein the frame structure comprises a space frame, and wherein the frame structure comprises hoop-like end members that extend about the axis of rotation of the carrier structure and wherein the platform extends in the longitudinal direction between the end members, wherein each of the hoop-like end members has a channel-section circumferential portion, wherein the carrier structure comprises at least one curved transverse frame member, wherein the space frame comprises struts connecting opposite end regions of the at least one curved transverse frame member to a spine member, wherein the platform is secured to the at least one curved transverse frame member in a manner such that the curvature of the at least one curved transverse frame member causes the platform to curve concavely, and wherein the reflector element is secured to the platform in a manner such that the curvature of the platform causes the reflector element to curve concavely; and a mounting arrangement supporting the frame structure in a manner that accommodates turning of the carrier structure about an axis of rotation that lies substantially coincident with a longitudinal axis of the reflector element when mounted to the platform, wherein the end members are supported for turning upon the mounting arrangement, and wherein the mounting arrangement comprises spaced-apart supporting rollers which track within the circumferential portion of associated ones of the end members. 