A portable inductive power source, power device, or unit, for use in powering or charging electrical, electronic, battery-operated, mobile, and other devices is disclosed herein. In accordance with an embodiment the system comprises a pad or similar base unit that contains a primary, which creates an alternating magnetic field by means of applying an alternating current to a winding, coil, or any type of current carrying wire. A receiver comprises a means for receiving the energy from the alternating magnetic field from the pad and transferring it to a mobile or other device. In some embodiments the receiver can also comprise electronic components or logic to set the voltage and current to the appropriate levels required by the mobile device, or to communicate information or data to and from the pad. Embodiments may also incorporate efficiency measures that improve the efficiency of power transfer between the charger and receiver.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mobile, electronic, or other device and/or battery, battery door, or skin for use with the device, which is capable of being inductively powered or charged comprising: a receiver for one of inductively powering or charging the mobile, electronic, or other device and/or battery, wherein the receiver includes a receiver coil having a generally planar or curved face, so that when the receiver coil is generally aligned upon one or more primary coils in a base unit that are capable of being selectively switched or activated by a switch in the base unit associated with the one or more primary coils, and also having a generally planar or curved face, so that the planes of their faces are generally parallel, and when a magnetic field is applied in a direction substantially perpendicular to the face of the receiver coil using induction from the one or more primary coils in the base unit, an electrical current is generated within the receiver coil and is used to power or charge the mobile, electronic, or other device and/or battery; a regulator that determines operating characteristics of the mobile electronic, or other device and/or battery, including one or more of charging capacity, present charge, voltage level and/or temperature, senses one or more of the current drawn from the receiver coil, or output voltage or output current provided to the device and/or battery, and regulates the current and/or voltage to be within the range of one of either a predefined value or an appropriate power parameter of the mobile, electronic or other device and/or battery as sensed by the regulator; a microcontroller unit or identification component located within the mobile, electronic, or other device and/or battery, battery door, or skin, wherein the microcontroller unit or identification component is configured to provide wireless identification and/or authentication of the receiver to the base unit, using current modulation or other farm of wireless communication; and wherein, when the mobile, electronic, or other device and/or battery, battery door, or skin is positioned in proximity to the base unit having the one or more primary coils capable of being selectively switched, so that the receiver coil is generally aligned upon the one or more primary coils in the base unit, the mobile, electronic, or other device and/or battery, battery door, or skin and the base unit operate with one another prior to and during charging to determine and then activate the one or more primary coils which is most appropriately aligned with the receiver coil, receive at the receiver inductive energy from the base unit, power the microcontroller unit or identification component to identify and/or authenticate the receiver, and continue to operate with one another prior to and during charging, to verify the continued presence of the receiver near the base unit, and/or wirelessly exchange additional Information to provide optimum power transfer to the receiver. 2. The mobile, electronic, or other device and/or battery, battery door, or skin of claim 1, wherein the one or more of the mobile, electronic, or other device and/or battery, battery door, or skin covering the mobile , electronic, or other device includes one or more first magnets, and wherein the one or more primary coils or base unit includes one or more second magnets, and wherein when the mobile, electronic, or other device and/or battery, battery door, or skin is placed on the base unit, the first and second magnets exert an attractive force upon one another to cause the receiver coil and the one or more primary coils in the base unit to become more aligned. 3. A system for use with a mobile or electronic device and/or battery, case, battery cover, shell, or skin for charging or powering the mobile or electronic device and/or battery inductively, comprising: a base unit including one or more primary coils therein, wherein each of the one or more primary coils has a generally planar or curved shape and wherein each of the one or more primary coils is capable of being selectively switched or activated, by a switch in the base unit associated with that coil, so that, when an electrical current is passed through the one or more primary coils a magnetic field is generated in a direction substantially perpendicular to the surface of the base unit and the one or more primary coils; wherein when the mobile or electronic device and/or battery, case, battery cover, shell, or skin covering the mobile or electronic device that includes a receiver coil, said receiver coil also having a generally planar or curved shape, is placed close to or in contact with the base unit, so that the one or more primary coils in the base unit and the receiver coil in the mobile or electronic device and/or battery, case, battery cover, shell, or skin covering the mobile electronic device are generally aligned upon one another about their centers, including that the planes of their faces are generally parallel, and the one or more primary coils is activated, the perpendicular magnetic field inductively generates an electrical current in the receiver coil within or on the mobile or electronic device and/or battery, case, battery cover, shell, or skin covering the mobile or electronic device and/or battery, which is used to provide regulated power to charge and/or power the mobile or electronic device and/or battery; wherein each switch in the base unit, that is associated with the one or more primary coils, can be switched on to activate the one or more primary coils, and to generate an electrical current in any receiver coil aligned with the one or more primary coils; wherein a microcontroller unit or identification component at the receiver is configured to provide wireless identification and/or authentication of the receiver to the base unit, using current modulator or / other form of wireless communication; wherein a regulator in the base unit and/or the mobile or electronic device and/or battery, case, battery cover, shell, or skin covering the mobile or electronic device or battery, determines operating characteristics of the device and/or battery, including one or more of charging capacity, present charge, voltage level and/or temperature, senses one or more of the current drawn from the receiver or output current provided to the device and/or battery, and regulates the current and/or voltage to be within the range of one of either a predefined value or an appropriate power parameter of the mobile electronic device and/or battery as sensed by the regulator; and; wherein, when the mobile or electronic device and/or battery, case, battery cover, shell, or skin is positioned in proximity to the base unit, so that the receiver coil is generally aligned upon the one or more primary coils in the base unit , the mobile or electronic device and/or battery, case, battery cover, shell, or skin and the base unit operate with one another prior to and during charging to determine and then activate the one or more primary coils which is most appropriately aligned with the receiver coil, receive at the receiver inductive energy from the base unit, power the microcontroller unit or identification component to identify and/or authenticate the receiver, and continue to operate with one another prior to and during charging, to verify the continued presence of the receiver near the base unit, and/or wirelessly exchange additional information to provide optimum power transfer to the receiver. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein one or more of the coils are manufactured by one of printed circuit boards or by etching or stamping or forming copper or other material and are manufactured to have a low resistance. 5. The system of claim 3, wherein the base unit includes multiple primary coils that can be used to simultaneously charge multiple mobile devices and/or batteries, including mobile devices and/or batteries with different power or voltage requirements. 6. The system of claim 3, wherein the alternating switching is periodically started and stopped to automatically detect a presence of a mobile or electronic device, and/or battery, case, battery cover, shell, or skin placed close to or aligned with the one or more primary coils of the base unit. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the presence of the mobile or electronic device, and/or battery case, battery cover, shell, skin placed close to or aligned with the one or more primary coils of the base unit is detected by monitoring the current passing through the one or more primary coils or the switching means. 8. The system of claim 5, wherein the base unit is in the shape generally of a pad and wherein the multiple primary coils are distributed within layers of the pad. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the multiple primary coils can move within their plane to more closely align with the receiver coil of the mobile or electronic device and/or battery, case, battery cover, shell, or skin. 10. The system of claim 3, wherein the mobile or electronic device, and/or battery, battery cover, shell, or skin covering the mobile or electronic device or battery includes one or more first magnets, and wherein the one or more primary coils or base unit includes one or more second magnets, and wherein when the mobile or electronic device is placed on the base unit, the first and second magnets exert an attractive force upon one another to cause the receiver coil to become more aligned with the one or more primary coils in the base unit. 11. The system of claim 3, further comprising a second battery, fuel cell, or other power source coupled to and powering the base unit, and wherein the second battery, fuel cell, or other power source can be occasionally charged or refilled by an external power supply or source to maintain sufficient energy to power the base unit for a period of time. 12. The system of claim 11, further comprising a solar cell or hand crank or other mechanical means coupled to the battery or other power source for charging the second battery or other power source in the base unit. 13. The system of claim 3, further comprising a data storage component for storage of data, for subsequent transmission of data to or from the mobile electronic device, and wherein the data is user data other than data information used for charging the or electronic mobile device and/or battery. 14. The system of claim 3, wherein the cover surface of the base unit or pad includes a fixed or interchangeable decorative or non-slip surface. 15. The system of claim 3, wherein the base unit can be integrated into any of briefcases, bags, carriers, or clothing, built-in to another mobile device or powered by another mobile device, a dc outlet in a vehicle, or an item of furniture. 16. The system of claim 3, wherein the base unit is integrated into a charging kiosk for occasional charging of mobile devices. 17. The system of claim 3, wherein the one or more of the primary coils are stacked so that their centers are aligned with one another, to improve transfer efficiency. 18. The system of claim 3, further comprising a plurality of coils or wires, wherein the charger or power supply senses the location of the mobile or electronic device, and/or battery, case, battery cover, shell, or skin and activates a coil or wire near the mobile or electronic device and/or battery to charge or provide power the mobile or electronic device and/or battery. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the charger or power supply senses the location of the mobile or electronic device, and/or battery, case, battery cover, shell, skin by sensing a change in a resonant circuit in the charger or power supply when the mobile or electronic device, case, battery cover, shell, skin and/or battery is nearby. 20. The system of claim 3, wherein a receiver for the inductive power is shaped into a curve to fit the case, battery cover, shell, skin and/or battery, an application or a device. 21. The system of claim 3, wherein the charger or power supply is made in the shape of a cup, bowl, or other container and mobile or electronic devices and/or batteries placed inside are charged or powered inductively. 22. The system of claim 3, wherein a plurality of modular chargers or power supplies can be interconnected to form a single unit and/or folded to save space. 23. The system of claim 3, wherein the mobile or electronic device is one of a lamp, medical device, kitchen appliance, power tool, office equipment or dish, or a toy that can receive power inductively from the charger or power supply. 24. The system of claim 3, wherein the mobile or electronic device is a charger for inductively charging active RFID batteries, including an active RFID tag which includes a battery such that the battery can be charged inductively with the system. 25. The system of claim 3, wherein the mobile or electronic device or battery to be charged or powered includes a charging circuit having a shunt regulator such as a Zener diode, wherein the shunt regulator clamps the voltage to the mobile or electronic device or battery to a predetermined maximum voltage. 26. The system of claim 3, wherein the switch means and the circuit includes one or more of a mosfet and/or a capacitor. 27. The system of claim 3, wherein the receiver coil or coils are incorporated into or on an after-market or field-replaceable battery pack for use with the mobile or electronic device. 28. The system of claim 3, wherein one or both of the one or more primary coils and the receiver coils or wires are of at least two different sizes or shapes. 29. The system of claim 3, wherein two or more of the one or more primary coils or wires are activated at the same time to charge or power the mobile or electronic device and/or battery. 30. The system of claim 3, wherein the base unit includes a first set of coils or wires for inductively charging or supplying power to the mobile or electronic device and/or battery, and a separate antenna or second set of coils or wires for data transfer or verification or communication for regulation of power or voltage. 31. The system of claim 30, wherein the coils or wires also function as an antenna for data transfer. 32. The system of claim 13, wherein the data transfer includes information about the presence of the mobile or electronic device and/or battery, case, battery cover, shell, skin and/or battery adjacent to the charger or power supply. 33. The system of claim 3, wherein the base unit stores charging or power requirements for mobile devices and/or batteries which can be charged or powered by the charger or power supply. 34. A system for use with a battery, battery-powered, electronic, or mobile device for charging or powering the battery, battery-powered, electronic or mobile device inductively, comprising: a base unit including one or more primary coils therein, wherein each of the one or more primary coils has a generally planar or curved shape and wherein each of the one or more primary coils is capable of being selectively switched or activated, by a switch in the base unit associated with that coil, so that, when an electrical current is passed through the one or more primary coils a magnetic field is generated in a direction substantially perpendicular to the surface of the base unit and the one or more primary coils; one or more mobile, electronic, or other device and/or a battery, battery door, or skin for use with the device, which are capable of being inductively powered or charged, each comprising a receiver for one of inductively powering or charging the device and/or battery, wherein the receiver includes a receiver coil having a generally planar or curved face, so that when the receiver coil is generally aligned upon the one or more primary coils in the base unit also having a generally planar or curved face, so that the planes of their faces are generally parallel, and when a magnetic field is applied in a direction substantially perpendicular to the face of the receiver coil using induction from the one or more primary coils in the base unit, an electrical current is generated within the receiver coil and is used to power or charge the device and/or battery, a regulator that determines operating characteristics of the device and/or battery, including one or more of charging capacity, present charge, voltage level and/or temperature, senses one or more of the current drawn from the receiver coil, or output voltage or output current provided to the device and/or battery, and regulates the current and/or voltage to be within the range of one of either a predefined value or an appropriate power parameter of the mobile or electronic device and/or battery as sensed by the regulator, and a microcontroller unit or identification component located within the mobile, electronic, or other device and/or battery, battery door, or skin, wherein the microcontroller unit or identification component is configured to provide wireless identification and/or authentication of the receiver to the base unit, using current modulation or other form of wireless communication; and wherein, when the mobile, electronic, or other device and/or battery, battery door, or skin is positioned in proximity to the base unit, so that the receiver coil is generally aligned upon the one or more primary coils in the base unit, the mobile, electronic, or other device and/or battery, battery door, or skin and the base unit operate with one another prior to and during charging to determine and then activate the one or more primary coils which is most appropriately aligned with the receiver coil, receive at the receiver inductive energy from the base unit, power the microcontroller unit or identification component to identify and/or authenticate the receiver, and continue to operate with one another prior to and during charging, to verify the continued presence of the receiver near the base unit, and/or wirelessly exchange additional information to provide optimum power transfer to the receiver. 35. The system of claim 34, wherein the mobile, electronic, or other device, and/or battery, battery door, or skin includes one or more first magnets, and wherein the one or primary coils or base unit includes one or more second magnets, and wherein when the device, battery, door, or skin is placed on the base unit, the first and second magnets exert an attractive force upon one another to cause the receiver coil to become more aligned with the one or more primary coils in the base unit. 36. The system of claim 34, wherein the base unit includes a plurality of primary coils therein, and wherein each particular one of the plurality of primary coils therein includes a switch associated therewith that allows that particular primary coil to be switched on or off independently from the others of the plurality of primary coils, when the mobile, electronic or other device and/or battery, battery door, or skin covering the device that includes the receiver coil is placed close to or in contact with that particular primary coil. 37. The system of claim 34, wherein the receiver circuit uses a capacitor to regulate the output voltage or output current to the device and/or battery. 38. The system of claim 3, further comprising a ferrite and/or metal layer to reduce electromagnetic radiation from the primary and/or receiver coils or circuits. 39. The system of claim 3, wherein the mobile or electronic device and/or battery and/or shell and/or skin and/or the base unit further comprise a display screen or audio or visual method such as an LED and wherein the mobile or electronic device and/or battery and the base unit sense each other's presence and indicate the presence upon the display screen or through an audio signal or visual method such as the LED. 40. The system of claim 3, wherein the base unit and/or the receiver further comprises a temperature sensor that determines the operating temperature of the base unit and/or the receiver, and controls the output of the one or more primary coils accordingly. 41. The system of claim 3, wherein the surface of the base unit is flat, and wherein each of the one or more primary coils are formed in a flat shape. 42. The system of claim 3, wherein the surface of the base unit is curved or bowl shaped and wherein each of the one or more primary coils are formed in a curved or bowl shape. 43. The mobile, electronic, or other device and/or battery, battery door, or skin of claim 1, wherein the mobile, electronic, or other device has an original battery cover, and wherein the mobile, electronic or other device can be enabled to be charged or receive power wirelessly by interchanging the original battery cover with the replacement battery cover. 44. The mobile, electronic, or other device and/or battery, battery door, or skin of claim 1, wherein the mobile, electronic, or other device has a battery cover, and wherein all or part of the receiver including the receiver coil are included either in or on the battery cover, and wherein at least a portion of the receiver circuitry is located inside the mobile, electronic, or other device or the battery and is electrically connected to the battery cover. 45. The system of claim 34, wherein the electrical or mobile electronic device has an original battery cover, and wherein all or part of the receiver including the receiver coil are included in or on a replacement battery cover, and wherein the mobile or electrical electronic device can be enabled to be charged or receive power wirelessly by interchanging the original battery cover with the replacement battery cover. 46. The system of claim 34, wherein the electrical or mobile electronic device has a battery cover, and wherein all or part of the receiver including the receiver coil are included either in or on the battery cover, and wherein at least a portion of the receiver circuitry is located inside the mobile device or the battery and is electrically connected to the battery cover. 47. The system of claim 34, wherein the regulator is located in the base unit. 48. The system of claim 34, wherein the regulator is located in the receiver. 49. The mobile, electronic, or other device and/or battery, battery door, or skin of claim 1, wherein the base unit comprises a switch that is switched at an appropriate frequency to generate a voltage across the one or more primary coils, which in turn generates a voltage in the receiver coil, and wherein he switch frequency of the one or more primary coils can be modified to create a corresponding change in the voltage to the mobile, electronic or other device. 50. The system of claim 3, wherein the base unit comprises a switch that is switched at an appropriate frequency to generate a voltage across the one or more primary coils, which in turn generates a voltage in the receiver coil, and wherein the switching frequency of the primary coils can be modified to create a corresponding change in the voltage to the mobile device. 51. The system of claim 34, wherein the base unit comprises a switch that is switched at an appropriate frequency to generate a voltage across the one or more primary coils, which in turn generates a voltage in the receiver coil, and wherein the switching frequency of the one or more primary coils can be modified to create a corresponding change in the voltage to the mobile device. 52. The mobile electronic, or other device and/or battery, battery door, or skin of claim 1, wherein the wireless identification is performed by the microcontroller unit or identification component modulating the current in the receiver in a preprogrammed manner upon startup, which is identified by the base unit through sensing of a voltage or current modulation in the primary. 53. The mobile electronic, or other device and/or battery, battery door or skin of claim 1, wherein the wireless identification is performed by the microcontroller unit or identification component initiating a wireless RF, optical, or other communication, which is identified by the primary. 54. The mobile electronic, or other device and/or battery, battery door, or skin of claim 1, wherein the presence of the receiver is first provided by the base unit detecting a magnet in the receiver, and the identity of the receiver is then provided as indicated by the microcontroller unit or identification component. 55. The system of claim 3, wherein the wireless identification is caused by the microcontroller unit or identification component modulating the current in the receiver in a preprogrammed manner upon startup, which is identified by the base unit through sensing of a voltage or current modulation in the primary. 56. The system of claim 3, wherein the wireless identification is caused by the microcontroller unit or identification component initiating a wireless RF, optical, or other communication, which is identified by the primary. 57. The system of claim 3, wherein the presence of the receiver is first provided by the base unit detecting a magnet in the receiver, and the identity of the receiver is then provided as indicated by the microcontroller unit or identification component. 