A solar power ornamental device that features spinning, expandable decorative element displays a constantly changing array of colors when light is reflected from the rotating decorative element. The ornamental display includes: (a) a mounting assembly that includes a base that is rotatable about an axis; (b) means for rotating the rotatable base; and (c) an expandable decorative element that is secured to the rotatable base whereby the expandable decorative element is radially expandable when subjected to centrifugal forces that develop when the rotatable base is rotated.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An ornamental display that comprises: (a) a mounting assembly that includes a stationary, non-rotating housing and a base that is rotatable about an axis; (b) an electric motor operatively coupled to the base to impart rotation thereto; and (c) an expandable decorative element, which comprises a plurality of elongated strips of flexible material, with each elongated strip haying an interior surface and exterior surface, and that is secured to the rotatable base whereby the expandable decorative element is radially expandable when subjected to centrifugal forces that develop when the rotatable base is rotated and characterized in that the elongated strips of flexible material attain a generally spherical shape when the speed that the rotatable base is rotated reaches a certain level, the interior surface of each of the strips being substantially non-observable exteriorly of the decorative element while in a non-expanded state and observable exteriorly of the decorative element when the generally spherical shape is attained. 2. The ornamental display of claim 1 further comprising at least one photovoltaic cell that is operatively connected to the electric motor. 3. The ornamental display of claim 1 further comprising one or more light sources that illuminate the expandable decorative element. 4. The ornamental display of claim 1 wherein the elongated strips of flexible material are suspended from the rotatable base. 5. The ornamental display of claim 1 comprising a proximal attachment plate that is secured to the rotatable base and to which first ends of the plurality of elongated strips are attached and a distal lower member to which second ends of the plurality of elongated strips are attached. 6. The ornamental display of claim 5 wherein the proximal attachment plate is magnetically coupled to the rotatable base. 7. The ornamental display of claim 5 wherein the elongated strips of material comprise ribbons that are made of material that is selected from the group consisting of cloth, paper, plastic and combinations thereof. 8. The ornamental display of claim 5 wherein at least one of the elongated strips contains reflective materials. 9. The ornamental display of claim 5 wherein at least one of the elongated strips contains reflective materials on both interior and exterior surfaces. 10. The ornamental display of claim 5 wherein the elongated strips are spaced apart horizontally from each other. 11. The ornamental display of claim 5 wherein the proximal attachment plate and distal member are spaced apart vertically from each other but the ornamental display does not restrict the movement of the distal member. 12. The ornamental display of claim 1 wherein the expandable decorative element expands and contracts radially as the speed that the rotatable base is rotated changes. 13. The ornamental display of claim 1 wherein the plurality of elongated strips of flexible material have different length elongated strips. 14. The ornamental display of claim 1 wherein the expandable decorative element consists essentially of a plurality of elongated strips of flexible material. 15. A solar powered ornamental display that reflects sunlight to generate continuously changing light patterns that comprises: (a) a mounting assembly, which is configured to be hung, that includes a stationary, non-rotating housing and a base that is rotatable about a central axis; (b) an expandable decorative element that comprises a plurality of elongated flexible strips having first ends that are secured to the rotatable base and second ends that are secured, wherein each elongated flexible strip has an interior surface and an exterior surface; and (c) an electric motor, that is driven by electricity generated by one or more photovoltaic cells, which is operatively connected to the rotatable base such that operation of the electric motor causes the rotatable base to rotate at a speed sufficient to cause the expandable decorative element to expand in the radial direction when subjected to a centrifugal force that develops when the rotatable base is rotated about the central axis characterized in that when the decorative element expands both the interior and exterior surfaces of each elongated flexible strip interact with the sunlight to impart a constantly changing display of colors with the interior surface of each of the strips being substantially non-observable exteriorly of the decorative element while in a non-expanded state and observable exteriorly of the decorative element when a generally spherical state is attained. 16. The solar powered ornamental display of claim 15 wherein the elongated flexible strips are spaced apart horizontally from each other. 17. The solar powered ornamental display of claim 15 comprising an attachment plate to which the first ends are secured and a lower member to which second ends are secured and wherein the attachment plate and lower member are spaced apart vertically from each other with the proviso that the ornamental display does not restrict the movement of the lower member. 18. The solar powered ornamental display of claim 17 wherein the attachment plate is magnetically coupled to the rotatable base. 19. The solar powered ornamental display of claim 17 wherein the elongated flexible strips comprise ribbons that are made of material that is selected from the group consisting of cloth, paper, plastic and combinations thereof. 20. The solar powered ornamental display of claim 17 wherein at least one of the elongated strips contains reflective materials. 21. The solar powered ornamental display of claim 17 wherein at least one of the elongated strips contains reflective materials on both interior and exterior surfaces. 22. The solar powered ornamental display of claim 15 wherein the expandable decorative element consists essentially of a plurality of elongated strips of flexible material. 23. An ornamental display kit that comprises: (a) a mounting assembly that includes a stationary, non-rotating housing and a base that is rotatable about an axis: (b) means for rotating the rotatable base that comprises an electric motor and a source of electric energy comprising one or more photoelectric cells or one or more batteries; and (c) a plurality of expandable decorative elements each of which comprises a plurality of elongated strips of flexible material with each elongated strip haying first ends that are secured to a proximal attachment plate and second ends that are secured to a distal member and wherein each elongated strip has an interior surface and exterior surface, whereby when an expandable decorative element is attached to the rotatable base the plurality of elongated strips is suspended from the proximal attachment plate wherein the proximal attachment plate and distal member are spaced apart vertically from each other with the proviso that the ornamental display does not restrict the movement of the distal member which is held solely by the elongated strips and with the proviso that when centrifugal forces develop when the rotatable base is rotated the expandable decorative element expands radially to attain a spherical shaped contour thereby exposing both the interior and exterior surfaces of each elongated strip whereby reflective materials on the flexible material reflects light to create a continuously changing display of color patterns with the interior surface of each of the strips being substantially non-observable exteriorly of the decorative element while in a non-expanded state and observable exteriorly of the decorative element when a generally spherical state is attained. 24. The ornamental display kit of claim 23 wherein the elongated strips of flexible material comprise ribbons that are made of material that is selected from the group consisting of cloth, paper, plastic and combinations thereof. 25. The ornamental display kit of claim 23 wherein the plurality of elongated strips of flexible material have different length elongated strips. 26. The ornamental display kit of claim 23 further comprising one or more light sources that illuminate an expandable decorative element. 27. The ornamental display kit of claim 26 wherein the proximal attachment plate is magnetic and is detachable from the rotatable base. 28. The ornamental display kit of claim 23 wherein each of the expandable decorative elements consists essentially of a plurality of elongated strips of flexible material. 