One embodiment of the present invention sets forth a computer-implemented method for tuning laser scribe parameters during the fabrication of a solar module. The method includes analyzing the visual appearance of a laser scribe to extract various morphological parameters related to the quality of a laser scribe process used to produce the scribe. Based on the morphological parameters, the laser scribe parameters may be modified in-situ to achieve settings that are optimal for performing laser scribing in each layer of the solar module. As a result, laser scribe process cycle time may be minimized while providing better indication of the laser scribe process stability and quality relative to the prior art approaches.
Claims We claim: 1. A method of scribing a substrate comprising: performing a first scribe on a first layer formed on a substrate using a first set of scribe parameters; analyzing at least a portion of the first scribe to determine one or more morphological parameters, wherein the one or more morphological parameters is dependent on the first set of scribe parameters, and the one or more morphological parameters is selected from the group consisting of major axis, minor axis, eccentricity, fuzziness, effectiveness, overlap area, and color uniformity; based on the one or more determined morphological parameters, modifying the first set of scribe parameters to obtain a second set of scribe parameters; and performing a second scribe on the first layer using the second set of scribe parameters. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the first set and second set of scribe parameters are selected from the group consisting of laser power and scan speed. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein analyzing at least a portion of the first scribe comprises receiving an image of the portion of the first scribe and then performing an analysis of the image to determine the one or more morphological parameters. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the image is received from a digital imaging device. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the first set and second set of scribe parameters comprise at least one of a laser frequency, a laser output current, or a scan speed. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the first set of scribe parameters is selected based on at least one characteristic of the first layer. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the at least one characteristic of the first layer comprises substrate type, layer thickness, layer doping, layer reflectivity, or stack information. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the first set of scribe parameters is based on laser beam power distribution. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein performing an analysis includes using an optical inspection device and a controller. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the optical inspection device is adapted to monitor color variation in the image. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the steps of performing the first scribe, analyzing at least a portion of the first scribe, modifying the first set of scribe parameters to obtain a second set of scribe parameters, and performing a second scribe are performed without taking the substrate out of a process chamber. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the steps of performing the first scribe, analyzing at least a portion of the first scribe, modifying the first set of scribe parameters to obtain a second set of scribe parameters, and performing a second scribe are all automated. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein analyzing at least a portion of the first scribe is performed at the beginning of the step of performing the first scribe. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the steps of performing the first scribe, analyzing at least a portion of the first scribe, modifying the first set of scribe parameters to obtain a second set of scribe parameters, and performing a second scribe are performed a plurality of times during the process of scribing all desired areas of the first layer formed on the substrate. 15. The method of claim 1, further comprising: analyzing at least a portion of the second scribe to determine a second set of one or more morphological parameters, wherein the second set of one or more morphological parameters is dependent on the second set of scribe parameters; based on the second set of one or more determined morphological parameters, modifying the second set of scribe parameters to obtain a third set of scribe parameters; and performing a third scribe on the first layer using the third set of scribe parameters. 16. A method of patterning one or more solar cell devices, comprising: placing a first substrate having a first layer disposed thereon into a process chamber; forming a first region in the first layer by removing a portion of the first layer using a scribing device, wherein at least one scribing device parameter is used to control the process of removing the portion of the first layer; forming an image of at least a portion of the first region; analyzing the image using a controller to define one attribute of the portion of the first region, wherein the controller is in communication with the scribing device and an optical inspection device adapted to monitor color variation in the image; and adjusting the at least one scribing device parameter using information received from analyzing the image. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising removing a second region of the first layer on the first substrate, or a third region of a first layer formed on a second substrate, using at least one adjusted scribing device parameter. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein the image is formed using a digital imaging device. 19. A computer-readable storage medium for storing a computer program which, when executed by a processor, performs operations for in-situ tuning of a scribe process performed on a substrate placed in a process chamber and having a first layer disposed thereon, the operations comprising: instructing a scribe module to perform a first scribe on the first layer using a first set of scribe parameters; analyzing at least a portion of the first scribe to determine one or more morphological parameters, wherein the one or more morphological parameters is dependent on the first set of scribe parameters, and the one or more morphological parameters is selected from the group consisting of major axis, minor axis, eccentricity, fuzziness, effectiveness, overlap area, and color uniformity; based on the one or more determined morphological parameters, modifying the first set of scribe parameters to obtain a second set of scribe parameters; and instructing the scribe module to perform a second scribe on the first layer using the second set of scribe parameters. 20. The computer-readable storage medium of claim 19, wherein the first and second set of scribe parameters comprise at least one of a laser frequency, a laser output current, or a scan speed. 21. The computer-readable storage medium of claim 19, wherein the first set of scribe parameters is selected based on at least one characteristic of the first layer, and the at least one characteristic of the first layer comprises substrate type, layer thickness, layer doping, layer reflectivity, or stack information. 22. A system for forming a pattern on a solar cell device, comprising: a scribing device that is adapted to remove material from a first region of a surface of a first substrate; an optical inspection device positioned to view the first region; an automation device used to control the position of the first substrate relative to the scribing device; and a controller that is in communication with the scribing device and the optical inspection device, wherein the controller is adapted to adjust the amount of material removed from a second region of the surface of the first substrate, or a second region from a surface of a second substrate, based on an image of the first region received from the optical inspection device adapted to monitor color variation in the image. 23. The system of claim 22, wherein the scribing device is a laser scribe. 24. The system of claim 22, wherein the controller is configured to adjust time or shape distribution of energy delivered to the surface of the first substrate from an energy source. 