In one aspect of the present invention, a solar energy collection system that includes multiple longitudinally adjacent collectors is described. The collectors are coupled end to end to form a collector row. The collector row extends along a longitudinal axis and is arranged to rotate about a pivot axis to track the sun in at least one dimension. Each collector includes a reflector, one or more solar receivers and a support structure. The support structure includes a tube assembly that underlies the reflector. The tube assemblies of the collector row are arranged end to end along the longitudinal axis. There is a space between the tube assemblies of adjacent collectors in the collector row, where the reflectors of the adjacent collectors extend beyond the underlying tube assemblies to form a substantially continuous reflective surface over the space. A coupling device is positioned in the space between the tube assemblies. The coupling device connects and helps to rotate the tube assemblies of the adjacent collectors. Some embodiments relate to various types of coupling devices and collector arrangements.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy collection system that includes a collector row that extends along a longitudinal axis and tracks the sun in at least one dimension by rotating about a pivot axis, the solar energy collection system comprising: a plurality of longitudinally adjacent collectors that are coupled end to end along the longitudinal axis to form the collector row, the collector row including at least adjacent first and second collectors, each collector comprising: a reflector; at least one solar receiver, each solar receiver including at least one photovoltaic cell; and a support structure that supports the at least one receiver and the reflector; and a drive coupling device that connects the adjacent first and second collectors, the drive coupling device including a motor and being arranged to apply rotational torque to help rotate the reflectors of the adjacent first and second collectors, wherein substantially the entire motor is configured to rotate substantially in tandem with the reflectors of the first and second collectors. 2. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1, wherein: the plurality of longitudinally adjacent collectors includes a first collector and a second collector that are arranged adjacent to one another; and the drive coupling device further includes a slew drive that is coupled with and driven by the motor, the slew drive arranged to apply rotational torque to the support structures of the adjacent first and second collectors. 3. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 2, wherein the slew drive includes a stationary portion and a rotatable portion, the rotatable portion being coupled to and arranged to rotate the support structures of the adjacent first and second collectors. 4. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 3, further comprising a mounting post that supports the drive coupling device, the mounting post including a bottom end and a top end, wherein the bottom end of the mounting post is mounted on the ground and the top end of the mounting post is attached with the stationary portion of the slew drive. 5. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 2, further comprising a planetary drive that is coupled with the motor and the slew drive, the planetary drive arranged to reduce the rotational speed of the motor to a speed appropriate for driving the collector row. 6. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 2, wherein the plurality of collectors further includes a third collector, the solar energy collection system further comprising: a non-drive coupling device that couples the support structure of the third collector with the support structure of the first collector to extend the collector row in the longitudinal direction, the non-drive coupling device arranged to transfer rotational torque from the rotation of the support structure of the first collector to the support structure of the third collector. 7. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 6, wherein the non-drive coupling device includes a transfer arm that helps connect the support structures of the first and third collectors, the transfer arm including one or more flexible portions that allow the transfer arm to move in the longitudinal direction to help compensate for differential thermal expansion along the length of the collector row. 8. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1, wherein the drive coupling device includes at least one alignment feature that is arranged to help hold together the drive coupling device and the support structures of the first and second adjacent collectors without use of welding. 9. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 8, wherein each alignment feature includes an alignment hole and a precision dowel that is arranged to fit through the alignment hole to help secure portions of the drive coupling device to portions of the adjacent first and second collectors. 10. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1, wherein: no part of the support structure of each collector extends longitudinally beyond the reflector of the collector; and neither the support structure nor the at least one solar receiver of each collector are positioned in front of an optical aperture of the reflector. 11. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1, wherein the drive coupling device includes a rotatable portion that is directly attached to, supports and carries the motor, thereby causing the motor to rotate together with the rotatable portion. 12. A solar energy collection system that includes a collector row that extends along a longitudinal axis and tracks the sun in at least one dimension by rotating about a pivot axis, the solar energy collection system comprising: a plurality of longitudinally adjacent collectors including first, second and third collectors that are coupled end to end along the longitudinal axis to form a collector row, each collector comprising: a reflector; at least one receiver, each solar receiver including at least one photovoltaic cell; and a support structure that supports the at least one receiver and the reflector, there being a space between the support structures of adjacent collectors in the collector row, wherein the reflectors of the adjacent collectors extend beyond the underlying support structures to form a substantially continuous reflective surface over the space such that a gap between the reflectors of the adjacent collectors is less than approximately 10 millimeters; a drive coupling device that is positioned between the support structures of the adjacent first and second collectors, the drive coupling device including a motor and a slew drive that is coupled with and driven by the motor, the slew drive being attached with and arranged to rotate the support structures and reflectors of the first and second collectors, wherein the motor is supported and carried by the slew drive such that the motor is configured to rotate substantially in tandem with the support structures of the first and second collectors; and a non-drive coupling device that couples the support structure of the third collector with the support structure of the first collector to extend the collector row in the longitudinal direction, wherein the non-drive coupling device is arranged to transfer rotational torque from the rotation of the support structure of the first collector to the support structure of the third collector. 13. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 12, wherein: the solar receivers of the adjacent collectors are arranged along the longitudinal axis to form a solar receiver row; and the substantially continuous reflective surface formed by the reflectors of the adjacent collectors is arranged to reflect light towards the photovoltaic cell string to help form a substantially continuous flux line that extends along the photovoltaic cells of the entire solar receiver row. 14. A solar energy collection system as recited in claim 12, wherein the drive coupling device includes at least one alignment feature that is arranged to help hold together the drive coupling device and the support structures of the first and second adjacent collectors without use of welding. 