A solar powered rechargeable street light, which can be networked to a system. The modular and tamper resistant street light and system can be used with individual street lights or a network of street lights. The system can be powered from a central controller, which can detect tampering by individuals or harsh weather conditions.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered rechargeable street light comprising: a. a housing comprising: i. a bottom with a bottom hole, a sloping top, a first trapezoidal shaped side, a second trapezoidal shaped side, a rectangular shaped back, and a rectangular shaped front, wherein each side, front and back is connected between the bottom and the sloping top, wherein the rectangular shaped front has a front opening and wherein the housing forms a chamber; and ii. a projecting flange extending from the rectangular shaped front; iii. at least one battery in the chamber; iv. a door hingedly connected to the rectangular shaped front, wherein the door has a reinforcing flange and a locking means; v. a removable restraining bar disposed between the rectangular shaped front, the first trapezoidal shaped side and second trapezoidal shaped side for holding the at least one battery securely to the rectangular shaped back; and vi. a solar controller secured to the removable restraining bar and connected to the at least one battery; b. a solar mounting plate secured to the sloping top; c. at least one solar panel comprising at least one photovoltaic cell secured to the solar mounting plate and connected to the solar controller; d. a pole mounting plate for connecting to the housing having a port for connecting to the housing; e. a hollow pole connected over the port of the pole mounting plate, wherein the hollow pole comprises: i. a pole body secured to the pole mounting plate; ii. a pole footer secured to the pole body for engaging at least four anchor bolts disposed in a footing for supporting the hollow pole without tipping over; iii. at least one pole hole in the pole body below the pole mounting plate; and iv. at least one hollow arm removably connected to the hollow pole engaging with the pole hole; f. at least one light fixture secured to at least one hollow arm, wherein wiring from the at last one light fixture passes through at least one hollow arm and through at least one pole hole and into the pole body for connecting to the solar controller of the housing. 2. The solar powered rechargeable street light of claim 1, further comprising insulation disposed in the chamber between the at least one battery and the sides of the housing. 3. The solar powered rechargeable street light of claim 1, wherein at least one of the hollow arms is welded to the hollow pole. 4. The solar powered rechargeable street light of claim 1, wherein the sloping top has a top opening. 5. The solar powered rechargeable street light of claim 1, further comprising at least one power interface in the hollow pole connected to the solar controller for powering at least one client device. 6. The solar powered rechargeable street light of claim 1, further comprising a charge gauge for monitoring charge of the at least one battery and the processor connected to a data storage for communicating charge gauge information with a network. 7. The solar powered rechargeable street light of claim 6, further comprising a web based controller connected to the network for communicating with at least one client device on the status of each of the street lights. 8. The solar powered rechargeable street light of claim 7, further comprising a sensor secured to the housing for indicating if the street light is under attack, and wherein the sensor communicates with the processor. 9. The solar powered rechargeable street light of claim 8, further comprising computer instructions in the data storage for providing an alarm to the web server when the sensor indicates that the housing or another portion of the street light is under attack. 10. The solar powered rechargeable street light of claim 9, further comprising computer instructions in the data storage enabling a client device to review an executive dashboard to monitor multiple street light status. 11. The solar powered rechargeable street light of claim 1, further comprising a battery balancing circuit allowing at least two batteries in the chamber to maintain a charge for a long time regardless of being in a charging mode, a load supplying mode, or a quiescent mode. 12. The solar powered rechargeable street light of claim 1, further comprising a power interface disposed in the hollow pole and connected to the solar controller for supplying power to a client device proximate to the base of the hollow pole. 13. The solar powered rechargeable street light of claim 1, wherein the hollow pole comprises a plurality of interlocking telescoping modular sections allowing the hollow pole to have a plurality of nested modular sections or a single hollow pole when the sections are telescoped out. 14. The solar powered rechargeable street light of claim 1, wherein the housing further comprises a message area for presenting text or symbols to a viewer. 15. The solar powered rechargeable street light of claim 14, wherein the message area is predominately a color or a combination of colors. 16. The solar powered rechargeable street light of claim 1, further comprising a first banner holder is mounted on the hollow pole in a spaced apart relationship to a second banner holder for providing emergency instructional banners or banners with color or directions or other text while affixed to the street light. 