A lead frame thermoplastic package for a solar cell, and a method of manufacturing the same. The lead frame being either a single-lead frame design or a dual-lead frame design. The single-lead frame design being made up of a single-lead metal frame. The dual-lead frame design being made up of a die pad lead frame, a wire bond lead frame, and being encapsulated in a thermoplastic resin. Optionally, the single lead frame or at least one of the dual-lead frames is coated with a dielectric material. The lead frame providing connections for a semiconductor die, a diode, and the associated electrical connections. The lead frame also providing a large surface area metal pad for cooling, and mounting tabs for securing various optics systems to the package. Optionally, the lead frame is incorporated into a solar cell including the lead frame, a semiconductor die, a diode, an optics system, and an integrated electrical connection system.
Claims We claim: 1. A dual-lead frame mounting package for an optical semiconductor die, the dual lead frame mounting package having a top surface and a bottom surface, the dual lead frame mounting package comprising: a die-pad lead frame having a bonding area for the optical semiconductor die, the die-pad lead frame having an exposed base along the bottom surface for heat dissipation; a wire bond lead frame having at least one pad for wire bonding electrical interconnections to the optical semiconductor die; an electrically insulative frame disposed in aligned relation between the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame; and a thermoplastic molding at least partially encapsulating the die-pad lead frame, the insulative frame and the wire bond lead frame, wherein at least one of the die pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame includes at least one mounting structure for mounting an optical structure above the top surface of the dual lead frame mounting package, and wherein the thermoplastic molding, the wire bond lead frame and the insulative frame each define an opening above the bonding area so as to form a recess that extends from the top surface to the bonding area. 2. The dual-lead frame mounting of claim 1, wherein the electrically insulative frame is a plastic frame disposed between the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame so as to provide electrical isolation between the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame. 3. The dual-lead frame mounting of claim 1, wherein at least one of the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame is coated with a dielectric material. 4. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 3, wherein the dielectric coating includes at least one of a tape based coating, a powder based coating, and an ink based coating. 5. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 1, wherein the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame are coupled via the thermoplastic molding. 6. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 1, wherein the at least one mounting structure includes a recess, a well, or at least one mounting tab extending from the die pad lead frame or the wire bond lead frame. 7. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 1, wherein the optical structure includes at least one of a lens, a Fresnel lens, a reflector. 8. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 1, wherein at least one of the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame includes a detachable carrier strip. 9. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 1, wherein at least one of the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame is plated with a metal. 10. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 1, wherein the exposed base for heat dissipation is configured to be mounted to an external heat dissipation system. 11. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 1 further including: an optical semiconductor die mounted to the bonding area of the die-pad lead frame, wherein the optical semiconductor die is a solar cell or a light emitting diode. 12. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 11 wherein the optical semiconductor die is a concentrated photovoltaic solar cell. 13. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 12 wherein the die-pad lead frame or the wire bond lead frame includes at least one component pad for electrical connection of an electrical component. 14. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 13 wherein the electrical component is a diode. 15. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 11 wherein the at least one mounting structure includes a recess, a well, or mounting tabs formed within the mounting package. 16. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 11 further including the optical structure, wherein the optical structure includes a lens, a Fresnel lens or a reflector mounted to the dual-lead mounting package via the mounting structure and extending above the top surface of the dual-lead frame mounting package. 17. A dual-lead frame mounting package for an optical semiconductor die, comprising: a die-pad lead frame having a die-pad bonding area configured to receive the semiconductor die and an exposed base for heat dissipation; a wire bond lead frame having at least one pad for wire bonding electrical interconnections to the semiconductor die, the wire bond lead frame being coupled to the die-pad lead frame, each of the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame having a detachable carrier strip formed as a single piece with the respective lead frame; an electrically insulative frame disposed between and in aligned relation with the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead; and a thermoplastic molding at least partially encapsulating the die-pad lead frame, the insulative frame and the wire bond lead frame, wherein at least one of the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame includes at least one mounting structure for mounting an optical structure above the top surface of the dual lead frame mounting package and wherein, the thermoplastic molding, the wire bond lead frame and the insulative frame each define an opening above the bonding area so as to form a recess that extends from the top surface to the bonding area. 