FCHTMC engine defines a new device, not any makeover. Some instances of conflict, which may arise in general claims for the Stirling or all other engines, are, therefore, of no consequences. This engine improves over the power, efficiency, size, weight, complicity, and versatility of the Stirling and other engines--all known to this date. This application makes the use of the specific refrigerant, Duracool.TM., for propulsion, not cooling, and the use of the specific ceramic Z500. Multiple horizontal layers describe the engine inner configuration within these layers, defining the space for internal components, providing a simplicity of assembly/dis-assembly and the pipes' usage in structure. The meaning--pipes are incorporated inside of the device, excluding external piping. This style of construction defines the unimpeded access to improve manufacturing costs. This device is a single-hot cycle, multi-cylinder, and none-rotary engine without any vibratory or gyroscopic reactions.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A four quadrant cylindrical cavity heat engine, comprising: a. a substantially sealed block formed of multiple ceramic plates containing geometric cavities designed to confine all internal components within; b. a caloric energy absorption and storage device designed to fit into the base of the engine block then defining the hot path in each quadrant, designated as the heat anvil; c. a central cavity created between two plates holding liquid working fluid then defining the cold path in each quadrant; d. a rotary expansion device in each quadrant circularly sliding inside a cylindrical cavity between the cold-path and the hot path, in communication with the hot path and cold path and to the cylinder cavity of the quadrant; e. a horizontal cylindrical cavity defined between multiple ceramic plates in each quadrant defining the sliding path of the piston of that quadrant and containing a cone shaped piston, then defining a hot working fluid entry and exit; f. a cone shaped piston having rounded edges to allow minimal angling of the piston without compromising the sealing union of the cylinder and piston, while the piston is sliding within the cylinder, the piston is terminated by a ball; g. a central oscillator consisting of two oscillator plates one inverted under the other in communication with the ball terminus of each quadrant piston and the offset pin of the central shaft; h. a central shaft projecting outside the engine block at the top circularly sliding inside a circular cavity within the center of the engine block, the offset pin of the central shaft in communication with the center cylindrical cavity of the oscillator and the cylindrical offset cavity of the central shaft base; i. a gear attached to the central shaft communicates circular energy to the two cylindrical cone drive rods, in addition on the underside of the gear four cylindrical magnets are attached that interact with corresponding coils located on the microcomputer printed circuit board; j. a cone drive rod circularly sliding in the circular cavity positioned exactly in between each two cylinder quadrants in communication with the gear of the central shaft to communicate circular energy to the cone compressor; k. a cone compressor in communication with a cone drive rod through a helical gear to worm gear interface, the cone compressor formed by locked outer and inter ceramic cone pieces circularly sliding inside the geometrical cavity defined within layers of the engine block; l. a cone ball entering the cone from a circular cavity within the engine block then circumscribing the decreasing radius arc defined by the track formed between the inner and outer cones, accelerated by the rotation of the cone then exiting the cone at high force pushing vaporous working fluid into the regeneration cavity towards the heat exchanger, the ball then returns to the storage track pushing the next sequential ball out of the opposite end of the ball storage track into the circular hot vapor cavity progressing to the cone compressor. 2. A heat anvil as set forth in claim 1, comprising: a. a device formed of copper shaped into a turret at the top to project through the circular cavity provided within the engine block plate al and mounting plates a1 and b1, copper extrusions project from the top of the turret through cavities within the lower a2 plate and b2 plate to designate a hot path in each quadrant; b. the device continues below the circular portion and the b1 mounting plate of the engine block then progresses into a square block 2.times.2.times.2 inches covered with insulation foam as caloric energy storage media; c. a focused fuel combustion area formed between the engine block plate a1 and plate a2 provides for fuel energy absorption utilizing air and fuel mixing then combustion in a matrix pad and a spark point, combustion exhaust exits over the al mounting plate; d. a focused geothermal and solar input may be achieved by transferring that energy to an oil then injecting that oil through the air input circular cavity located on the side of the al plate, exhaust oil exits over the al mounting plate. 