A spike for outdoor lighting fixture includes a receptacle portion integrated into the body of the spike with an open section and a removable transparent window that is configured to enclose the receptacle portion. The transparent window is attached to the receptacle portion using one or more screws or other fasteners. The spike can include an internally threaded upper portion for receiving a post upon which a lighting fixture is mounted and/or a lamp socket can be attached to the top of the spike and a protective housing fitted around the outer edges of the top of the spike. In a preferred embodiment, the receptacle portion is divided into multiple compartments, e.g., for storing excess cable or spare parts, or for securing connection points of a wiring installation. The transparent window permits visual examination of the connection within the receptacle without removing the transparent window.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A spike for an outdoor lighting fixture comprising: an upper portion having a fastening means for supporting a lamp assembly; a receptacle portion having a interior cavity having an enclosed top, back and two sidewalls, the top having an opening therethrough adapted for receiving a set of lamp conductors from the lamp assembly; a window releasably attached to the receptacle portion for enclosing the interior cavity, wherein the interior cavity is visible through the window; and a bottom portion having a point at a lower end for ground penetration; wherein the receptacle portion and the bottom portion together define a substantially continuous tapered profile from the top of the receptacle portion to the point at the lower end of the bottom portion, and wherein the receptacle portion and the bottom portion are adapted for insertion substantially below ground level. 2. The spike of claim 1, wherein the receptacle portion has at least one partition dividing the interior cavity into distinct compartments. 3. The spike of claim 1, wherein the receptacle portion has two partitions for dividing the interior cavity into three distinct compartments, wherein each of two of the compartments is dimensioned to receive a power conductor and a wire connector. 4. The spike of claim 1, wherein the sidewalls have at least one opening adapted to pass power conductors from outside of the receptacle portion to the interior cavity. 5. The spike of claim 4, wherein an opening is formed through each sidewall. 6. The spike of claim 1, wherein the bottom portion has a plurality of longitudinal ribs formed therein terminating in at least one barb. 7. The spike of claim 1, wherein the upper portion comprises an internally threaded bore dimensioned for receiving a lower end of an externally threaded post. 8. The spike of claim 1, wherein the upper portion has an outer dimension adapted to fit within a cylindrical base of a lighting fixture so that the upper portion is substantially enclosed within the cylindrical base. 9. The spike of claim 8, wherein the upper portion has an outer surface with at least one O-ring seat formed therein, and further comprising an O-ring disposed within the at least one O-ring seat, the O-ring adapted to create an interference fit between the outer surface of the upper portion and an interior surface of the cylindrical base. 10. The spike of claim 1, wherein the upper portion has an outer dimension adapted to fit within a cylindrical cover of a lighting fixture, and further comprising a bracket adapted for supporting a lamp socket. 11. A spike for an outdoor lighting fixture comprising: a tapered base member having a pointed lower end and an upper portion comprising a fastening means for mounting a lamp assembly; a receptacle portion integrally formed with the base member near the upper portion, the receptacle portion having an interior cavity with an open front and at least one opening adapted to pass a connection means into the cavity for supplying energy from a source to the lamp assembly; and a transparent window removably attached to the receptacle portion for closing the open front, wherein the cavity is viewable through the transparent window wherein the receptacle portion and the base member together define a substantially continuous tapered profile from the upper portion to the pointed lower end and the base member and receptacle portion are adapted for insertion substantially below ground level. 12. The spike of claim 11, wherein the receptacle portion has at least one partition dividing the interior cavity into distinct compartments. 13. The spike of claim 12, wherein the receptacle portion has two partitions dividing the interior cavity into three distinct compartments, wherein each of two of the compartments is dimensioned to receive a power conductor and a wire connector. 14. The spike of claim 11, wherein the sidewalls have at least one opening for feeding power conductors from outside of the receptacle portion to the interior cavity. 15. The spike of claim 14, wherein an opening is formed in each sidewall. 16. The spike of claim 11, wherein the bottom portion has a plurality of longitudinal ribs formed therein terminating in at least one barb. 17. The spike of claim 11, wherein the upper portion comprises an internally threaded bore dimensioned for receiving a lower end of an externally threaded post. 18. The spike of claim 11, wherein the upper portion has an outer dimension adapted to fit within a cylindrical base of a lighting fixture so that the upper portion is substantially enclosed within the cylindrical base. 19. The spike of claim 18, wherein the upper portion has an outer surface with at least one O-ring seat formed therein, and further comprising an O-ring disposed within the at least one O-ring seat, the O-ring adapted to create an interference fit between the outer surface of the upper portion and an interior surface of the cylindrical base. 20. The spike of claim 11, wherein the upper portion has an outer dimension adapted to fit within a cylindrical cover of a lighting fixture, and further comprising a bracket extending upward from the upper portion, and a lamp socket disposed on the bracket. 21. A combination ground spike and junction box, comprising: an upper portion adapted to support a light fixture; a tapered body extending downward from the upper portion, the tapered body having a pointed end and a profile comprising a substantially continuous taper from the upper portion to the pointed end; a receptacle integrally formed with the tapered body, the receptacle comprising walls and an openable panel to define a cavity dimensioned to receive electrical conductors from the light fixture, electrical conductors from a power source, and wire connectors; and at least one opening in the receptacle adapted to pass the electrical conductors into and out of the cavity; wherein the tapered body and receptacle adapted for insertion substantially below ground level. 22. The combination of claim 21, wherein the openable panel is formed from a transparent material. 23. The combination of claim 21, wherein the at least one opening comprises an upper opening for passing electrical conductors between the light fixture and the cavity. 24. The combination of claim 21, wherein the power source is external to the receptacle and the at least one opening comprises one or more side openings for passing electrical conductors between the cavity and the power source. 25. The combination of claim 21, wherein the power source comprises one or more batteries and the cavity is further dimensioned to retain the batteries therein. 26. The combination of claim 21, wherein the at least one opening comprises one or more side openings for passing electrical conductors between the batteries and a solar panel. 27. The combination of claim 21, wherein the upper portion comprises an internally threaded bore dimensioned for receiving a lower end of an externally threaded post. 28. The combination of claim 21, wherein the upper portion has an outer dimension that fits within a cylindrical base of a lighting fixture so that the upper portion is substantially enclosed within the cylindrical base. 29. The combination of claim 21, wherein the upper portion has an outer dimension that fits within a cylindrical cover of a lighting fixture, and further comprising a bracket extending upward from the upper portion, and a lamp socket disposed on the bracket. 30. The combination of claim 21, wherein the receptacle has at least one partition dividing the cavity into multiple compartments. 