The present invention provides a new personal transport system for passengers and goods, which comprises: a tube car comprising a self-powered closed tube car carrying passengers or goods from door to door; and a network of tubes comprising a plurality of tubes, the said network of tubes combined with the existing blocks or buildings, with each tube in the network of tubes provided with an upper rail and/or a lower rail for supporting and/or guiding the said tube car carrying passengers or goods. According to the invention it is possible to achieve a door-to-door transport between two buildings. In comparison to other traffic systems, the inventive system's velocity, line capacity, safety and reliability, ability of resisting disasters and comfortableness are much increased while its consumption of energy, construction cost, occupied space, operating cost, noise and visual pollution are greatly reduced. Furthermore, the transport system of the invention is easy to put into a standardized production, quick to be laid, removed and reused.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A network of tubes used in a personal transport system, comprising: a network of tubes, comprising a plurality of tubes, wherein the network of tubes is closed, each tube in the network of tubes has an upper rail and/or a lower rail for guiding a tube car, an airtight condition is established between the tube car and the network of tubes by airtight means provided between the inner surface of the tubes and the peripheral surface of the tube car, the airtight condition creates a piston effect, and the network of tubes includes normal-air-pressure low-speed tubes, each having the inner profile of the cross-section fitting to the outer profile of the cross-section of the tube car. 2. The network of tubes according to claim 1, wherein the network of tubes has a loop structure and includes single-layered or multi-layered tubes, and cars in tubes of each layer run in a single direction. 3. The network of tubes according to claim 2, wherein said tubes in each layer include a plurality of straight tubes and curved tubes. 4. The network of tubes according to claim 3, wherein the network of tubes includes said multi-layered tubes and said multi-layered tubes are overlapped and supported by support poles, and said straight and curved tubes form X-shape, N-shape or A-shape intersections of lines or entry/exit line loops. 5. The network of tubes according to claim 4, wherein said X-shape, N-shape or A-shape intersections of lines or entry/exit line loops fit to the existing blocks in cities. 6. The network of tubes according to claim 1, wherein each tube has an interlayer wall structure with light form materials filled in hollow space of the wall structure and a rail laid on an inner surface of the wall structure. 7. The network of tubes according to claim 1, wherein some video/audio signal transmission means are arranged on outer surfaces of the tubes. 8. The network of tubes according to claim 1, wherein the network of tubes includes low-air-pressure high-speed tubes, and the normal-air-pressure low-speed tubes and the low-air-pressure high-speed tubes are connected by pressure-transforming stopcocks. 9. The network of tubes according to claim 1, further comprising a plurality solar cell panels as power supply units arranged on an outer surface of the tubes. 10. The network of tubes according to claim 1, further comprising an anti-collision switch unit at each converging joint of lines. 11. The network of tubes according to claim 1, further comprising air release valves and air suction valves in the network of tubes. 12. A personal transport system comprising: tube cars, each tube car comprising: a self-powered closed car, and airtight means, on the peripheral surface of the car, and a network of tubes, wherein the car runs in tubes of the network of tubes, the network of tubes comprises a plurality of tubes, the network of tubes is closed, each tube in the network of tubes has an upper rail and/or a lower rail for guiding the car, the airtight means is configured to provide an airtight condition between the inner surface of the tubes and the peripheral surface of the car so as to create a piston effect when the tube car enters and runs in the network of tubes, and the network of tubes includes normal-air-pressure low-speed tubes, each having the inner profile of the cross-section fitting to the outer profile of the cross-section of the tube car. 13. The personal transport system according to claim 12, wherein said car can move forward or backward; and one to two seats are provided inside the car. 14. The personal transport system according to claim 12, wherein a guide for rail-changing is provided on said car. 15. The personal transport system according to claim 12, wherein the car is opaque without window. 16. The personal transport system according to claim 12, wherein the car further includes a video/audio signal transmission means including a digital information coding and transmitting means and a video/audio signal decoding and playing means, in which the digital information coding and transmitting means comprises one or more sending and receiving means of radio signals arranged on the car and said video/audio signal decoding and playing means comprises car-carrying video/audio playing means in the car. 17. A control system for controlling the personal transport system according to claim 12, comprises a plurality of computers provided in each station, each converging joint of two lines and each tube car with each computer having its own IP address and communicating with other computers via a network, in which: each computer in each station is used for collecting and controlling information about stored empty cars, and controlling entry/departure operations of cars; each computer at each converging joint of two lines is used for collecting and managing information related to cars running in the two lines, and monitoring and controlling the speeds of cars within the two lines to avoid collision of cars; and each computer in each tube car is used for collecting and managing information related to the each tube car and controlling the each tube car. 18. The control system according to claim 17, wherein tables recording courses from one station to another station are stored in the computers both in each station and in computers at each converging joint of two lines. 19. The control system according to claim 17, further comprising a plurality of arrival detectors provided along tubes of the network of tubes. 20. A control method for controlling the personal transport system according to claim 12, comprises the following step: during running of a car, a computer in the car checks whether a passenger inputs information about the destination, if information about the destination is input by the passenger, the computer in the car communicates with computers in stations and converging joints in the network of tubes, to order a running course; if any change in information about the destination is input by the passenger, the computer in the car communicates with the computers in the stations and the converging joints in the network of tubes to change the running course. 21. The personal transport system according to claim 12, wherein the network of tubes has overlapped two or more layers of tubes. 22. The personal transport system according to claim 12, wherein the airtight means of the car comprises one or more airtight rings provided on the outer surface of the tube car along the outer profile of the cross-section of the car. 23. A network of tubes used in a personal transport system, comprising: a network of tubes, comprising a plurality of tubes, wherein the network of tubes is closed, each tube in the network of tubes has an upper rail and/or a lower rail for guiding a tube car, an airtight condition is established between the tube car and the network of tubes by airtight means provided between the inner surface of the tubes and the peripheral surface of the tube car, and the airtight condition creates a piston effect, wherein a plurality of car storehouses with at least one station are provided near or within the network of tubes, each of the car storehouses includes: a vertical circulating rail, a horizontal moving beam for hanging and moving tube cars, a driving mechanism, a platform backing plate, a walking bridge, and a station control computer, wherein the walking bridge is supported by the station and connected with a building's doors or windows, and a tube car can move along the vertical circulating rail under the drive of the driving mechanism and the action of the horizontal moving beam. 24. A personal transport system comprising: a tube car used in a personal transport system, comprising a self-powered closed car, wherein the car is supported and/or guided by an upper rail and/or a lower rail provided in each tube of a closed network of tubes, and an airtight condition will be established between the tube car and the tubes of the network, when the tube car enters and runs in the network of tubes; and a network of tubes, wherein the car runs in tubes of the network of tubes, the network of tubes comprises a plurality of tubes, the network of tubes is closed, each tube in the network of tubes has an upper rail and/or a lower rail for guiding the car, an airtight condition is established between the car and the tubes of the network of tubes when the car enters and runs in the network of tubes, wherein the network of tubes includes normal-air-pressure low-speed tubes, each having the inner profile of the cross-section fitting to the outer profile of the cross-section of the tube car to thereby form the piston effect among cars in the tube, and wherein an airtight ring is provided on the outer surface of the tube car along the outer profile of the cross-section of the car to cover slits between the inner surface of the tube and the profile of the car when two cars approach each other rapidly so as to form said piston effect. 