A water tower includes a reservoir configured to store fluid. The reservoir includes a bottom surface. The water tower also includes a recirculating passageway fluidly connected to the reservoir. The recirculating passageway includes a first end connected to and located near or below the bottom surface of the reservoir, and a second end connected to the reservoir above the bottom surface of the reservoir. The water tower further includes a pump located in the recirculating passageway and configured to pump fluid through the recirculating passageway, and a fluid-driven energy generating device fluidly connected to the recirculating passageway. At least a portion of fluid directed through the energy generating device is directed through the recirculating passageway.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A power generation system comprising: a reservoir configured to store fluid, the reservoir including a bottom surface and a plurality of inlets located at different vertical locations in the reservoir; a recirculating passageway fluidly connected to the reservoir, the recirculating passageway including a first end connected to and located near or below the bottom surface of the reservoir and a plurality of second ends connected to the plurality of inlets above the bottom surface of the reservoir; a fluid-driven energy generating device fluidly connected to the recirculating passageway, at least a portion of fluid directed through the energy generating device being directed through the recirculating passageway; and a pump located in the recirculating passageway. 2. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the energy generating device is connected to the pump to supply power to the pump. 3. The power generation system of claim 1, further including a power storage system and a renewable energy device each connected to at least one of the energy generating device and the pump. 4. The power generation system of claim 1, further including a fluid discharge passageway fluidly connected to the reservoir, the discharge passageway including a first end connected to and located near or below the bottom surface of the reservoir and a second end located below the first end of the discharge passageway. 5. The power generation system of claim 1, further including a heating mechanism configured to heat fluid directed through the recirculating passageway. 6. The power generation system of claim 1, further including: a display viewable by persons passing the power generation system; wherein the display is configured to show reductions in pollutants or global warming from operation of the power generation system. 7. The power generation system of claim 1, further including: a sensor configured to sense a condition in the reservoir; and a control system configured to control a flow of fluid through a plurality of discharge valves at the plurality of inlets in the reservoir based on the sensed condition. 8. The power generation system of claim 1, further comprising: a compressed fluid passageway fluidly connected to a compressor and configured to direct compressed fluid from the compressor into the reservoir; wherein the fluid-driven energy generating device is located in at least one of the recirculating passageway, the compressed fluid passageway, or a passageway connected to an outlet of the reservoir. 9. The power generation system of claim 8, further including a control system configured to monitor a condition of the power generation system and configured to control the compressor based on the monitored condition, wherein the monitored condition includes power from the energy generating device. 10. The power generation system of claim 1, further comprising: a control system; a plurality of reservoirs including the reservoir configured to store fluid, the plurality of reservoirs being connected to the control system and an electric grid; and a plurality of sensors configured to monitor power and fluid conditions in each reservoir, wherein the control system is connected to the sensors and controls power and fluid conditions in each reservoir, wherein the power and fluid conditions that are controlled are determined by weather. 11. The power generation system of claim 1, further including a plurality of power sources configured to supply power to the power generation system, wherein the power sources include at least one of a solar, wind, hydroelectric, or other renewable energy source, a battery, or a fuel cell. 12. The power generation system of claim 1, further comprising an arm inside the reservoir and fluidly connected to the recirculating passageway, the arm including a discharge valve through which fluid is capable of being supplied to the reservoir. 13. The power generation system of claim 12, wherein the arm is moveable based on a vertical location of a liquid surface in the reservoir. 14. The power generation system of claim 12, wherein the arm includes multiple discharge valves at different locations along a longitudinal axis of the arm. 15. The power generation system of claim 1, further including: a plurality of power sources configured to supply power to the pump, the plurality of power sources including the energy generating device; and a control system configured to determine which of the power sources to supply power to the pump or whether to store power in a power storage system. 16. The power generation system of claim 15, wherein: the plurality of power sources are connected to an electric grid; and the control system is further configured to determine at least one of whether to direct power to or whether to receive power from the electric grid based on at least one of a time schedule, a power purchase rate, or a characteristic of the power storage system. 17. The power generation system of claim 15, wherein the power sources further include a renewable energy generating device including at least one of a solar array or a wind turbine attached to or placed near the power generation system. 18. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the reservoir is included in a water tower. 19. A power generation system comprising: a reservoir configured to store fluid, the reservoir including a bottom surface; a recirculating passageway fluidly connected to the reservoir, the recirculating passageway including a first end connected to and located near or below the bottom surface of the reservoir and a second end connected to the reservoir above the bottom surface of the reservoir; a fluid-driven energy generating device fluidly connected to the recirculating passageway, at least a portion of fluid directed through the energy generating device being directed through the recirculating passageway; a pump located in the recirculating passageway; a sensor configured to monitor water quality in the reservoir; a control system configured to adjust a flow of fluid through the recirculating passageway based on the sensed water quality; and a fluid treatment device located in the recirculating passageway, wherein the fluid treatment device includes at least one of a water aeration system, a water filtering system, or a water purification system. 20. A power generation system comprising: a control system; a plurality of reservoirs located at different geographic locations, the plurality of reservoirs including a first reservoir configured to store fluid, the first reservoir including a bottom surface, the plurality of reservoirs being connected to the control system and an electric grid; a recirculating passageway fluidly connected to the first reservoir, the recirculating passageway including a first end connected to and located near or below the bottom surface of the first reservoir and a second end connected to the first reservoir above the bottom surface of the first reservoir; a fluid-driven energy generating device fluidly connected to the recirculating passageway, at least a portion of fluid directed through the energy generating device being directed through the recirculating passageway; a pump located in the recirculating passageway; and a plurality of sensors configured to monitor a power condition associated with each reservoir, wherein the control system is connected to the plurality of sensors and is configured to: determine a price of at least one of power sold to the electric grid or power purchased from the electric grid, and determine whether to purchase power from the electric grid, sell power to the electric grid, or use power from the power generation system based on the determined price and the monitored power conditions. 