A system for sensing the amplitude and phase of an RF current flowing in an antenna element of a directional antenna system that uses a sampling device such as a current sample loop that is connected to an antenna monitor with fiber optic cable. The system uses an interface at the current sample loop on each of the antenna elements to convert an RF current sample to an optical signal. The fiber optic cable transmits the optical signal to the antenna monitor where it is converted back to an electrical signal for appropriate phase and amplitude comparison with the RF currents sampled from other antenna elements in the directional antenna system.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows: 1. A system for monitoring current in two or more antenna elements, comprising: current sensors configured to produce respective electrical signals that are proportional to an amplitude and phase of a current flowing in respective antenna elements of the two or more antenna elements; current-to-light converters configured to convert the respective electrical signals produced by the current sensors into respective optical signals; and fiber optic cables configured to carry the respective optical signals to an antenna monitor, wherein the antenna monitor is configured to compare the respective amplitude and phase of the current flowing in the two or more antenna elements. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the current sensors is a current sense loop that is positionable adjacent the respective antenna element such that transmissions from the antenna element induce a current in the current sense coil that is proportional to the amplitude and phase of the current flowing in the antenna element. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the current-to-light converters configured to convert the respective electrical signal produced by at least one of the current sensors includes an amplifier and a light source that produces at least one of the optical signals with an intensity proportional to the amplitude of the electrical signal produced by the current sensor. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the current-to-light converters includes an analog-to-digital converter that produces a digital code with a value that represents the electrical signal produced by at least one of the current sensors. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the current-to-light converters includes a modulator circuit that produces at least one of the optical signals having a frequency and/or phase that varies in proportion to the electrical signal produced by at least one of the current sensors. 6. The system of claim 1, further including a power supply for at least one of the current-to-light converters that is powered by electrical power delivered to the respective antenna element. 7. The system of claim 1, further including a battery for powering at least one of the current-to-light converters. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the battery is rechargeable. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the battery is rechargeable by a solar panel mountable on the respective antenna element. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein the battery is rechargeable from the electrical signal produced by at least one of the current sensors. 11. The system of claim 10, further comprising a battery charging circuit and a switch for selectively directing the electrical signal to the respective current-to-light converter or to the battery charging circuit. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the switch is responsive to a light signal received on a second optical fiber to direct the electrical signal to the battery charging circuit or the current-to-light converter. 13. A system for monitoring current in two or more antenna elements, comprising: means for sensing an amplitude and phase of a current flowing in respective antenna elements of the two or more antenna elements means for converting the sensed current into respective optical signals; and fiber optic cables configured to carry the respective optical signals to an antenna monitor, wherein the antenna monitor is configured to compare the respective amplitude and phase of the current flowing in the two or more antenna elements. 