Passive solar wire screens mount vertically on an edifice. The screens have rods vertically arranged parallel to one another and have wires horizontally arranged parallel to one another. The wires attach to the rods and have first surfaces facing away from the edifice in an upward direction from vertical. The wires also have second surfaces facing toward the edifice in a downward direction from vertical. When the sun has a summer elevation on the horizon, the first surfaces passively reflect solar energy incident thereto away from the wire screens. When the sun has a winter elevation on the horizon, however, the first surfaces passively reflect solar energy incident thereto toward the second surfaces, which in turn passively reflect the solar energy toward the edifice. A concave surface on the wires can also reflect thermal energy back to the edifice.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar wire screen for an edifice, comprising: a plurality of rods vertically arranged parallel to one another on a back side of the wire screen adjacent an edifice; and a plurality of wires horizontally arranged parallel to one another on a front side of the wire screen, each of the wires at least including-- a first edge attached to the rods, a second edge opposite the first edge and disposed away from the rods, a first surface extending from the second edge and facing upward at a first acute angle from a vertical line passing adjacent the rods, a second surface extending from the second edge and facing downward at a second acute angle from the vertical line, the second acute angle being greater than the first acute angle, and a third surface extending from the first surface to the first edge and facing upward at a third angle obtuse to the vertical line, the first surface passively reflecting at least a portion of the solar energy incident thereto away from the front side of the wire screen when the sun has a summer elevation on the horizon, the first surface passively reflecting at least a portion of the solar energy incident thereto toward the second surface of an adjacent wire when the sun has a winter elevation on the horizon, the second surface passively reflecting at least a portion of the solar energy incident thereto toward the edifice on the back side of the wire screen, the third surface reflecting at least a portion of thermal radiation incident thereto back away from the back side of the wire screen. 2. The screen of claim 1, wherein the first edges comprise a back surface facing the edifice and extending along a horizontal length of the first edges, the back surface reflecting at least a portion of thermal radiation incident thereto back to the edifice. 3. The screen of claim 2, wherein the back surface is concave. 4. The screen of claim 1, wherein the first and second surfaces are polished. 5. The screen of claim 1, wherein the first and second surfaces are flat or concave. 6. The screen of claim 1, wherein the wires allow at least a portion of the solar energy to pass between the wires toward the edifice on the back side of the wire screen when the sun has the winter elevation. 7. The screen of claim 6, wherein the wires define a gap therebetween allowing the portion of the solar energy to pass directly through the gap. 8. The screen of claim 1, further comprising a solar collector disposed adjacent the back side of the wire screen. 9. The screen of claim 1, wherein the first edges weld to the rods. 10. A solar wire screen system, comprising: a plurality of wire screens mountable vertically adjacent an edifice, each of the wire screens at least including-- a plurality of rods vertically arranged parallel to one another on a back side of the wire screen; and a plurality of wires horizontally arranged parallel to one another on a front side of the wire screen, each of the wires at least including-- a first edge attached to the rods, a second edge opposite the first edge and disposed away from the rods, a first surface extending from the second edge and facing upward at a first acute angle from a vertical line passing adjacent the rods, a second surface extending from the second edge and facing downward at a second acute angle from the vertical line, the second acute angle being greater than the first acute angle, and a third surface extending from the first surface to the first edge and facing upward at a third angle obtuse to the vertical line; wherein the first surfaces reflect at least a portion of the solar energy incident thereto away from the front side of the wire screen when the sun has a summer elevation on the horizon, wherein the first and second surfaces of the wires pass at least a portion of the solar energy toward the edifice adjacent the back side of the wire screen when the sun has a winter elevation on the horizon, and wherein the third surface reflects at least a portion of thermal radiation incident thereto back to the edifice. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the first edges comprise a back surface oriented vertically and extending along a horizontal length of the first edges, the back surface reflecting at least a portion of thermal radiation incident thereto back to the edifice. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the back surface is concave. 13. The system of claim 10, wherein the wires allow at least some of the solar energy to pass between the wires toward the edifice adjacent the back side of the wire screen when the sun has the winter elevation. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the wires define a gap therebetween allowing the portion of the solar energy to pass directly through the gap. 15. The system of claim 10, wherein the first surfaces reflect at least a portion of the solar energy incident thereto toward an adjacent one of the second surfaces when the sun has the winter elevation on the horizon. 16. The system of claim 10, wherein the second surfaces reflect at least a portion of the solar energy incident thereto that has been reflected from the first surface toward the edifice adjacent the back side of the wire screen. 17. The screen of claim 10, wherein the first and second surfaces are polished. 18. The screen of claim 10, wherein the first and second surfaces are flat or concave. 19. The system of claim 10, further comprising a solar collector disposed adjacent the back side of the wire screen. 20. The system of claim 10, wherein the first edges weld to the rods. 21. The system of claim 10, wherein the wire screens are constructed as panels mounting onto the edifice. 