The portable and autonomous desalination system is an autonomous reverse osmosis (RO) desalination system utilizing power from a combination of electricity generation and storage sources that include a photovoltaic (PV) unit, a vertical-axis wind turbine (VAWT) unit, and an electricity storage unit. Electric power from PV, VAWT or storage units or a combination of these units is provided, depending upon the availability of sunlight or wind, or for night operation for water desalination using the reverse-osmosis process. The unit is portable, environmentally friendly, self-sufficient and self-sustaining in terms of supplying the electricity and fresh drinking water needs of the typical household. Multiple PV-VAWT-RO desalination units are combined together to provide fresh, clean water and electricity for communities of various sizes. A small-size, straight-bladed vertical axis wind turbine runs at very low wind speeds for urban operation.
Claims We claim: 1. A desalination system, comprising: a portable mounting base having a top and a bottom; a plurality of wheels attached to the bottom of the portable mounting base; a reverse-osmosis (RO) desalination unit disposed on the portable mounting base; an electricity generator disposed on the top of the portable mounting base, the electricity generator being electrically connected to the RO desalination unit for providing electrical power; a telescopic hub coaxially disposed proximate the electricity generator and extending substantially vertically; a vertical-axis wind turbine (VAWT) unit coaxially disposed on the telescopic hub, the VAWT having a rotor assembly and a plurality of vertically disposed blades, the vertical-axis wind turbine rotating the electricity generator, said vertical-axis wind turbine unit further including a plurality of telescopic arms, the telescopic arms extending and retracting the plurality of vertically disposed blades to effect the performance of the VAWT in a variety of wind conditions, the plurality of telescopic arms extending radially from the telescopic hub; a photovoltaic (PV) unit mounted on a housing of the electricity generator, the PV unit providing electrical power to the RO desalination unit; and an electrical storage unit disposed in the desalination system, the electrical storage unit providing electrical power to the RO desalination unit. 2. The desalination system according to claim 1, wherein the rotor assembly of the VAWT comprises a plurality of compact size straight blades operating at very low cut-in speeds. 3. The desalination system according to claim 1, wherein said plurality of telescopic arms extend substantially horizontally. 4. The desalination system according to claim 1, wherein a convergent channel is used and oriented upstream of the VAWT according to prevalent wind directions, the convergent channel enhancing performance of the VAWT. 5. The desalination system according to claim 1, wherein said blades comprise a plurality of arcuate blades. 6. The desalination system according to claim 1, wherein the reverse osmosis unit comprises: a plurality of water tubes disposed on the wheeled base; a plurality of planar vertical support members disposed on the wheeled base, the planar vertical support members stabilizing a configuration of the water tubes on the wheeled base; a gravity feed inlet connected to the water tubes, the gravity feed inlet guiding salt water into the tubes; and a water outlet connected to the water tubes, the water outlet guiding desalinated water out of the water tubes. 7. The desalination system according to claim 1, wherein said vertically disposed blades are disposed on the ends of the corresponding ones of the plurality of telescopic arms, said blades each having a concave face presenting drag to wind for operation as a drag device. 8. The desalination system according to claim 1, wherein said vertically disposed blades are disposed on the ends of the corresponding ones of the plurality of telescopic arms, said blades each having a substantially teardrop shape disposed normal to the rotor arms in order to present an airfoil shape to wind for operation as a lift device. 