A DC power system is provided to generate the power from renewable energy and directly supplies the DC power to DC household appliances, thus saving energy that would be wasted during the conversion of DC to AC and back to DC and saving the cost of a rectifier or power factor corrector. The DC power system includes a generator, a DC/DC converter, a battery bank, a bi-directional inverter, a DC load and a controller.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A DC power system for household appliances comprising: a generator for generating DC power from renewable energy; a DC/DC converter for converting DC voltage from the generator and then providing the converted DC voltage to a DC bus having a DC bus voltage; a 360 VDC battery bank for storing energy, wherein the converted DC power is charged to the battery bank if the DC bus voltage is higher than a battery bank voltage, and wherein the battery bank discharges to supply DC power if the battery bank voltage is higher than the DC bus voltage; a bi-directional inverter being a bi-directional interface between the DC bus and an AC grid and switchable between an inverter mode for converting DC to AC and a power purchasing mode for converting AC from the AC grid to DC; a DC load energized by the DC bus; and a controller for monitoring the voltage on the DC bus and tripping the battery bank and turning off the DC power system when the DC bus voltage exceeds trip setpoints; wherein the bi-directional inverter is switched to an inverter mode if the generator provides abundant power causing DC bus voltage rises above an inverter mode setpoint; and wherein the bi-directional inverter is switched to a power purchasing mode if the load is heavy causing DC bus voltage drops below a power purchasing mode setpoint. 2. The DC power system according to claim 1, wherein the generator is selected from a group consisting of a photovoltaic unit, a fuel cell and a DC rectified wind turbine. 3. The DC power system according to claim 1, wherein the DC/DC converter converts to about 360-volt DC. 4. The DC power system according to claim 1, wherein the single battery bank comprises one or more parallel battery banks connecting to the DC bus with a voltage of 360 VDC. 5. The DC power system according to claim 1, wherein the DC load is selected from a group consisting of an air conditioner, a refrigerator, a washing machine equipped with a DC brushless motor, and an electronic ballast lamp equipped with a ballast element. 6. The DC power system according to claim 1, wherein the controller trips the battery bank and shuts down the DC power system when the DC bus voltage continues to drop below an over-discharge trip setpoint caused by providing inadequate power from the photovoltaic unit and failure of purchasing electricity from the AC grid. 7. The DC power system according to claim 1, wherein the controller trips the battery bank and shuts down the DC power system when the DC bus voltage continues to rise above an over-charge trip setpoint caused by providing too much power from the photovoltaic unit and failure of selling electricity to the AC grid. 