A sensor housing for a field device includes a housing body and a solar module that may be put in place and removed. The solar module supplies the field device with electrical energy and may be placed on top of the housing body at various angles of rotation, as a result of which at the same time an electrical contact between the solar module and an energy storage device is provided.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A sensor housing for a field device for one of a fill level measuring, a pressure measuring, a limit measuring and a flow measuring, comprising: a housing body; a solar module placed on a top of the housing body, the solar module supplying the field device with an electrical energy; and an energy storage module storing the electrical energy collected by the solar module, wherein the housing body includes a first chamber and a second chamber, the energy storage module being arranged in the first chamber, wherein the solar module includes a first group of electrical sliding contacts, wherein the housing body includes a second group of electrical sliding contacts that corresponds to the first group, and wherein the electrical sliding contacts of the first group and the second group are matched to each other in such a way to allow the placement of the solar module on the top of the housing body and establish an electrical connection between the solar module and the energy storage module at various angles of rotation. 2. The sensor housing according to claim 1, further comprising: a measured-value transmission module transmitting measured values to an external unit, the measured-value transmission module being arranged in the second chamber. 3. The sensor housing according to claim 1, wherein the solar module is screwed onto the housing body. 4. The sensor housing according to claim 1, further comprising: charge--and protection electronics for the energy storage module, the charge--and protection electronics being situated in the energy storage module. 5. The sensor housing according to claim 1, further comprising: a mounting connection affixing the sensor housing to a mounting plate. 6. A sensor housing for a field device for one of a fill level measuring, a pressure measuring, a limit measuring and a flow measuring, comprising: a housing body; a solar module placed on a top of the housing body, the solar module supplying the field device with an electrical energy; and a mounting connection affixin the sensor housing to a mounting plate, wherein the mounting connection affixes the sensor housing to a ball-and-socket head which allows to tilt the sensor housing. 7. A sensor housing for a field device for one of a fill level measuring, a pressure measuring, a limit measuring and a flow measuring, comprising: a housing body; a solar module placed on a top of the housing body, the solar module supplying the field device with an electrical energy; and an automatic tracking unit tilting the sensor housing so that a surface normal of the solar module points in a direction of the sun when the sensor housing is installed on a tank. 8. The sensor housing according to claim 7, further comprising: a GPS receiver transmitting data relating to an actual position of the sun at a location of the sensor housing to the automatic tracking unit. 9. The sensor housing according to claim 7, further comprising: a brightness sensor determining a direction from which sunlight shines into the solar module and transferring data relating to the direction to the automatic tracking unit. 10. A field device for one of a fill level measuring, a pressure measuring, a limit measuring and a flow measuring, comprising: a sensor housing including a housing body and a solar module placed on a top of the housing body, the solar module supplying the field device with an electrical energy, wherein the solar module includes a first group of electrical sliding contacts, wherein the housing body includes a second group of electrical sliding contacts that corresponds to the first group, and wherein the electrical sliding contacts of the first group and the second group are matched to each other in such a way to allow the placement of the solar module on the top of the housing body and establish an electrical connection between the solar module and the energy storage module at various angles of rotation. 11. A modular system for producing various field devices for one of a fill level measuring, a limit measuring, a pressure measuring and a flow measuring, comprising: a sensor housing including a solar module placed on a top of the sensor housing, the solar module supplying the field device with an electrical energy, wherein the solar module includes a first group of electrical sliding contacts, wherein the housing body includes a second group of electrical sliding contacts that corresponds to the first group, and wherein the electrical sliding contacts of the first group and the second group are matched to each other in such a way to allow the placement of the solar module on the top of the housing body and establish an electrical connection between the solar module and the energy storage module at various angles of rotation. 12. The modular system according to claim 11, further comprising sensor electronics; and a control module; and an energy storage module storing the electrical energy collected by the solar module, wherein the energy storage module is exchangeable by the sensor electronics and wherein the solar module is exchangeable by the control module. 13. A field device for one of a fill level measuring, a pressure measuring, a limit measuring and a flow measuring, comprising: a sensor housing including a housing body and a solar module placed on a top of the housing body, the solar module supplying the field device with an electrical energy; and a mounting connection affixing the sensor housing to a mounting plate, wherein the mounting connection affixes the sensor housing to a ball-and-socket head which allows to tilt the sensor housing. 14. A field device for one of a fill level measuring, a pressure measuring, a limit measuring and a flow measuring, comprising: a sensor housing including a housing body and a solar module placed on a top of the housing body, the solar module supplying the field device with an electrical energy; and an automatic tracking unit tilting the sensor housing so that a surface normal of the solar module points in a direction of the sun when the sensor housing is installed on a tank. 15. A modular system for producing various field devices for one of a fill level measuring, a limit measuring, a pressure measuring and a flow measuring, comprising: a sensor housing including a solar module placed on a top of the sensor housing, the solar module supplying the field device with an electrical energy; and a mounting connection affixing the sensor housing to a mounting plate, wherein the mounting connection affixes the sensor housing to a ball-and-socket head which allows to tilt the sensor housing. 16. A modular system for producing various field devices for one of a fill level measuring, a limit measuring, a pressure measuring and a flow measuring, comprising: a sensor housing including a solar module placed on a top of the sensor housing, the solar module supplying the field device with an electrical energy; and an automatic tracking unit tilting the sensor housing so that a surface normal of the solar module points in a direction of the sun when the sensor housing is installed on a tank. 