A booth with a plurality of spray nozzles for the application of sunscreen, insect repellent, aloe lotion, skin care products, or similar lotions or liquids to substantial portions of the human body. One or more spray nozzles are oriented to avoid opposing air or spray flows that may cause inefficient or uneven application of the lotion or liquid. Spray nozzles may be fixed or adjustable. The invention may include means for rinsing the body prior to application of the lotion or liquid to promote even and unobstructed application to the body, as well as means for washing down the booth between or after use is provided. Power may be provided by electrical power sources, a battery, or solar panel(s).
Claims We claim: 1. A device for applying a sunscreen or similar liquid or solution to a person, comprising: a booth with a floor and one or more walls comprising an enclosure to receive a user; one or more spray nozzles located inside the booth to spray the user with a sunscreen or similar liquid or solution; one or more tanks containing the sunscreen or similar liquid or solution; a pump or compressor located in the interior of the booth to transmit the sunscreen or similar liquid from the one or more tanks to the spray nozzle or nozzles; wherein said booth is portable. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein there are two or three of said spray nozzles. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein one or more of the spray nozzles are fixed. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein one or more of the spray nozzles are adjustable. 5. The device of claim 1, further comprising one or more storage units, distinct from the one or more tanks containing the sunscreen or similar liquid or solution, located in the interior of the booth. 6. The device of claim 1, further comprising a control device to control and monitor operation of the booth. 7. The device of claim 1, further comprising means to accept payment from users. 8. The device of claim 7, wherein said means to accept payment comprises wireless communications. 9. The device of claim 1, further comprising a means of supplying power. 10. The device of claim 9, wherein said power supply means comprises a battery. 11. The device of claim 9, wherein said power supply means comprises a solar panel. 12. The device of claim 1, further comprising one or more air vents located in the booth. 13. The device of claim 1, further comprising a solar powered air vent to draw air from the interior of the booth. 14. The device of claim 1, further comprising means to cause the spray nozzles to begin spraying the user. 15. The device of claim 1, further comprising at least one door in one of said walls of the booth. 16. The device of claim 15, further comprising a door sensor disposed so as to detect when the door is open or closed. 17. The device of claim 1, further comprising means to transport the booth. 18. The device of claim 1, wherein one or more of the spray nozzles has a sensor to detect the proximity of the user to the one or more spray nozzles. 