The invention relates to a method for the transport of containers, wherein at least one container is driven along on rotating drive units (12) on a transport system, the transport system being built over a long distance such that remote delivery of containers may at least be achieved on a regional scale and a transport system for transporting containers comprising a rectangular frame (1,3), several rotatable drive units (12), fixed to the frame (1,3) perpendicular to the frame (1,3) and parallel to each other, each comprising at least one drive wheel (10) on which a container can be supported and driven, wherein the transport device runs over a long distance such that the remote delivery of containers may at least be achieved on a regional scale.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A conveying system for the transport of worldwide common transport containers, the conveying system comprising: an elongated frame comprising a first lane directed in a first direction and a second lane directed in an opposite second direction; multiple rotatable drive units mounted in parallel and crosswise to the frame, each drive unit providing at least one drive wheel for driving a transport container; cutouts in opposing steel joist lines; insertion plates configured to fit in the cutouts; bearings operably associated with each drive unit; a control system; a first drive unit operably associated with the first lane, the first drive unit being activated by the control system by a first transport container approaching the first lane and being disabled by the control system as the first transport container departs the first lane; and a second drive unit operably associated with the second lane, the second drive unit being activated by the control system by a second transport container approaching the second lane and being disabled by the control system as the second transport container departs the second lane; wherein the bearings are carried by the insertion plates; and wherein the conveying system is provided on at least a regional scale for enabling long distance conveyance of the transport containers. 2. The conveying system according to claim 1, further comprising: a cover having side walls. 3. The conveying system according to claim 1, wherein the frame comprises: a plurality of T-shaped support lines; connectors for connecting the T-shaped support lines; and a plurality of spacers for maintaining a selected space between the connected T-shaped support lines. 4. The conveying system according to claim 1, wherein each drive unit comprises: an axle; and at least one motor for driving the axle; wherein the drive wheel is operably associated with the axle. 5. The conveying system according to claim 1, wherein the drive units are reversible, such that the transport containers may be driven in either of two directions. 6. The conveying system according to claim 1, further comprising: a solar energy system for powering the drive units. 7. The conveying system according to claim 1, wherein the frame comprises: at least one maintenance lane. 8. A method for conveying worldwide common transport containers on at least a regional scale, comprising: providing an elongated frame, wherein the frame comprises a first lane directed in a first direction and a second lane directed in an opposite second direction; mounting a plurality of rotatable drive units in parallel and crosswise to the frame, each drive unit having at least one drive wheel for driving a transport container; providing cutouts in opposing steel joist lines; providing insertion plates adapted to fit in the cutouts; providing bearings operably associated with each drive unit, the bearings being carried by the insertion plates; providing a control system; activating by means of the control system each drive unit of the first lane in response to the approach of the transport container approaching on the first lane, and activating by means of the control system each drive unit of the second lane in response to the approach of the transport container approaching on the second lane; and disabling by means of the control system each drive unit of the first lane in response to the departure of the transport container departing on the first lane, and disabling by means of the control system each drive unit of the second lane in response to the departure of the transport container departing on the second lane. 9. The method according to claim 8, further comprising: providing an electrical power system for powering the drive units. 10. The method according to claim 8, further comprising: operably associating a current collector with at least one of the containers; transmitting electrical power from the electrical power system to the at least one container via the current collector. 