The present invention is directed to an apparatus and method for improving the total power output from a field of solar energy systems. The invention provides a field level tracker controller which calculates an improved positioning of individual solar energy systems and communicates those configurations to trackers in the field. An algorithm stored in the controller calculates the improved configuration for the solar energy systems based on factors such as solar movement, shade patterns generated by surrounding structures, and measured output of the energy systems. Improved positioning may include individual energy systems being directed to a stowed position to maximize the power output of the field as a whole.
Claims What is claimed: 1. A controller system comprising: a field of two or more solar energy systems, wherein each system comprises one or more solar energy arrays mounted on a solar tracker, and wherein the arrays are comprised of one or more solar energy units having an electronic arrangement; and a field level tracker controller in communication with the field of solar energy systems, wherein the controller is capable of receiving data on locations and physical dimensions of individual solar arrays in the field of solar energy systems and the electronic arrangement of solar energy units in an array, and wherein the field level tracker controller controls the position of individual solar trackers in the field. 2. The controller system of claim 1, wherein the tracker controller further comprises a storage device and an algorithm stored in the storage device, wherein the algorithm calculates a configuration of individual solar energy systems that improves the sum of the potential power outputs of the solar energy systems. 3. The controller system of claim 2, wherein the configuration of the solar energy systems provides a minimum shade pattern on one or more solar energy systems. 4. The controller system of claim 2, wherein the algorithm uses the locations and physical dimensions of individual solar arrays and the electronic arrangement of solar energy units in an array. 5. The controller system of claim 1, wherein the field level tracker controller is capable of receiving data on the power output of individual solar energy systems. 6. The controller system of claim 1, wherein the solar energy units comprise concentrated photovoltaic solar energy units. 7. The controller system of claim 1, wherein the field level tracker controller is located remotely from the field of solar energy systems. 8. The controller system of claim 2, wherein the configuration of the solar energy systems comprises positioning one or more solar energy systems in a stowed position. 9. The controller system of claim 2, wherein the algorithm uses a calculated shade pattern of nearby structures, and wherein the nearby structures are selected from the group consisting of solar energy systems, wind turbines, trees, landscape elements and buildings to calculate a configuration of individual solar energy systems for maximizing the sum of the potential power outputs of the solar energy systems. 10. A method for constructing a solar energy system field level controller, comprising: providing a field level tracker controller, wherein the field level tracker controller has a storage device, and wherein the field level tracker controller is capable of receiving input data; inputting the location and physical dimensions of individual solar energy systems in a field of solar energy systems into the field level tracker controller; placing the field level tracker controller in communication with the field of solar energy systems; and storing an algorithm in the storage device, wherein the algorithm calculates an improved configuration for the solar energy systems based on the input data to maximize the sum of power outputs of the field of solar energy systems. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the solar energy systems are concentrated photovoltaic solar energy systems. 12. The method of claim 10, wherein the field level tracker controller is provided at a remote location from the field of solar energy systems. 13. The method of claim 10, wherein the improved configuration comprises one or more solar energy systems in a stowed position. 14. The method of claim 10, wherein the algorithm further comprises calculating a shade pattern of nearby structures, wherein the nearby structures is selected from the group consisting of solar energy systems, wind turbines, trees, landscape elements and buildings. 15. The method of claim 10, further comprising inputting the electronic arrangement of solar energy units in an array into the field level tracker controller. 16. The method of claim 10, further comprising inputting the power output levels of the solar energy systems into the field level tracker controller. 17. A field level controller system comprising: a field of two or more solar energy systems, wherein each system comprises one or more solar energy arrays mounted on a solar array tracker, and wherein the arrays are comprised of one or more solar energy units; a field level tracker controller in communication with the field of solar energy systems, wherein the field level tracker controller is capable of receiving data on the locations and physical dimensions of individual solar arrays in the field of solar energy systems, and wherein the field level tracker controller individually controls the position of each solar array tracker; wherein the tracker controller further comprises an algorithm; and wherein the algorithm calculates a configuration of individual solar energy systems that improves the sum of the potential power outputs of the solar energy systems. 18. The controller system of claim 17, wherein the arrays comprise one or more concentrated photovoltaic solar energy units. 19. The controller system of claim 17, wherein the field level tracker controller is capable of receiving data on the power output of individual solar energy systems. 20. The controller system of claim 17, wherein the field level tracker controller further comprises a weather monitoring device. 21. A method for maximizing the power output of a field of solar energy systems comprising: providing a field level tracker controller, wherein the field level tracker controller comprises an algorithm; providing a field of solar energy systems comprised of one or more solar energy arrays mounted on a solar array tracker, wherein the arrays are comprised of one or more solar energy units electrically connected in a string arrangement; inputting the location and physical dimensions of individual solar energy systems in a field of solar energy systems into the field level tracker controller; inputting the string arrangement of solar energy devices into field level tracker controller; placing the field level tracker controller in communication with the field of solar energy systems; and using the algorithm to calculate a configuration of individual solar energy systems for maximizing the sum of the potential power outputs of the solar energy systems. 22. The controller system of claim 21, wherein the field level tracker controller further comprises a weather monitoring device. 23. The controller system of claim 17, wherein the configuration of the solar energy systems provides a minimum shade pattern on one or more solar energy systems. 24. The controller system of claim 17, wherein the solar energy units have an electronic arrangement; and wherein the algorithm uses the locations and physical dimensions of individual solar arrays and the electronic arrangement of solar energy units in an array. 