The invention relates to a device for protecting a photovoltaic plant (1) against rodent bite damage, wherein the photovoltaic plant (1) comprises several components, among them solar cells (2), a control unit (5), an inverter (7), an internal voltage supply means (13) and at least one microcontroller (9) which are interconnected via corresponding lines (3, 6, 8, 11). To provide such a device which offers an optimum protection against damage caused by bites and which entails as little maintenance and installation expenditures as possible, an ultrasonic transmitter (12) is provided for emitting an ultrasonic signal, and the ultrasonic transmitter (12) is connected to a microcontroller (9) of the photovoltaic plant (1) such that the ultrasonic signal emitted is controllable via the photovoltaic plant (1).
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic plant comprising a device for protecting this photovoltaic plant against rodent bite damage, wherein the photovoltaic plant comprises several components, among them solar cells, a control unit, an inverter, an internal voltage supply and at least one microcontroller integrated in the control unit, said components being interconnected via corresponding lines, wherein the device comprises an ultrasonic transmitter integrated in the inverter for emitting an ultrasonic signal, and the ultrasonic transmitter is connected to the at least one microcontroller, the control unit monitoring status of individual terminals for connection with the solar cells to determine which solar cells are active and how much direct current the solar cells supply, the at least one microcontroller controlling said monitoring such that the ultrasonic signal emitted is controllable in dependence on the direct current delivered from the solar cells and on when dusk is recognized by the at least one microcontroller via measurement of the direct current supplied by the solar cells. 2. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein the device is integrated in a component of the photovoltaic plant. 3. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 2, wherein the device is integrated in the control unit. 4. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic signal is controllable in dependence on the time of day. 5. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic transmitter is connected to the internal voltage supply of the photovoltaic plant.) 6. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic transmitter is connected to an internal data bus of the photovoltaic plant.) 7. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic transmitter is connected to a remote access of the photovoltaic plant.) 8. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 7, wherein the ultrasonic transmitter can be configured via the remote access of a component of the photovoltaic plant. 9. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, further comprising a memory connected to the at least one microcontroller. 10. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, further comprising a daylight control sensor connected to the at least one microcontroller. 11. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein a further microcontroller is arranged in the ultrasonic transmitter. 12. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic transmitter emits a non-repetitive ultrasonic signal which randomly varies with regard to its parameters frequency, volume and/or on-time, or pause, respectively, the parameters of the ultrasonic signal being adjustable via the microcontroller of the photovoltaic plant. 13. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein the supply of the components of the photovoltaic plant via a data bus is effected with an alternating voltage. 