Airborne transmission/reception arrays and associated systems and methods are disclosed. An airborne image display device in accordance with one embodiment includes a plurality of electrically interconnected display units, with individual display units including at least one flexible support member mountable to an exterior surface of an airborne device. The display unit can further include a plurality of pixel carriers supported by the flexible support member, with each pixel carrier having multiple, spaced apart pixels. In other embodiments, the systems can include other transmission/reception arrays, for example, radar arrays or solar arrays, in lieu of the display device.
Claims We claim: 1. An airborne image display device, comprising: a plurality of electrically interconnected display units, with individual display units including: at least two flexible support members mountable to an exterior surface of an airborne device, wherein the individual flexible support members include an elongated base mountable to the exterior surface and multiple stand-offs projecting away from the elongated base, and wherein the flexible support members comprise a flexible resilient foam material; and a plurality of pixel carriers supported by and extending between the two flexible support members in a direction generally normal to the elongated bases of the flexible support members, wherein individual pixel carriers are carried by individual stand-offs of the corresponding flexible support members, and wherein each pixel carrier comprises multiple, spaced-apart pixels. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein neighboring pixel carriers are arranged generally parallel to each other to form an array of pixels. 3. The device of claim 1 wherein neighboring pixel carriers are oriented at different inclination angles relative to the at least two flexible support member. 4. The device of claim 1 wherein the plurality of display units includes a first display unit and a second display unit, the first display unit having first pixel carriers oriented at a first angle relative to the corresponding flexible support members, the second display unit having second pixel carriers oriented at a second angle different than the first angle relative to the corresponding flexible support members. 5. The device of claim 1 wherein each pixel includes multiple light emitting elements. 6. The device of claim 1 wherein each pixel carrier includes a generally strip-shaped section of circuit board. 7. The device of claim 6 wherein the circuit board includes a lightening opening extending through the circuit board and positioned at an edge, an interior, or both an edge and interior of the circuit board. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein each pixel carrier includes a generally strip-shaped section of circuit board and a stiffener extending away from the circuit board. 9. The device of claim 8 wherein the pixels are visually accessible from an outwardly facing surface of the pixel carrier, and wherein the stiffener projects in an outward direction away from the outwardly facing surface. 10. The device of claim 1, further comprising at least one ultracapacitor electrically coupled to the pixels. 11. The device of claim 1, further comprising a dimmer operatively coupled to the pixels to automatically reduce an output of the pixels when a power demand by the pixels exceeds a threshold condition. 12. The device of claim 1, further comprising a lightning protection cable carried by at least one of the display units. 13. An airborne image display system, comprising: a blimp; a video display screen attached to an exterior surface of the blimp, the video display screen including: a plurality of electrically interconnected display units, with individual display units including: two flexible support members, each having a first surface in contact with the blimp exterior surface, each support member further having multiple second surfaces facing away from the first surface; a plurality of pixel carriers supported by the flexible support members at the second surfaces, wherein the pixel carriers extend between the flexible support members in a direction generally normal to the first surfaces of the flexible support members, and wherein each pixel carrier comprises multiple, spaced-apart pixels; and multiple spaced apart fasteners, with individual fasteners being attached to the blimp exterior surface and being releasably attached to the flexible support members. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein the blimp exterior surface has a compound curvature, and wherein the display screen conforms to the compound curvature of the exterior surface. 15. The system of claim 13, further comprising a standoff carried by at least one of the flexible support members, and a lightning protection cable carried by the standoff, the lightning protection cable being carried at a greater distance from the exterior surface of the blimp than are the pixels. 16. An airborne system, comprising: a blimp; a signal array attached to an exterior surface of the blimp, the signal array including: a plurality of electrically interconnected units, with individual units including: at least one flexible support member releasably attached to the exterior surface of the blimp; a plurality of signal device carriers supported by the flexible support member, wherein the signal device carriers extend generally perpendicular to a longitudinal axis of the flexible support member, and wherein each signal device carrier comprises multiple, spaced-apart signal devices; and multiple spaced apart fasteners, with individual fasteners being attached to the blimp exterior surface and being releasably attached to the flexible support member. 17. The system of claim 16 wherein the signal devices include signal emitters. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein the signal devices include light emitters. 19. The system of claim 17 wherein the signal devices include radar emitters. 20. The system of claim 16 wherein the signal devices include signal receivers. 21. The system of claim 20 wherein the signal devices include solar cells. 22. The system of claim 16 wherein the at least one flexible support member includes a first flexible support member and a second flexible support member, and wherein at least one of the fasteners is connected between the first flexible support member and the second flexible support member. 23. The system of claim 22 wherein the at least one fastener is adhesively attached to the exterior surface of the blimp and includes first and second projections, and wherein the first flexible support member includes a first aperture in which the first projection is received, and the second flexible support member includes a second aperture in which the second projection is received. 24. The system of claim 23 wherein the first projection includes a shaft and a head, the head having an opening, and wherein the system further comprises a strap connected to the first flexible support member and passing through the opening in the head. 25. The system of claim 16 wherein the fasteners are the only elements connecting the flexible support members to the blimp exterior surface. 26. The system of claim 16 wherein the at least one flexible support member is stretched between and releasably attached to a first fastener and a second fastener. 27. A method for installing a signal array on a blimp, comprising: attaching first and second fasteners to an outwardly facing curved surface of a blimp; releasably attaching a first flexible support member having a first elongated base to the first fastener and releasably attaching a second flexible support member having a second elongated base to the second fastener; supporting a plurality of signal device carriers with the first and second flexible support members, wherein the signal device carriers extend between the first and second flexible support members in a direction generally normal to the first and second elongated bases of the flexible support members, and wherein individual signal device carriers have multiple, spaced apart signal devices; and electrically connecting signal devices carried by the plurality of signal device carriers in a signal array. 28. The method of claim 27 wherein electrically connecting signal devices includes electrically connecting light-emitting devices in a video display array. 29. The method of claim 27, further comprising attaching a third fastener to the curved surface of the blimp and stretching the first flexible support member between the first fastener and the third fastener. 30. The method of claim 27, further comprising releasably attaching a third support member to the first fastener. 31. The method of claim 27 wherein attaching the first and second fasteners includes adhesively attaching the first and second fasteners. 32. The method of claim 27 wherein the curved surface includes a decal, and wherein attaching the first and second fasteners includes attaching the first and second fasteners to the decal. 33. The method of claim 27, further comprising: removing the first flexible support member from the first fastener without removing the first fastener from the blimp; and replacing the first flexible support member with a third flexible support member. 34. The method of claim 27 wherein releasably attaching the first flexible support member to the first fastener includes: passing a head of the first fastener through a mounting hole of the first flexible support member so that a through hole in the head is exposed; passing a strap through the through hole; and attaching the strap to the first flexible support member. 