An LED light includes focus-adjustable projection means that can be rotated 360 degrees about any desired combination of x, y, and z axes of a three-dimensional coordinate system and powered by any of a variety of AC and DC power sources. Furthermore, the LED light may include multiple adjustable-focus projection means that can be removed from and inserted into compartments at desired locations to project images or light beams to multiple locations as desired.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An LED light arranged to accommodate a plurality of special projection assemblies, comprising: at least one projection assembly, wherein each said at least one projection assembly includes a projection assembly housing, at least one LED, an electrical connector, and circuitry for connecting the LED to the electrical connector, said circuitry including one or more of the following electrical components: a sensor, a switch, conductors, and an integrated circuit, said projection assembly housing further containing an image carrying medium, screen, indicia, time display, stencil, LCD screen, or film through which light beams are transmitted from the LED, and a focus adjustment means for adjusting a focus of a projected said image or light beams to provide a desired image clearance, sharpness, size, or brightness; an LED light housing including a plurality of compartments each arranged to receive one said projection assembly, said compartments including mating electrical connectors for establishing an electrical connection with the electrical connector of the projection assembly when the projection assembly is inserted into the compartment, thereby enabling users to change a number of projection assemblies in said LED light by selectively inserting and removing projection assemblies from respective compartments; a power source connected to said electrical connector of said LED light and selected from any of a wall outlet plug, battery, adaptor, transformer, chemical power source, water power source, solar power source, generator, or another energy storage device; and at least one fake projection assembly arranged to fit into said compartments when said projection assembly has been removed, to prevent a user from touching electricity-carrying parts in said LED light housing. 2. An LED light having focus-adjustable projection means for projecting an image or light beams, said focus-adjustable projection means including an image carrying medium, screen, indicia, time display, stencil, LCD screen, or film through which light beams are transmitted from the LED, and a focus adjustment means for adjusting a focus of a projected said image or light beams to provide a desired image clearance, sharpness, size, or brightness; at least one LED and circuitry for connecting the LED to a power source, said circuitry including one or more of the following electrical components: a sensor, a switch, conductors, and an integrated circuit, and said power source selected from any of a wall outlet plug, battery, adaptor, transformer, chemical power source, water power source, solar power source, generator, or another energy storage device; means for mounting said projection means to rotate a desired number of degrees around any combination of axes in a three-dimensional coordinate system to project said image or light beams to a desired location; and fixing means for fixing the LED light to a desired surface. 3. An LED light as claimed in claim 1 or claim 2, wherein said circuitry includes a power saving IC or battery voltage raising circuit. 4. An LED light as claimed in claim 1 or claim 2, wherein said circuitry includes said sensor or switch, and said sensor or switch is any commercially available sensor or switch. 5. An LED light as claimed in claim 1 or claim 2, wherein said focus adjustment means has a focal range that extends from wide angle to telescoping. 6. An LED light as claimed in claim 1 or claim 2, wherein said projection assembly or projection means includes optics means selected from a lens, tubular optics means, light block means, a variety of display units, means for installing said optics means, and conductors to enable said image or light beams to be seen by a viewer with desired clarity, size, or sharpness. 7. An LED light as claimed in claim 1, wherein said LED light housing is rotatable a desired number of degrees around any combination of axes in a three-dimensional coordinate system to project said image or light beams to a desired location. 8. An LED light as claimed in claim 2 or claim 7, wherein said number of degrees is up to 360 degrees. 9. An LED light as claimed in claim 1, wherein said compartments are arranged to facilitate easy assembly and removal of said projection assembly and said fake projection assembly to and from said compartments. 