A solar light collector assembly includes a mirror for concentratedly reflecting solar light; a frame for mounting the mirror; and a clamp arrangement for attaching the mirror to the frame. The clamp arrangement includes at least one base attached to one of the mirror and frame and at least one corresponding clamp attached to the other one of the mirror and frame. The at least one clamp is operative for clamping onto the at least one base to fasten the mirror to the frame.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar light collector assembly comprising: a mirror for concentratedly reflecting solar light; a frame for mounting the mirror; and a clamp arrangement for attaching the mirror to the frame, the clamp arrangement including at least one base attached to one of the mirror and frame, and at least one corresponding clamp attached to, integral with, or unitary with the other one of the mirror and frame, the at least one clamp being operative for clamping onto the at least one base to fasten the mirror to the frame. 2. The solar light collector assembly of claim 1, wherein the at least one base includes at least two clamp surfaces. 3. The solar light collector assembly of claim 1, wherein at least one of the at least two clamp surfaces is beveled. 4. The solar light collector assembly of claim 1, wherein the at least one of the at least two clamp surfaces is oppositely beveled. 5. The solar light collector assembly of claim 1, wherein the at least one base includes two beveled clamp surfaces and two opposing beveled clamp surfaces. 6. The solar light collector assembly of claim 5, wherein at least one of the beveled clamp surfaces and at least one of the opposing beveled clamp surfaces define a protruding edge. 7. The solar light collector assembly of claim 5, wherein the clamp comprises complementary clamping surfaces to the two beveled clamp surfaces and the two opposing beveled clamp surfaces of the base. 8. The solar light collector assembly of claim 6, wherein the clamp comprises a clamp surface complementary to the protruding edge of the clamp surfaces of the base to secure the clamp relative to the base. 9. The solar light collector assembly of claim 1, wherein the at least one clamp includes a fixed clamp arm and a moveable clamp member. 10. The solar light collector assembly of claim 9, wherein the fixed clamp arm includes an inwardly inclined clamp surface. 11. The solar light collector assembly of claim 9, wherein the moveable clamp member includes a clamp surface. 12. The solar light collector assembly of claim 11, wherein the clamp surface is inwardly inclined. 13. The solar light collector assembly of claim 12, wherein moveable clamp member further includes a thumb-screw. 14. The solar light collector assembly of claim 11, wherein moveable clamp member further includes a thumb-screw. 15. The solar light collector assembly of claim 14, wherein the thumb-screw defines the clamp surface. 16. The solar light collector assembly of claim 1, wherein the mirror is trough-shaped. 17. The solar light collector assembly of claim 16, wherein the mirror has a generally parabolic cross-sectional shape. 18. The solar light collector assembly of claim 1, wherein the mirror is formed by a plurality of mirror segments. 19. The solar light collector assembly of claim 1, wherein the frame is a truss frame. 20. The solar light collector assembly of claim 1, wherein the at least one clamp includes a fixed clamp portion for receiving a first portion of the at least one base, the fixed clamp portion of the at least one clamp and first portion of the at least one base cooperating to transfer the weight of the mirror to the frame during installation of the mirror to the frame. 21. The solar light collector assembly of claim 20, wherein the at least one clamp includes a moveable clamp member for biasly engaging a second portion of the at least one base. 22. The solar light collector assembly of claim 1, wherein the at least one base is made from a ceramic. 23. The solar light collector assembly of claim 1, further comprising a ceramic mounting pad disposed between the at least one base and the mirror. 24. The solar light collector assembly of claim 1, wherein the mirror comprises a first reflective side and a second side opposite the first reflective side, wherein the base is attached directly to the mirror on the second side. 25. The solar light collector assembly of claim 1, wherein the base is attached to the mirror, and the clamp is attached to the frame. 26. The solar light collector assembly of claim 1, wherein the clamp comprises a first side clamping to the base, and a second side, opposite the first side, attaching to one of the frame or the mirror, and wherein the base comprises a first side engaging with the clamp, and a second side, opposite the first side, attaching to the other one of the frame or the mirror. 27. The solar light collector according to claim 1, further comprising: an adjustable member operative to apply pressure to at least one of the clamp and the base to secure the clamp relative to the base, wherein: the mirror comprises a first reflective side and a second side opposite the first reflective side, the base is fixed to the second side of the mirror on a first side thereof, the base comprising a second side, opposite the first side, having at least one engaging surface thereon, and the clamp is fixed to the frame on a first side thereof, the clamp comprising a second side, opposite the first side, having at least one engaging surface thereon, said engaging surface complementary to the engaging surface on the second side of the base for securing the second side of the base to the second side of the clamp. 28. A clamp arrangement for attaching a mirror of a solar light collector assembly to a frame of the light collector assembly, the clamp arrangement comprising: at least one base made of ceramic, for attaching to one of the mirror and frame; and at least one corresponding clamp attached to, integral with, or unitary with the other one of the mirror and frame, the at least one clamp being operative for clamping onto the at least one base to fasten the mirror to the frame. 29. A solar power apparatus comprising: a light receiver for carrying a heat transfer fluid; a mirror for concentratedly reflecting solar light at the light receiver to heat the heat transfer fluid; a frame for mounting the mirror; and a clamp arrangement for attaching the mirror to the frame, the clamp arrangement including; at least one base attached to one of the mirror and frame and at least one corresponding clamp attached to the other one of the mirror and frame, the at least one clamp being operative for clamping onto the at least one base to fasten the mirror to the frame. 