An ultrasonic-based apparatus and method for fuel inventory measurements and for the detection and characterization of materials in a fuel tank, including sludge, water, microorganisms and materials of different viscosities and densities that are present in the tank, presented in an easy-to-interpret picture display that can be remotely located from the tank.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An ultrasonic-based fuel inventory monitoring system, capable of measuring fuel levels and detecting and characterizing water and other contaminants in fuel storage tanks, comprising: a transmitting transducer for transmitting an electrical impulse into a tank, the transmitting transducer located on an outer face of a wall of the tank; a receiving transducer for converting the transmitting electrical impulse into a transmitting sound wave and for converting an echo of the transmitting sound wave into a received electrical signal; a receiver for amplifying and transmitting the received electrical signal; and a display console for receiving the received electrical signal, and displaying the received electrical signal as a visual depiction of the contents in the tank; wherein a vertical axis of the transmitting transducer is generally oriented to be perpendicular with the wall of the tank such that the transmitting electrical impulse travels through the wall of the tank; and wherein the receiving transducer comprises a buoyant float device in approximate alignment with the vertical axis of the transmitting transducer for positioning the receiving transducer at a fuel-air interface. 2. The ultrasonic-based fuel inventory monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the receiving transducer is located on an inner face of the wall of the tank. 3. The ultrasonic-based fuel inventory monitoring system of claim 1, wherein a vertical axis of the receiving transducer is generally oriented to be in approximate alignment with the vertical axis of the transmitting transducer to direct the transmitting sound wave toward an inner face of an opposing wall of the tank. 4. The ultrasonic-based fuel inventory monitoring system of claim 1, the receiver measuring a change of strength of the echo, and wherein the echo strength is measured with a frequency sufficient to detect the presence of materials of differing viscosities and densities in the tank. 5. The ultrasonic-based fuel inventory monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the received electrical signal is transmitted wirelessly to the display console, and wherein the display console is located remotely from the tank. 6. The ultrasonic-based fuel inventory monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the display console further comprises a solar-power source and a touch-screen keypad to provide one-touch visual representation of water or contaminants within the tank. 7. The ultrasonic-based fuel inventory monitoring system of claim 6, wherein the properties displayed comprise tank volume, tank inventory, ullage, temperature, water level, leak detection, viscosity and contaminate identification. 8. An ultrasonic-based fuel inventory monitoring system, capable of measuring fuel levels and detecting and characterizing water and other contaminants in fuel storage tanks, comprising: a transmitting transducer located on an outer face of a wall of the tank for transmitting an electrical impulse through the wall and into the tank; a receiving transducer comprising a buoyant float located on an inner face of the wall of the tank for converting the transmitting electrical impulse into a transmitting sound wave and for converting an echo of the transmitting sound wave into a received electrical signal; a receiver for amplifying and transmitting the received electrical signal; and a display console for receiving the received electrical signal and for displaying the received electrical signal as a visual depiction of the contents in the tank. 9. A method of fuel inventory monitoring capable of measuring fuel levels and characterizing and quantifying water and other contaminants in a fuel storage tank, comprising the steps of: a) creating a transmitting electrical impulse; b) converting the transmitting electrical impulse into a transmitting sound wave; c) providing the transmitting sound wave into the tank; d) receiving an echo of the transmitting sound wave; e) converting the echo into a received electrical signal; and f) transforming the received electrical signal into a visual reference of any water or contaminants in the tank; wherein the steps of providing the transmitting sound wave into the tank and receiving the echo comprise providing a receiving transducer comprising a buoyant float device in approximate alignment with the vertical axis of the transmitting transducer for positioning the receiving transducer at a fuel-air interface. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the steps of creating and converting the transmitting electrical impulse comprise providing a transmitting transducer located on an outer face of a wall of the tank, with a vertical axis of the transmitting transducer generally oriented to be perpendicular with the wall of the tank. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the steps of providing the transmitting sound wave into the tank and receiving the echo comprise providing a receiving transducer located on an inner face of the wall of the tank, with a vertical axis of the receiving transducer generally oriented to be in approximate alignment with the vertical axis of the transmitting transducer to direct the transmitting sound wave toward an inner face of an opposing wall of the tank. 