A device for the wire-free determination of a position of a mechanical force-transmitting device, having at least one storage device for storing electrical energy, at least one sensor element which detects the position and is monitored by at least one sensor electronic unit, including at least one radio transmitter, and at least one photovoltaic energy supply device supplying the storage device with electrical energy.
Claims We claim: 1. A detector device for wireless determination of a position of a mechanical force-transmitting device, comprising: at least one storage device for storing electrical energy; at least one sensor element configured to detect the position of the mechanical force-transmitting device; at least one sensor electronic unit configured to monitor the at least one sensor element, the at least one sensor electronic unit comprising at least one radio transmitter; and at least one photovoltaic energy supply device configured to supply the at least one storage device with electrical energy, wherein the detector device is embedded in a mount in a frame of a window, the mount located in an immediate vicinity of the mechanical force-transmitting device; wherein at least one timer circuit is coupled to the storage device and is configured to activate the sensor electronic unit at one of the predetermined time interval and predeterminable time intervals; wherein the at least one photovoltaic energy supply device is embedded in a faceplate; said faceplate arranged around the mechanical force-transmitting device. 2. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the detector device is embedded in the frame in a concealed fashion. 3. The device as claimed in claim 2, wherein the mechanical force-transmitting device is a window handle arranged on the window frame. 4. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the mechanical force-transmitting device is a window handle arranged on the frame. 5. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the sensor element is a magnetic field detector. 6. The device of claim 5, wherein the magnetic field detector is a magnet-actuated reed contact. 7. The device as claimed in claim 6, wherein the sensor element is arranged at an end position of the mechanical force-transmitting device. 8. The device as claimed in claim 6, wherein an actuation of the sensor element activates the sensor electronic unit. 9. The device as claimed in claim 6, wherein the at least one timer circuit is coupled to the storage device and is configured to activate the sensor electronic unit at one of the predetermined time interval and predeterminable time intervals. 10. The device as claimed in claim 5, wherein the sensor element is arranged at an end position of the mechanical force-transmitting device. 11. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the sensor element is arranged at an end position of the mechanical force-transmitting device. 12. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein an actuation of the sensor element activates the sensor electronic unit. 13. The device as claimed in claim 1, where in the storage device is at least one of an electrical capacitor and an electrochemical accumulator. 14. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the storage device is at least one of an electrical capacitor and electrochemical accumulator. 