The portable advertising system of the present invention comprises a body having a first end and a display support, at least one universal attachment system adapted for securing the body to a vehicle proximate the first end, at least one exterior wall arranged to display an advertisement, and the display support securing an illumination source directed towards the at least one exterior wall. The at least one exterior wall and the illumination source may be integrated into an electronic display unit. The at least one exterior wall may also be an advertising sheet composed of vinyl and the illumination source may be a plurality of light emitting diodes. The portable advertising system may include a railroad car arranged to receive the at least one universal attachment system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A first portable advertising system comprising: a first body having a top, a bottom, a first side, a second side, a first end, a second end and a first display support; at least one lower universal attachment system adjacent the bottom; at least one upper universal attachment system adjacent the top; wherein the at least one lower universal attachment system is adapted for securing the bottom of the body to a vehicle and the at least one upper universal attachment system is adapted for removably securing to the top of the first body another body having at least one lower universal attachment system analogous to the at least one lower universal attachment system of the first portable advertising system; at least one exterior wall arranged to display an advertisement; wherein the at least one exterior wall is an advertising sheet; said first display support securing a first illumination source directed towards said at least one exterior wall; an advertising sheet tensioning system having a tension device; a tension sensor; and, wherein said tension device maintains a constant tension force throughout the advertising sheet, said tension sensor monitors the condition of the advertising sheet, and an output of the illumination source is controlled based on the condition of the advertising sheet; wherein the tension sensor prevents operation of the illumination source when there is a tear in the advertising material so that the tension device is unable to maintain a consistent advertising sheet tension. 2. The portable advertising system of claim 1 wherein the at least one exterior wall and the illumination source are integrated into an electronic display unit. 3. The portable advertising system of claim 1 further comprising a frame for supporting the advertising sheet and wherein the advertising sheet is flexible. 4. The portable advertising system of claim 1 further comprising: a vehicle; and, wherein the body is a container having the universal attachment systems and the vehicle retains the container. 5. The portable advertising system of claim 1 wherein the illumination source is one of a plurality of light emitting diodes, an electronic display unit, a liquid crystalline display, and a plasma display. 6. The portable advertising system of claim 1 wherein the at least one exterior wall is two exterior walls arranged to display at least one advertisement. 7. The portable advertising system of claim 6 further comprising an internal cavity at least partially defined by the two exterior walls. 8. The portable advertising system of claim 1 further comprising at least one protective panel proximate the at least one exterior wall and opposite an interior cavity. 9. The portable advertising system of claim 8 wherein the at least one protective panel is secured around an axle and the at least one protective panel and axle are maintained in a rolled state when not in use. 10. The portable advertising system of claim 8 further comprising: a storage area; and, wherein the at least one protective panel is retained within the storage area when not in use. 11. The portable advertising system of claim 1 further comprising: a power generator; and a photo cell; wherein the generator provides electrical power to the first illumination source and the photo cell at least partially controls the illumination source. 12. The portable advertising system of claim 11 wherein the generator is one of a diesel engine, a gasoline engine, and an array of solar panels. 13. The portable advertising system of claim 1 in combination with a second portable advertising system; wherein the first portable advertising system comprises a first self contained power generation and supply system which is mounted on the first body and which provides electrical power to the first illumination source; and the second portable advertising system comprises: a second body having a top, a bottom, a first end and a second display support; at least one exterior wall arranged to display an advertisement; the second display support securing a second illumination source directed towards the at least one exterior wall of the second portable advertising system; a second self contained power generation and supply system which is mounted on the second body and which provides electrical power to the second illumination source; and at least one lower universal attachment system adjacent the bottom of the second body which is removably securable to the at least one upper universal attachment system of the first body so that the second portable advertising system is removably securable and stackable on top of the first portable advertising system. 14. The portable advertising system of claim 1 further comprising: a railroad car having a plurality of wheels and a bed with at least one universal attachment system; and, the bed at least one universal attachment system is arranged to receive the body at least one lower universal attachment system. 15. The portable advertising system of claim 1 wherein the illumination source extends outside of the at least one exterior wall and directs illumination back towards the at least one exterior wall. 16. The system of claim 1 wherein the at least one lower universal attachment system comprises a first universal attachment system adjacent the bottom, first side and first end; a second universal attachment system adjacent the bottom, second side and first end; a third universal attachment system adjacent the bottom, first side and second end; and a fourth universal attachment system adjacent the bottom, second side and second end; wherein the at least one upper universal attachment system comprises a fifth universal attachment system adjacent the top, first side and first end; a sixth universal attachment system adjacent the top, second side and first end; a seventh universal attachment system adjacent the top, first side and second end; and an eighth universal attachment system adjacent the top, second side and second end; and wherein the first, second, third and fourth universal attachment systems are adapted for securing the body to a vehicle and the fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth universal attachment systems are adapted for removably securing to the top of the first body another body having universal attachment systems analogous to those of the first portable advertising system. 17. The system of claim 16 in combination with a second portable advertising system which comprises: a second body having a top, a bottom, a first side, a second side, a first end, a second end and a second display support; at least one exterior wall arranged to display an advertisement; the second display support securing a second illumination source directed towards the at least one exterior wall of the second portable advertising system; a first universal attachment system adjacent the bottom, first side and first end of the second body; a second universal attachment system adjacent the bottom, second side and first end of the second body; a third universal attachment system adjacent the bottom, first side and second end of the second body; a fourth universal attachment system adjacent the bottom, second side and second end of the second body; a fifth universal attachment system adjacent the top, first side and first end of the second body; a sixth universal attachment system adjacent the top, second side and first end of the second body; a seventh universal attachment system adjacent the top, first side and second end of the second body; an eighth universal attachment system adjacent the top, second side and second end of the second body; wherein the first, second, third and fourth universal attachment systems of the second body are respectively removably securable to the fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth universal attachment systems of the second body so that the second portable advertising system is removably securable and stackable on top of the first portable advertising system. 18. The combination of claim 17 wherein the first portable advertising system is substantially identical to the second portable advertising system. 19. The system of claim 1 further comprising an interior chamber defined by the body; a first hinge adjacent the first end; and a first door attached to the body with the first hinge. 20. The system of claim 19 further comprising a second hinge adjacent the first end; a second door attached to the body with the second hinge; wherein the first and second doors enclose the first end of the body. 21. The system of claim 8 wherein the at least one protective panel is formed of one of steel and aluminum. 22. The system of claim 11 wherein the generator is engaged to supply electrical current to the illumination source when the photo cell indicates a low light condition. 23. The system of claim 13 wherein the first portable advertising system is substantially identical to the second portable advertising system. 24. A method of portable advertising comprising the steps of: providing a display support within an interior cavity of a portable container having at least one universal attachment system; powering an illumination source mounted on the container; displaying an advertisement on an advertising sheet mounted on the display support; directing the illumination source towards said advertisement; tensioning the advertising sheet; monitoring the tension in the advertising sheet; and controlling output of the illumination source based on the step of monitoring the tension. 25. The method of claim 24 further comprising the step of mounting the portable container on a railroad car with the at least one universal attachment system. 26. The method of claim 24 wherein the step of tensioning comprises tensioning the advertising sheet with a tensioning device; and the step of controlling comprises preventing operation of the illumination source when there is a tear in the advertising sheet so that the tension device is unable to maintain a consistent advertising sheet tension. 27. The method of claim 24 further comprising the step of moving the container from a first location to a second location; tracking movement of the container from the first location to the second location with a global positioning sensor on the container; selling advertising to be displayed on the advertising sheet based on the container being at the first location; and selling different advertising to be displayed on the advertising sheet based on the container being at the second location. 28. A portable advertising system comprising: a body having a bottom; at least one universal attachment system adapted for securing the bottom of the body to a vehicle; an exterior advertising surface; an illumination source mounted on the body and directed towards the advertising surface; and a protective panel which is external to and covers the advertising surface when the advertising surface is not in use; wherein the protective panel has an open position and a closed position in which the panel covers the advertising surface when the advertising surface is not in use; and further comprising a protective panel open sensor which indicates that the protective panel is in the open position; wherein the illumination source only operates when the open sensor indicates that the protective panel is in the open position. 29. The system of claim 28 wherein the protective panel is formed of one of steel and aluminum. 30. The system of claim 28 further comprising an interior chamber defined by the body; a first hinge; and a first door attached to the body with the first hinge. 31. A portable advertising system comprising: a body having a bottom; at least one universal attachment system adapted for securing the bottom of the body to a vehicle; an exterior advertising surface; an illumination source mounted on the body and directed towards the advertising surface; and a protective panel which is external to and covers the advertising surface when the advertising surface is not in use; wherein the protective panel has an open position and a closed position in which the panel covers the advertising surface when the advertising surface is not in use; and further comprising a protective panel closed sensor which indicates that the protective panel is in the closed position; wherein the illumination source is inactivated in response to the protective panel moving from the open position to the closed position. 32. The system of claim 31 further comprising a protective panel open sensor which indicates that the protective panel is in the open position; wherein the illumination source only operates when the open sensor indicates that the protective panel is in the open position. 33. A first portable advertising system comprising: a first body having a top, a bottom, a first side, a second side, a first end, a second end and a first display support; at least one lower universal attachment system adjacent the bottom; at least one upper universal attachment system adjacent the top; wherein the at least one lower universal attachment system is adapted for securing the bottom of the body to a vehicle and the at least one upper universal attachment system is adapted for removably securing to the top of the first body another body having at least one lower universal attachment system analogous to the at least one lower universal attachment system of the first portable advertising system; at least one exterior wall arranged to display an advertisement; said first display support securing a first illumination source directed towards said at least one exterior wall; at least one protective panel proximate the at least one exterior wall and opposite an interior cavity; wherein the at least one protective panel has an open position and a closed position in which the at least one panel covers the at least one exterior wall; and further comprising a protective panel open sensor which functions to indicate that the at least one protective panel is in the open position; wherein the illumination source only operates when the open sensor indicates that the protective panel is in the open position. 