A flower pot saucer for receiving a flower pot or the like is provided. The flower pot saucer comprises a base having an outer surface and a flat annular top surface angled downward toward the outer surface. A revolving saucer is mounted within top surface of the base with the flower pot positionable upon the revolving saucer. At least one solar panel is positioned on the angled top surface of the base. A motor is mounted within the base and powered only by the solar panel with the motor connected between the solar panel and the revolving saucer and the motor causing the rotation of the revolving saucer wherein the junction of the outer surface and the top surface of the base creates an outer edge and wherein the angling of the top surface of the base allows any liquids or other debris spilled on the top surface to drain off the top surface toward the outer surface and over the outer edge.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A flower pot saucer for receiving a flower pot, the like, the flower pot saucer comprising: a base having an outer surface and a flat annular top surface angled downward toward the outer surface; a revolving saucer mounted within the top surface of the base, the flower pot positionable upon the revolving saucer; at least one solar panel positioned on the angled top surface of the base; a motor mounted within the base and powered only by the solar panel, the motor connected between the solar panel and the revolving saucer, the motor causing the rotation of the revolving saucer; wherein the top surface of the base is free from any apertures; wherein a junction of the outer surface and the top surface of the base creates an outer edge; and wherein the angling of the top surface of the base allows any liquids or other debris spilled on the top surface to drain off the top surface toward the outer surface and over the outer edge. 2. The flower pot saucer of claim 1 wherein the revolving saucer has an annular lip around a perimeter edge, the annular lip creating a recessed area for receiving the flower pot. 3. The flower pot saucer of claim 2 wherein a top surface of the annular lip is flush with the top surface of the base. 4. The flower pot saucer of claim 1 wherein the solar panel is flush with the top surface of the base. 5. The flower pot saucer of claim 1 and further comprising: gearing between the motor and the revolving saucer for the rotation of the revolving saucer. 6. A method for rotating a flower pot, the method comprising: providing a base having an outer surface and a flat annular top surface angled downward toward the outer surface; creating an outer edge at a junction of the top surface and the outer surface mounting a revolving saucer within top surface of the base; positioning at least one solar panel on the angled top surface of the base; maintaining the top surface of the base free from apertures; mounting a motor mounted within the base; powering the solar panel by the motor; rotating the revolving saucer; and draining any liquids or other debris spilled on the top surface down the angled surface toward the outer surface and over the outer edge. 7. The method of claim 6 and further comprising: forming an annular lip around a perimeter edge of the revolving saucer; and creating a recessed area for receiving the flower pot. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein a top surface of the annular lip is flush with the top surface of the base. 9. The method of claim 6 wherein the solar panel is flush with the top surface of the base. 10. The method of claim 6 and further comprising: positioning gearing between the motor and the revolving saucer for the rotation of the revolving saucer. 11. A flower pot saucer for receiving a flower pot, the like, the flower pot saucer comprising: a base having an outer surface and a flat annular top surface angled downward toward the outer surface; a revolving saucer mounted within top surface of the base; an annular lip formed around a perimeter edge of the revolving saucer, the annular lip being flush with the top surface of the base; at least one solar panel positioned on the angled top surface of the base, each solar panel facing completely outward; a motor mounted within the base and powered only by the solar panel, the motor connected between the solar panel and the revolving saucer, the motor causing the rotation of the revolving saucer; wherein a junction of the outer surface and the top surface of the base creates an outer edge; and wherein the angling of the top surface of the base allows any liquids or other debris spilled on the top surface to drain off the top surface toward the outer surface and over the outer edge. 12. The flower pot saucer of claim 11 wherein the annular lip creates a recessed area for receiving the flower pot. 13. The flower pot saucer of claim 11 wherein the solar panel is flush with the top surface of the base. 14. The flower pot saucer of claim 11 and further comprising: gearing between the motor and the revolving saucer for the rotation of the revolving saucer. 15. The flower pot saucer of claim 11 wherein the flower pot saucer is useable in household, commercial, and industrial areas. 