A solar battery module device (14), wherein an bottom-side end part (22) is fixed onto a placing surface (23) by fitting the top-side end part (19) as one-side of a rectangular shape of a rectangular flat plate-like solar battery module (16) to the engagement part (20) of an upper frame (21) forming a frame (17) from the lower side of a roofer and by fitting a fixing cover (27) to a lower frame (24) in a state in which the bottom-side end part (22) as the opposite-side of the rectangular shape of the solar battery module (16) is placed on the placing surface (23) of the lower frame (24) forming the frame (17). According to the solar battery module device of the present invention, operations such as installation work and maintenance and inspections for the device can be easily and safely performed without damaging the solar battery module (16).
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A solar battery module device, comprising: a rectangular plate-shaped solar battery module; and an installing member for installing the solar battery module on a sloping roof, wherein the installing member comprises: an upper frame having an engagement part in which a top-side end of the rectangular plate-shaped solar battery module contacts the upper frame; a lower frame disposed below the upper frame in the sloping direction of the roof and having a placing surface on which a bottom-side end of the rectangular plate-shaped solar battery module is placed, with the top-side end in the engagement part of the upper frame; and a fixing cover detachably mounted on the lower frame for fixing the bottom-side end on the placing surface, wherein the bottom-side end is opposite the top-side end; wherein the lower frame comprises a plate-shaped extended part extending in a downward direction from the rectangular plate-shaped solar battery modules, wherein the fixing cover comprises a plate-shaped mounting part overlapped with the extended part and mounted, and wherein both the extended part and the mounting part are inclined to a surface of the solar battery module. 2. The solar battery module device according to claim 1, wherein the fixing cover has a fixing part abutted against an upper surface and a side end surface of the solar battery module for fixing the solar battery module to the lower frame with the mounting part mounted on the extended part. 3. The solar battery module device according to claim 2, wherein a projection abutted against the end surface of the bottom-side end of the solar battery module is formed on the fixing part. 4. The solar battery module device according to claim 3, wherein the projection has a slant with the end surface of the bottom-side end of the solar battery module. 5. The solar battery module device according to claim 1, wherein a projection abutted against an end surface of the top-side end fitted in the engagement part of the upper frame of the solar battery module is formed on the engagement part. 6. The solar battery module device according to claim 5, wherein the projection has a slant with the end surface of the top-side end of the solar battery module. 7. The solar battery module device according to claim 1, wherein the engagement part of the upper frame has a supporting part abutted against a lower surface of the solar battery module for supporting the top-side end from below, a pressing part located above the supporting part in the sloping direction of the roof and abutted against an upper surface of the top-side end supported from below by the supporting part, and a groove part located at a position above the supporting part in the sloping direction of the roof and opposite to the pressing part and recessed toward the roof compared with the supporting part. 8. The solar battery module device according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the top-side end and the bottom-side end of the solar battery module is mounted on at least one of the upper frame and the lower frame through a conductive fitting integrally formed of a plate material having a plate-shaped upper surface part abutted against the upper surface of the bottom-side end, a plate-shaped lower surface part abutted against the lower surface of the bottom-side end, claw parts respectively extending upward and downward in the thickness direction of a plate from both the upper and lower surface parts, and a connecting part for connecting the upper surface part and the lower surface part. 9. The solar battery module device according to claim 8, wherein the connecting part is a cushioning part elastically deformable. 