A water collection, storage, and distribution system includes one or more individual water storage tanks. Each water storage tank has its own microprocessor that controls the operation of the storage tank so that each storage tank can operate either as a stand-alone storage tank or can be integrated into a series or a daisy chain of storage tanks. Each individual storage tank monitors its water level, its temperature, and its flow rate. When a risk of freezing exists, based on time and temperature, the storage tank can dump water. When the water in the storage tank is approaching stagnation, based on flow rate and time, the storage tank can dump water. When a storage tank is part of a daisy chain of storage tanks, each individual tank monitors not only its own water level but also the water level of the next downstream storage tank and pumps water to the downstream storage tank as required.
Claims We claim: 1. A water collection, storage, and distribution system comprising a plurality of storage tanks arranged in series, each storage tank having: a. primary inlet connected to a water source for receiving water from the water source; b. a secondary inlet for receiving water from an upstream storage tank, if an upstream storage tank is present; c. a primary outlet for connection to the secondary inlet of a downstream storage tank, if a downstream storage tank is present, or for connection to a water utilization system, if a downstream storage tank is absent; d. an alternate outlet; e. a pump for pumping water from the storage tank to either the primary outlet or the alternate outlet; f. a water level sensor for measuring the level of water in the storage tank and producing a water level signal for each storage tank; and g. a microprocessor associated with each storage tank for receiving the water level signal, wherein the microprocessors associated with each storage tank are connected together so that each microprocessor can determine the water level in its connected storage tank and determine the water level of the next downstream storage tank and thereby activate the pump to pump water through the primary outlet to the next downstream storage tank or, if the next downstream storage tank is not full, to activate the pump to pump the water from the storage tank through the alternate outlet if the downstream storage tank is full. 2. The water collection, storage, and distribution system of claim 1, wherein each storage tank further includes a temperature sensor for measuring the temperature of the water in the storage tank and producing a temperature signal, wherein the temperature signal is connected to the microprocessor, and if the microprocessor determines that the water in the storage tank is likely to freeze, the microprocessor activates the pump to pump water from the storage tank through the alternate outlet. 3. The water collection, storage, and distribution system of claim 1, wherein each storage tank further includes a water flow sensor for measuring the flow of water through the storage tank and producing a water flow signal indicative of the flow of water through the storage tank, wherein the water flow signal is connected to the microprocessor, and if the microprocessor determines that the water in the storage tank is about to become stagnant based on the flow of water through the storage tank, the microprocessor activates the pump to pump water from the storage tank through the alternate outlet. 4. The water collection, storage, and distribution system of claim 1, wherein the system further includes a photovoltaic panel associated with each storage tank and connected to the pump, to the microprocessor, or to both the pump and the microprocessor to generate electricity to drive the pump, the microprocessor, or both the pump and the microprocessor. 5. The water collection, storage, and distribution system of claim 1, wherein the system further includes a solar heating system comprising an array of solar absorber panels for capturing heat during daylight hours, a heat sink for storing the capture heat, a heat exchanger for delivering the heat to the water in the storage tank during nighttime hours, and a solar circulation pump for circulating coolant from the absorber panels to the heat sink and to the heat exchanger. 6. A water storage tank for a water collection, storage, and distribution system, the water storage tank comprising: a. an inlet for receiving water into the storage tank from a source of water; b. a primary outlet for discharging water from the storage tank to a downstream storage tank or a water utilization system; c. an alternate outlet for discharging water from the storage tank to an alternate destination; d. a pump for pumping the water out of the storage tank through the primary outlet or the alternate outlet; and e. a water level monitoring system for controlling the operation of the pump comprising: i. water level sensor for measuring the water level in the storage tank and producing a water level signal for the storage tank; ii. a microprocessor for receiving the water level signal indicative of the water level in the downstream storage tank; wherein the microprocessor activates the pump to pump water from the storage tank to the downstream storage tank through the primary outlet when the downstream storage tank is not full and to pump water from the storage tank to the alternate destination through the alternate outlet when the downstream storage tank is full. 7. The water storage tank of claim 6, wherein the storage tank further includes a temperature sensor for measuring the temperature of the water in the storage tank and producing a temperature signal, wherein the temperature signal is connected to the microprocessor, and if the microprocessor determines that the water in the storage tank is likely to freeze, the microprocessor activates the pump to pump water from the storage tank through the alternate outlet. 8. The water storage tank of claim 6, wherein the storage tank further includes a water flow sensor for measuring the flow of water through the storage tank and producing a water flow signal indicative of the flow of water through the storage tank, wherein the water flow signal is connected to the microprocessor, and if the microprocessor determines that the water in the storage tank is about to become stagnant based on the flow of water through the storage tank, the microprocessor activates the pump to pump water from the storage tank through the alternate outlet. 9. The water storage tank of claim 6, wherein the storage tank further includes a photovoltaic panel associated with the storage tank and connected to the pump, to the microprocessor, or to both the pump and the microprocessor to generate electricity to drive the pump, the microprocessor, or both the pump and the microprocessor. 10. The water storage tank of claim 6, wherein the storage tank further includes a solar heating system comprising an array of solar absorber panels for capturing heat during daylight hours, a heat sink for storing the capture heat, a heat exchanger for delivering the heat to the water in the storage tank during nighttime hours, and a solar circulation pump for circulating coolant from the absorber panels to the heat sink and to the heat exchanger. 11. A smart water pump for a water storage tank comprising: a. a pump intake for receiving water the storage tank; b. a primary outlet for discharging water from the storage tank to a downstream storage tank or a water utilization system; c. an alternate outlet for discharging water from the storage tank to an alternate destination; d. a pump for drawing water through the pump intake and for pumping the water out of the storage tank through the primary outlet or the alternate outlet; and e. a water level monitoring system for controlling the operation of the pump comprising: i. water level sensor for measuring the water level in the storage tank and producing a water level signal for the storage tank; ii. a microprocessor for receiving the water level signal indicative of the water level in the downstream storage tank; wherein the microprocessor activates the pump to draw water through the pump intake and to pump water from the storage tank to the downstream storage tank through the primary outlet when the downstream storage tank is not full and to pump water from the storage tank to the alternate destination through the alternate outlet when the downstream storage tank is full. 12. The smart water pump of claim 11, wherein the smart pump further includes a temperature sensor for measuring the temperature of the water in the storage tank and producing a temperature signal, wherein the temperature signal is connected to the microprocessor, and if the microprocessor determines that the water in the storage tank is likely to freeze, the microprocessor activates the pump to draw water through the pump intake and to pump water from the storage tank through the alternate outlet. 13. The smart water pump of claim 11, wherein the smart pump further includes a water flow sensor for measuring the flow of water through the storage tank and producing a water flow signal indicative of the flow of water through the storage tank, wherein the water flow signal is connected to the microprocessor, and if the microprocessor determines that the water in the storage tank is about to become stagnant based on the flow of water through the storage tank, the microprocessor activates the pump to draw water through the pump intake and to pump water from the storage tank through the alternate outlet. 14. The smart water pump of claim 11, wherein the smart pump further includes a photovoltaic panel connected to the pump, to the microprocessor, or to both the pump and the microprocessor to generate electricity to drive the pump, the microprocessor, or both the pump and the microprocessor. 15. The smart water pump of claim 11, wherein the smart pump further includes a solar heating system comprising an array of solar absorber panels for capturing heat during daylight hours, a heat sink for storing the capture heat, a heat exchanger for delivering the heat to the water in the storage tank during nighttime hours, and a solar circulation pump for circulating coolant from the absorber panels to the heat sink and to the heat exchanger. 