An apparatus comprises switches, a measurement unit, and a telemetry subsystem. The switches connect the current sources to a power bus when in a first position and to the measurement unit when the switches are in a second position. The measurement unit generates a ramp signal to control the solar strings from an open circuit state to a short circuit state linearly in a short duration and provides continuous current and voltage telemetry data at the output while the set of switches is in the second position. The telemetry subsystem is pre-set to a dwell mode and samples a large amount of voltage and current telemetry data. The telemetry subsystem transmits this data to ground directly to eliminate the need for processing and storage resources in the spacecraft. The telemetry data is used to plot I-V curve for health monitoring.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus comprising: a set of switches capable of switching a set of current sources; a measurement unit having an input and a telemetry output, wherein the input is connected to the set of switches; and a telemetry subsystem connected to the telemetry output in the measurement unit, wherein the telemetry subsystem is capable of sampling telemetry data from the telemetry output, the set of switches is capable of connecting the set of current sources to a power bus when the set of switches is in a first position, the set of switches is capable of connecting the set of current sources to the measurement unit when the set of switches is in a second position, and the measurement unit is capable of generating a plurality of continuous current and voltage measurements to form the telemetry data at the telemetry output while the set of switches is in the second position. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: the set of current sources. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the telemetry subsystem is capable of sampling more telemetry data on fewer telemetry outputs in a dwell mode. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the measurement unit comprises: a voltage regulator; a voltage measurement circuit; a current measurement circuit; and a control circuit. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the voltage measurement circuit comprises a gain amplifier measuring a voltage from a voltage divider. 6. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the current measurement circuit comprises a gain amplifier measuring a voltage across a resistor. 7. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the control circuit comprises: a controller, wherein the controller is capable of generating a linear ramp signal; and a transistor having a gate connected to the controller, a drain connected to the high side of a current source through a switch, and a source connected to a resistor which returns to the low side of a current source, wherein the controller is capable of controlling the drain of the transistor to vary a voltage of the current source linearly from an open circuit state to a short circuit state when the set of switches is in the second position to generate the voltage measurements by the voltage measurement circuit and current measurements by the current measurement circuit. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the controller circuit further comprises: a ramp generator capable of generating the linear ramp signal. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the set of current sources is at least one of a set of solar arrays, a set of solar strings, and a set of solar cells. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the input of the measurement unit comprises a voltage regulator capable of receiving power to initiate the plurality of continuous current and voltage measurements for the current source. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the set of current sources is a portion of all of the current sources. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the measurement unit makes the plurality of current and voltage measurements during a period of time when a temperature of the set of current sources does not change more than a selected amount. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the current and voltage measurements generated by the measurement unit is continuous during a period of time. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the voltage and current measurements are initiated in the measurement unit in response to the set of switches switching a set of current sources to the measurement unit in the second position. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein set of current sources are connected to the power bus to supply power to a set of loads when the set of switches are all in the first position. 16. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: a spacecraft, wherein the set of switches, the power bus, the measurement unit, and the telemetry subsystem are located in the spacecraft. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the set of switches, the power bus, the measurement unit, and the telemetry unit are located in one of a satellite, spacecraft, a space shuttle, an aircraft, a ship, a vehicle, an office building, and a power plant. 18. A current and voltage measurement system for a spacecraft comprising: a set of switches capable of receiving current from a plurality of current sources for the spacecraft and capable of selecting a set of current sources from the plurality of current sources; a power bus connected to a first output in the set of switches; a measurement unit having a voltage measurement circuit, a current measurement circuit, an input, and a telemetry output, wherein the input is connected to a second output of the set of switches, wherein the measurement unit generates a plurality of continuous current and voltage measurements to form telemetry data at the telemetry output while the set of switches is in the second position during a period of time when a temperature of the plurality of current sources does not change in more than a selected amount; and a telemetry subsystem connected to a telemetry output in the measurement unit, wherein the telemetry subsystem is capable of sampling the telemetry data from the telemetry output in a dwell mode, wherein the set of switches has an input connected to the set of current sources, wherein the set of switches connects the set of current sources to the power bus when the set of switches is in a first position, the set of switches connects the set of current sources to the power bus, and wherein the set of switches connect the set of current sources to the measurement unit when the set of switches is in a second position. 19. A method for monitoring current and voltage for a set of current sources, the method comprising: changing a position of a set of switches from a first position to a second position, wherein the set of switches connects the set of current sources to a measurement unit when the set of switches is in the second position; generating a plurality of current measurements and a plurality of voltage measurements for the current with the set of switches in the second position for a period of time during which a temperature of the set of current sources does not change in more than a selected amount; collecting the plurality of current measurements and the plurality of voltage measurements with a telemetry subsystem in a dwell mode to form current and voltage data; and transmitting the current and voltage data to a remote location over a wireless communications link. 20. The method of claim 19 further comprising: analyzing the current and voltage data at the remote location to determine a health of the set of current sources. 21. The method of claim 19 further comprising: generating a current voltage graph from the current and voltage data. 22. The method of claim 19, wherein the method is performed in a spacecraft. 23. The method of claim 19, wherein the period of time is within a defined period of time during which the set of current sources is controlled to transition from an open circuit state to a short circuit state. 