Some embodiments of the present invention describe an apparatus that includes an oscillator, a ramp generator, and an inverter. The apparatus includes an oscillator, an inverter, and a ramp generator. The oscillator is configured to generate a waveform comprising a low time and a high time. The inverter is configured to receive the waveform generated by the oscillator, and invert the waveform. The ramp generator configured to increase a gate control voltage of a transistor connected to a solar cell, and rapidly decrease the gate control voltage of the transistor. During the low time of the waveform, a measurement of a current and a voltage of the solar cell is performed as the current and voltage of the solar cell are transmitted through a first channel and to a second channel. During the high time of the waveform, a measurement of a current of a shorted cell and a voltage reference is performed as the current of the shorted cell and the voltage reference are transmitted through the first channel and the second channel.
Claims We claim: 1. An apparatus for in-situ monitoring of solar cells, comprising: an oscillator that generates a waveform comprising a low time and a high time; an inverter that receives the waveform generated by the oscillator, and inverts the waveform; and a ramp generator that increases a gate control voltage of a transistor connected to a solar cell, and then rapidly decreases the gate control voltage of the transistor, wherein, during the low time of the waveform, a measurement of a current and a voltage of the solar cell is performed as the current and voltage of the solar cell are transmitted through a first channel and to a second channel, and wherein, during the high time of the waveform, a measurement of a current of a shorted solar cell and a voltage reference is performed as the current of the shorted solar cell and the voltage reference are transmitted through the first channel and the second channel. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the low time is longer than the high time, and wherein the low time has a duration of approximately 880 milliseconds, and the high time has a duration of approximately 120 milliseconds. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein, during the low time of the waveform, the ramp generator is configured to progressively increase the gate control voltage of the transistor from approximately 2 volts to a threshold voltage of approximately 6.24 volts to switch the transistor to a fully conductive state. 4. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein, during the high time of the waveform, the ramp generator is configured to decrease the gate control voltage of the transistor to approximately 0 volts. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the inverted waveform comprises an inverted high time longer than the inverted low time, and wherein the inverted high time has a duration of approximately 880 milliseconds, and the inverted low time has a duration of approximately 120 milliseconds. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein, during the inverted high time of the inverted waveform, a first set of switches are turned on to transmit the current and voltage of the solar cell through the first and second channel. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein, during the high time of the waveform, a second set of switches are turned on to transmit the current of the shorted cell and the voltage reference through the first and second channel. 8. An apparatus for in-situ monitoring of solar cells, comprising: an oscillator operatively connected to a first set of switches and a second set of switches, and to that outputs a waveform with a low time and a high time; an inverter operatively connected to the oscillator, and that inverts the waveform received from the oscillator; a ramp generator operatively connected to the oscillator, and that increases a gate control voltage of a first transistor and then rapidly decreases the gate control voltage of the first transistor; and a solar cell string comprising a first node operatively connected to a drain of the first transistor, and a second node operatively connected to a source of the first transistor via a first resistor, wherein, when the ramp generator increases the gate control voltage of the first transistor, the solar cell string is subjected to a decreasing resistance of the first transistor to monitor a voltage and a current of the solar cell string. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the ramp generator increases the gate control voltage of the first transistor to a threshold voltage of 6.24 volts during the low time of 880 milliseconds. 10. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the ramp generator decreases the gate control voltage of the first transistor from a threshold voltage to a maximum off voltage of approximately 0 volts during the high time of 120 milliseconds. 11. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the increase of the gate control voltage and the decrease of the gate control voltage of the first transistor occur during a sweeping period of 1000 milliseconds. 12. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising: a first difference amplifier operatively connected to the solar cell string, and that outputs a voltage during a sweeping period, wherein the outputted voltage is a difference between a voltage received at a positive input of the first difference amplifier and a voltage received at a negative input of the first difference amplifier, wherein, during the sweeping period, the voltage outputted from the first difference amplifier remains constant, and outputting a voltage from a first difference amplifier, the outputted voltage is a difference between a voltage received at a positive input of the first difference amplifier and a voltage received at a negative input of the first difference amplifier, wherein the outputted voltage from the first difference amplifier remains constant, and the amplifier presents substantially no load to the apparatus. 13. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising: a second difference amplifier operatively connected to the first resistor, and configured to receive a voltage from the first resistor, and output an amplified voltage proportional to the current of the solar cell string, wherein the voltage from the first resistor is analogous to a current from the solar cell string during a sweeping period. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein, when the ramp generator increases the gate control voltage of the first transistor, the current from the solar cell string is increased, and the voltage across the first resistor is simultaneously increased. 15. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising: a third difference amplifier operatively connected to a solar cell via a second resistor, and configured to output a voltage received from the second resistor based on a static current provided from a shorted solar cell. 16. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising: a voltage divider comprising a third resistor and a fourth resistor, wherein the third resistor and fourth resistor are configured to divide a voltage generated by a power supply into half, and to measure the voltage of the power supply during the high time of the waveform. 17. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the first set of switches operatively connect to a first channel and a second channel, and wherein, when the inverted waveform outputted from the oscillator is at a high time, the first set of switches are configured to close to allow voltages from a first difference amplifier and a second difference amplifier to be outputted through the first and second channels. 18. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the second set of switches operatively connect to a first channel and a second channel, and wherein, when the waveform outputted from the oscillator is at the high time, the second set of switches are configured to close to allow voltages from a third difference amplifier and a voltage divider to be outputted through the first and second channels. 19. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising: a power down load that comprises a second transistor, a fifth resistor, and a power down detector, and wherein the power down load provides a load to the solar cell string when power is removed from the apparatus. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the power down detector is configured to detect when power is removed from the apparatus. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein, when the power is removed from the apparatus, the fifth resistor is configured to activate the second transistor and to load the solar cell string, and wherein the fifth resistor is a 12 ohm resistor. 22. A method for in-situ monitoring of solar cells, comprising: generating a waveform comprising a low time and a high time; receiving the waveform from an oscillator, and inverting the waveform; increasing a gate control voltage of a transistor connected to a solar cell, and then rapidly decreasing the gate control voltage of the transistor; measuring, during the low time of the waveform, a current and a voltage of the solar cell as the current and voltage of the solar cell are transmitted through a first channel and to a second channel; and measuring, during the high time of the waveform, a current of a shorted cell and a voltage reference as the current of the shorted cell and the voltage reference are transmitted through the first channel and the second channel. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the low time is longer than the high time, and wherein the low time is 880 milliseconds, and the high time is 120 milliseconds. 24. The method of claim 22, wherein the inverted waveform comprises an inverted high time longer than the inverted low time, and wherein the inverted high time is 880 milliseconds, and the inverted low time is 120 milliseconds. 25. The method of claim 24, further comprising: turning on, during the inverted high time of the inverted waveform, a first set of switches to transmit the current and voltage of the solar cell through the first and second channel. 26. The method of claim 23, wherein, during the low time of the waveform, the increasing of the gate control voltage is from 2 volts to a threshold voltage of 6.24 volts to switch the transistor to a fully conductive state. 27. The method of claim 23, wherein, during the high time of the waveform, the gate control voltage is decreased to approximately 0 volts. 28. The method of claim 22, further comprising: turning on, during the high time of the waveform, a second set of switches to transmit the current of the shorted cell and the voltage reference through the first and second channel. 29. A method for in-situ monitoring of solar cells, comprising: outputting a waveform with a low time and a high time; inverting the waveform received from an oscillator; increasing a gate control voltage of a first transistor, and then decreasing the gate control voltage of the first transistor; and subjecting a solar cell string to a decreasing resistance and monitoring a voltage and a current of the solar cell string by increasing the gate control voltage of the first transistor, which is connected to the solar cell string. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein the increasing the gate control voltage of the first transistor is to a threshold voltage of 6.24 volts during a low time of 880 milliseconds. 31. The method of claim 29, further comprising: outputting a voltage from a first difference amplifier, the outputted voltage is a difference between a voltage received at a positive input of the first difference amplifier and a voltage received at a negative input of the first difference amplifier, wherein the outputted voltage from the first difference amplifier remains constant, and outputting a voltage from a first difference amplifier, the outputted voltage is a difference between a voltage received at a positive input of the first difference amplifier and a voltage received at a negative input of the first difference amplifier, wherein the outputted voltage from the first difference amplifier remains constant, and the amplifier presents substantially no load to the apparatus. 32. The method of claim 29, further comprising: receiving a voltage from a first resistor; and outputting, from a second difference amplifier, an amplified voltage proportional to the current of the solar cell string, wherein the voltage from the first resistor is analogous to a current from the solar cell string during a sweeping period. 33. The method of claim 32, further comprising: increasing the current from the solar cell string, and simultaneously increasing the voltage across the first resistor, when the gate control voltage of the first transistor is increased. 34. The method of claim 29, further comprising: outputting, from a third difference amplifier, a voltage received from a second resistor based on a static current provided from a shorted solar cell. 35. The method of claim 29, further comprising: dividing, by a voltage divider, a voltage generated by a power supply into half; and measuring the voltage of the power supply during the high time of the waveform. 36. The method of claim 29, further comprising: closing the first set of switches to allow voltages from a first difference amplifier and a second difference amplifier flow through the first and second channels, when the inverted waveform outputted from the oscillator is at a high time. 37. The method of claim 29, further comprising: closing the second set of switches to allow voltages from a third difference amplifier and a voltage divider flow through to the first and second channels, respectively, when the waveform outputted from the oscillator is at the high time. 38. The method of claim 29, further comprising: activating a second transistor when power is removed from an apparatus; and providing a load, from the second transistor, to the solar cell string via a 12 ohm resistor. 39. An apparatus for in-situ monitoring of solar cells configured to measure a plurality of measurement variables on two channels, the apparatus comprising: a clock generator that generates a waveform operating at a frequency of one cycle per second; a ramp generator that increases a gate control voltage on a transistor connected to a solar cell and decrease the gate control voltage connected to the transistor; and a switch that allows the ramp generator to increase the gate control voltage of the transistor, and to that allows current and voltage measurements on the two channels, during a long period of the cycle, wherein the switch is further configured to allow the ramp generator to decrease the gate control voltage, and to allow a current of a shorted cell and a voltage reference to be measured on the two channels, during a short period of the cycle. 