The double-deck covered roadway (5) has an upper road (30) for light vehicle traffic and a lower road (25) for heavy, industrial vehicle traffic. The roadway is an intelligent system, having an access control computer (ACC) (55) limiting access of the roadways to the appropriate vehicles. Signal emitters, receivers and/or repeaters (40) for microwave, cell phones short-range radio, or the like may be provided. The roadway is covered, and has a slanted roof structure (7). Solar panels (10) are disposed atop the slanted roof structure (7). Spindles (8) may be provided that can pull off or pull on an optional protective cover for the solar panels (10). An indoor services module (50) houses the ACC (55) and other service systems. The underside of the upper roadway (30) can provide attached or embedded monitoring systems, road lighting, signal light boards (60) to communicate with drivers, etc.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A double-deck covered roadway, comprising: a lower road and an upper road disposed above the lower road; means for separating traffic flow of a first classification of vehicle to the lower roadway and traffic flow of a second distinct classification of vehicle to the upper roadway; a services module disposed above the upper road, the services module having a services module floor; a slanted roof disposed above the services module; information display boards disposed above, and visible to, the traffic flow on both the lower road and the upper road; an access control computer disposed in the services module, the access control computer being connected to the information display boards to provide traffic information and direction to vehicles in the upper and lower traffic flow; a plurality of solar power panels disposed on the slanted roof, the solar power panels providing electric power for the services module; a scannable device adapted for being disposed on a portion of each of the vehicles in the traffic flow; scanners disposed to scan the scannable device as vehicles in the traffic flow enter and pass through the upper and lower roads, the scanners being connected to the access control computer, the access control computer having means for directing groups of individual vehicles into a desired traffic pattern in real time based on scannable device information relayed to the access control computer; electronic sensor circuitry disposed in proximity to the roadway, the electronic sensor circuitry monitoring the vehicles in the traffic flow for compliance of traffic and noise rules; wherein the electronic sensor circuitry is capable of detecting a vehicle in violation of the traffic and noise rules; and a control system connected to the electronic sensor circuitry, the control system directing the traffic flow into a pattern that enables the vehicle in violation of the traffic and noise rules to be trapped and apprehended. 2. The double-deck covered roadway according to claim 1, further comprising: indicators disposed in the roadway, the indicators dividing the roadway into a plurality of lanes, each lane being designated for a specific type of traffic modality. 3. The double-deck covered roadway according to claim 2, wherein one of the lanes is restricted to non-automotive vehicles for the disabled. 4. The double-deck covered roadway according to claim 2, wherein one of the lanes is restricted to human-powered vehicles. 5. The double-deck covered roadway according to claim 2, wherein one of the lanes is restricted to motorcycles. 6. The double-deck covered roadway according to claim 1, further comprising: a plurality of spindles; and protective covers attached to the plurality of spindles, the spindles removably placing the protective covers over the solar panels. 7. The double-deck covered roadway according to claim 1, further comprising a plurality of vertical support columns, each of the vertical support columns extending upward from the lower road to support the upper road and to support the services module floor. 8. The double-deck covered roadway according to claim 1, further comprising: at least one central support column; and a rail car system disposed on either side of the at least one central support column. 9. The double-deck covered roadway according to claim 1, further comprising roadway landscaping adjacent to the structure. 10. The double-deck covered roadway according to claim 1, further comprising: supports for wind-powered generators, the supports being attached to the roof; wind-powered generators attached to the wind-powered generator supports, the wind-powered generators supplying power to the services module. 11. The double-deck covered roadway according to claim 1, further comprising wireless telecommunications equipment disposed on the roof. 12. The double-deck covered roadway according to claim 1, further comprising: a catchment storage system; and a water pump, the water pump being operably connected to the catchment storage system. 13. The double-deck covered roadway according to claim 1, further comprising a banner display mechanism disposed along sidewalls of the upper deck, the banner display mechanism displaying notices to users of the roadway. 14. The double-deck covered roadway according to claim 1, further comprising: a package conveyor system disposed in the services module. 15. A double-deck covered roadway, comprising: a lower road and an upper road disposed above the lower road; means for separating traffic flow of a first classification of vehicle to the lower roadway and traffic flow of a second distinct classification of vehicle to the upper roadway; a services module disposed above the upper road, the services module having a services module floor; a slanted roof disposed above the services module; information display boards disposed above, and visible to, the traffic flow on both the lower road and the upper road; a banner display mechanism disposed along sidewalls of the upper deck, the banner display mechanism displaying notices to users of the roadway; an access control computer disposed in the services module, the access control computer being connected to the information display boards to provide traffic information and direction to vehicles in the upper and lower traffic flow; a scannable device adapted for being disposed on a portion of each of the vehicles in the traffic flow; scanners disposed to scan the scannable device as vehicles in the traffic flow enter and pass through the upper and lower roads, the scanners being connected to the access control computer, the access control computer having means for directing groups of individual vehicles into a desired traffic pattern in real time based on scannable device information relayed to the access control computer; electronic sensor circuitry disposed in proximity to the roadway, the electronic sensor circuitry monitoring the vehicles in the traffic flow for compliance of traffic and noise rules; wherein the electronic sensor circuitry is capable of detecting a vehicle in violation of the traffic and noise rules; and a control system connected to the electronic sensor circuitry, the control system directing the traffic flow into a pattern that enables the vehicle in violation of the traffic and noise rules to be trapped and apprehended. 16. The double-deck covered roadway according to claim 15, further comprising a plurality of solar power panels disposed on the slanted roof, the solar power panels providing electric power for the services module. 17. A double-deck covered roadway, comprising: a lower road and an upper road disposed above the lower road; means for separating traffic flow of a first classification of vehicle to the lower roadway and traffic flow of a second distinct classification of vehicle to the upper roadway; a services module disposed above the upper road, the services module having a services module floor; a slanted roof disposed above the services module; information display boards disposed above, and visible to, the traffic flow on both the lower road and the upper road; an access control computer disposed in the services module, the access control computer being connected to the information display boards to provide traffic information and direction to vehicles in the upper and lower traffic flow; a scannable device adapted for being disposed on a portion of each of the vehicles in the traffic flow; scanners disposed to scan the scannable device as vehicles in the traffic flow enter and pass through the upper and lower roads, the scanners being connected to the access control computer, the access control computer having means for directing groups of individual vehicles into a desired traffic pattern in real time based on scannable device information relayed to the access control computer; electronic sensor circuitry disposed in proximity to the roadway, the electronic sensor circuitry monitoring the vehicles in the traffic flow for compliance of traffic and noise rules; wherein the electronic sensor circuitry is capable of detecting a vehicle in violation of the traffic and noise rules; and a control system connected to the electronic sensor circuitry, the control system directing the traffic flow into a pattern that enables the vehicle in violation of the traffic and noise rules to be trapped and apprehended. 18. The double-deck covered roadway according to claim 17, further comprising a plurality of solar power panels disposed on the slanted roof, the solar power panels providing electric power for the services module. 