A mounting system is provided for supporting equipment such as solar module arrays on a rooftop or other underlying surface. The mounting system includes a pipe, and a grasp section. These couple to a base that is extended into or otherwise integrated with the underlying surface. The pipe may be coupled so as to extend a height from the underlying surface. The grasp section is coupled to a top section of the pipe and is structured to secure to a section of the solar module array when the solar module array is installed on the underlying surface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mounting system for supporting equipment on an underlying surface, the mounting system comprising: a base that includes a foot that secures to the underlying surface; an extension section that includes one or more members, including a pipe, the extension section being connected to the base so as to extend a height from the underlying surface; and a grasp section that is connected to a top section of the extension section and is structured to secure to a section of the equipment when the equipment is installed on the underlying surface; a first wedged-shaped member and a second wedged-shaped member, the first wedged-shaped member extending from the foot, and the second wedged-shaped section being dimensioned to fit within the pipe, wherein the first wedged-shaped section and the second wedged-shaped section combine to secure the pipe to the foot. 2. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the grasp section is pivotal about the extension section to enable angular adjustment of the section of the equipment that it secures. 3. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the underlying surface is a rooftop, and wherein the base includes a foot that penetrates at least a section of the rooftop. 4. The mounting system of claim 3, wherein the base includes one or more flashing structures to deter water. 5. The mounting system of claim 4, wherein the extension section includes a skirt that is structured to divert water and to form a counter-flash with the one or more flashing structures of the base. 6. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the underlying surface is a rooftop, and wherein the base section includes a foot that penetrates at least a section of the rooftop, and wherein the pipe connects to the foot by a first type of securement. 7. The mounting system of claim 6, wherein the pipe is pivotally coupled to the grasp section. 8. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the extension section includes an adjustable support member that is pivotally connected to the pipe and is adjustable in a linear dimension to enable a section of the equipment that is being supported to be moved upwards or downwards. 9. The mounting system of claim 8, wherein the extension section comprises a top section and a bottom section that telescope in order to alter the linear dimension. 10. An installed and mounted solar module system comprising: a solar module array comprising a plurality of solar modules; a mounting system for supporting the solar module array on an underlying surface, the mounting system providing a plurality of mounting points, wherein at one or more of the plurality of mounting points, the mounting system comprises: a foot that is structured to secure to the underlying surface; a pipe coupled to the base so as to extend a height from the underlying surface; a grasp that is coupled to a top section of pipe and is structured to secure to a section of the equipment when the equipment is installed on the underlying surface; and a star-shaped clamping sub-system to connect the pipe to the foot; wherein the star-shaped clamping sub-system comprises a star shaped washer and a bolt, wherein the star-shaped washer is structured to mate with the bolt and to expand radially when mated with the bolt; wherein the bolt is positioned to extend into the foot, and wherein the star-shaped washer is dimensioned to (i) fit within the pipe until mated, and (ii) to retain the pipe securely with the foot when expanded radially from within the pipe. 11. The installed system of claim 10, wherein the system is installed by adjusting one or more of (i) an angle of the grasp, or (ii) a dimension that the pipe extends from the underlying surface. 12. The installed system of claim 10, wherein the system is installed by first installing the mounting system, and then adjusting one or more components of the installed mounting system to receive the solar module array. 13. A mounting system for supporting solar module array on an underlying surface, the mounting system comprising: a pipe that couples to a base, the base being provided on the underlying surface, wherein the pipe is coupled to extend a height from the underlying surface; a grasp section that is coupled to a top section of the pipe and is structured to secure to a section of the solar module array when the solar module array is installed on the underlying surface; and wherein the pipe and the base provide or are coupled to a wedged-shaped sub-assembly for enabling the pipe and the base to be coupled to one another. 14. The system of claim 13, further comprising the base, wherein the base is installed into the underlying surface and includes one or more flashing features. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the grasp section includes a skirt feature that forms a counter-flash for the one or more flashing features of the base. 16. A mounting system for supporting equipment on an underlying surface, the mounting system comprising: a base that includes a foot that secures to the underlying surface; an extension section that includes one or more members, including a pipe, the extension section being connected to the base so as to extend a height from the underlying surface; and a grasp section that is connected to a top section of the extension section and is structured to secure to a section of the equipment when the equipment is installed on the underlying surface; a star-shaped clamping sub-system to connect the pipe to the foot; wherein the star-shaped clamping sub-system comprises a star shaped washer and a bolt, wherein the star-shaped washer is structured to mate with the bolt and to expand radially when mated with the bolt; wherein the bolt is positioned to extend into the foot, and wherein the star-shaped washer is dimensioned to (i) fit within the pipe until mated, and (ii) to retain the pipe securely with the foot when expanded radially from within the pipe. 17. The mounting system of claim 16, wherein the grasp section is pivotal about the extension section to enable angular adjustment of the section of the equipment that it secures. 18. The mounting system of claim 16, wherein the foot penetrates at least a section of the underlying surface. 19. The mounting system of claim 18, wherein the base includes one or more flashing structures to deter water. 20. The mounting system of claim 19, wherein the extension section includes a skirt that is structured to divert water and to form a counter-flash with the one or more flashing structures of the base. 21. The mounting system of claim 16, wherein the pipe of the extension section connects to the foot by a first type of securement. 22. The mounting system of claim 21, wherein the pipe is pivotally coupled to the grasp section. 23. The mounting system of claim 16, wherein the extension section includes an adjustable support member, wherein the adjustable support member is pivotally connected to the pipe and is adjustable in a linear dimension to enable a section of the equipment that is being supported to move upwards or downwards. 24. The mounting system of claim 23, wherein the extension section comprises a top section and a bottom section that telescope in order to alter the linear dimension. 25. A mounting system for supporting solar module array on an underlying surface, the mounting system comprising: a pipe that couples to a base, the base being provided on the underlying surface, wherein the pipe is coupled to extend a height from the underlying surface; a grasp section that is coupled to a top section of the pipe and is structured to secure to a section of the solar module array when the solar module array is installed on the underlying surface; and wherein the pipe and the base are coupled using a star-shaped washer; wherein the star-shaped clamping sub-system comprises a star shaped washer and a bolt, wherein the star-shaped washer is structured to mate with the bolt and to expand radially when mated with the bolt; wherein the bolt is positioned to extend into the foot, and wherein the star-shaped washer is dimensioned to (i) fit within the pipe until mated, and (ii) to retain the pipe securely with the foot when expanded radially from within the pipe. 26. An installed and mounted solar module system comprising: a solar module array comprising a plurality of solar modules; a mounting system for supporting the solar module array on an underlying surface, the mounting system providing a plurality of mounting points, wherein at one or more of the plurality of mounting points, the mounting system comprises: a foot that is structured to secure to the underlying surface; a pipe coupled to the base so as to extend a height from the underlying surface; a grasp that is coupled to a top section of pipe and is structured to secure to a section of the equipment when the equipment is installed on the underlying surface; and wherein the pipe and the base provide or are coupled to a wedged-shaped sub-assembly for enabling the pipe and the base to be coupled to one another. 