Embodiments of a vertical aquaponic micro farm are described. The vertical aquaponic micro farm is designed to support and incorporate a variety of food growing and alternative energy devices, and can be used to grow plants, fish, and other similar organisms. The system incorporates a biologically active grow mat and filter system and combines a biological filter system with aquaculture, hydroponics, solar, wind, and battery technologies. The vertical aquaponic garden/farm represents a self-sustaining micro farm that can be set up in any area with exposure to sunlight and/or wind. It can be used in exterior locations, or interior applications with the addition of appropriate lighting systems. Depending on application, the system uses significantly less water that required for traditional farming. Water is recycled through the grow mat media bed (bio-mat) and a biologic filter, which can be inoculated with a culture of nitrifying bacteria in combination with the plant roots. This system eliminates nitrogen waste by metabolizing ammonia, nitrite and nitrates. If fish are present, the system converts the effluent from the fish pond into plant mass. The overall system then returns clean water back to the fish pond.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus comprising: a support structure is a parabolic arch support structure comprises a truss-based structure having two sets of interlinked scaffolds coupled to each other by a plurality of horizontally disposed beams; a plurality of bio-mats placed on the support structure in a substantially vertical orientation, the bio-mats supporting the growth of one or more varieties of plants, wherein each bio-mat of the plurality of bio-mats comprises a composite layered assembly including a first vegetable fiber mat layer, a second vegetable fiber mat layer and an activated carbon filter layer wherein the plurality of bio-mats are arranged along a bottom portion of the support structure; a water distribution system arranged along an upper portion of the support structure and configured to flow water to the bio-mats back to a water source placed adjacent the support structure to form a substantially closed loop aquatic system; and one or more power generation components providing electrical energy the water distribution system. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising one or more solar panels coupled to the one or more power generation components are arranged along an upper portion of the support structure. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the support structure is constructed of a material selected from the group consisting of: steel, aluminum, plastic, wood, bamboo, and carbon fiber. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the bio-mats are inoculated with beneficial bacteria to convert ammonia into nitrite, and then convert the nitrite into nitrate to allow plants seeded thereon to metabolize. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 further comprising an irrigation catchment trough to collect water passing through the biomats for return to the water source and further comprising a pump and plumbing system, wherein the plumbing system is configured to draw water from the water source for distribution through the plurality of bio-mats. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein the water source comprises a fish pond including one or more live fish. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein the water provided to the plants contains impurities and nutrients from the fish pond, and wherein the plumbing includes one or more filter components to filter the water from the biomats to provide water back to the fish pond clear of materials harmful to the fish. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein at least some of the filter components comprise one or more of the biomats, and wherein the biomats consist of a material selected from the group consisting of a fibrous mesh material, and a basket of stone, glass or charcoal. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 further comprising a guard structure placed over the fish pond to prevent intrusion by vermin and pests. 10. The apparatus of claim 8 further comprising an ultraviolet filter system. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: a weather station mounted on a first mast coupled to the support structure, wherein the weather station includes devices for measuring certain environmental conditions selected from the group consisting of: wind speed, wind direction, air temperature, barometric pressure, and humidity; and a radio system mounted on a second mast coupled to the support structure. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the power generation components are selected from the group consisting of: wind turbines, water turbines, solar panels, AC electrical power, human-powered generators, batteries, and fuel cells. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a base coupled to the support structure to allow free standing of the support structure on a substantially horizontal surface. 14. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a vertical mounting component coupled to the support structure to allow mounting of the support structure on a substantially vertical surface. 15. A closed-loop aquatic and electrical system for growing plants comprising: a truss-based scaffolding support structure is a parabolic arch support structure comprises two sets of interlinked scaffolds coupled to each other by a plurality of horizontally disposed beams; a plurality of bio-mats placed on the support structure in a substantially vertical orientation, the bio-mats supporting the growth of one or more varieties of plants, wherein each bio-mat of the plurality of bio-mats comprises a composite layered assembly including a first vegetable fiber mat layer, a second vegetable fiber mat layer and an activated carbon filter layer wherein the plurality of bio-mats are arranged along a bottom portion of the support structure; a water distribution system arranged along an upper portion of the support structure and configured to flow water to the bio-mats back to a water source placed adjacent the support structure to form a substantially closed loop aquatic system; and one or more power generation components generating power from non-electrical grid-based power sources; and a power storage system storing power generated by the power generation components and providing electrical energy the water distribution system to provide power in a substantially closed-loop electrical system. 16. The system of claim 15 further comprising a plumbing system having one or more water pumps and filters, and the power generation circuits are selected from the group consisting of: wind turbines, water turbines, solar panels, and human-powered generators. 