A biogas generator employs an anaerobic digestion process to convert organic waste material within a sealed reservoir to a biogas. A solar thermal panel connected to the reservoir heats a fluid traveling through a conduit, which is connected to a heat exchanger within the reservoir. The heated fluid travels through the heat exchanger and heats the waste material to facilitate the anaerobic digestion process. Solar cells produce electricity to operate one or more pumps that pump the heated fluid through the conduit, and pump the waste material and the generated biogas, into and out of the reservoir. A rotating lid structure has elongated agitators which extend into the reservoir.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A biogas generator for converting liquefied organic material to gas and slurry via an anaerobic digestion process, the biogas generator comprising: a reservoir to hold the liquefied organic material; an inflow conduit through which the liquefied organic material is pumped into the reservoir; a gas outflow conduit through which the gas exits out of the reservoir; a heat exchanger positioned inside the reservoir to heat the liquefied organic material in the reservoir; a first pump connected to pump the liquefied organic material through the inflow conduit into the reservoir; a second pump connected to pump a fluid through a closed-loop conduit and through the heat exchanger; a solar power and heating system comprising one or more solar cells and a solar panel through which a part of the closed-loop conduit passes, the one or more solar cells converting solar energy striking the one or more solar cells into electricity used to provide power to the first and second pumps and the solar energy striking the solar panel heating the fluid traveling through the part of the closed-loop conduit, wherein: the heated fluid heats the liquefied organic material as the heated fluid is pumped through the heat exchanger to facilitate the anaerobic digestion process; and the one or more solar cells are electrically connected to a re-chargeable power source and the one or more solar cells convert the solar energy into direct current electricity used to recharge the re-chargeable power source and the re-chargeable power source is connected to provide power to the first and second pumps. 2. The biogas generator of claim 1 further comprising an outflow conduit through which the slurry exits out of the reservoir. 3. The biogas generator of claim 1, wherein the slurry exits out of the reservoir through the inflow conduit. 4. The biogas generator of claim 1 further comprising an overflow conduit wherein a terminal end of the overflow conduit inside the reservoir is positioned above a top level of the liquefied organic material as defined by a predetermined volume so that the liquefied organic material spills into the overflow conduit in response to the liquefied organic material exceeding the predetermined volume. 5. The biogas generator of claim 1 further comprising a thermal sensor located in the reservoir for monitoring a temperature of the liquefied organic material during the anaerobic digestion process and for sending corresponding signals to a temperature control unit associated with the second pump, wherein in response to receiving the signals, the temperature control unit directs the second pump to vary the flow of the liquid through the heat exchanger in order to increase or to decrease the temperature of the liquefied organic material. 6. The biogas generator of claim 1 further comprising: a lid shaped to mate with the top of the reservoir and comprising a plurality of wheels and one or more agitators fixedly attached to an underside of the lid; and a rigid annular support fixedly attached to the interior of the reservoir to support the lid and comprising a surface on which the plurality of wheels rests when the lid is placed on the reservoir; the lid being rotatable on the plurality of wheels so as to cause the one or more agitators to move through the liquefied organic material in the reservoir to agitate the liquefied organic material. 7. The biogas generator of claim 6 further comprising a handle fixedly attached to an outer surface of the lid and comprising a member that extends into a pump mechanism, wherein the pump mechanism places a force on the member thereby causing the lid to rotate on the plurality of wheels and causing the one or more agitators to move through the liquefied organic material in the reservoir to agitate the liquefied organic material. 8. The biogas generator of claim 6, wherein the lid is sized to rest on top of the reservoir with a peripheral edge of the lid inside the tank, the peripheral edge extending into the liquefied organic material. 9. The biogas generator of claim 6 further comprising one or more annular seals between the lid and the tank to prevent undesirable venting of foul odors from the liquefied organic material. 10. The biogas generator of claim 6, wherein the reservoir is substantially circular in shape and the rigid annular support is fixedly attached to the interior circumference of the reservoir. 11. The biogas generator of claim 6, wherein the plurality of wheels allow a user to rotate the lid manually to agitate the liquefied organic material in the reservoir. 12. The biogas generator of claim 6, wherein the one or more agitators are elongated and extend downwardly from the lid. 13. A biogas generator for converting liquefied organic material to gas and slurry via an anaerobic digestion process, the biogas generator comprising: a reservoir to hold the liquefied organic material; a lid shaped to mate with the top of the reservoir and comprising a plurality of wheels and one or more agitators fixedly attached to an underside of the lid; a rigid annular support fixedly attached to the interior of the reservoir to support the lid and comprising a flat surface on which the plurality of wheels rests when the lid is placed on the reservoir; the lid being rotatable on the plurality of wheels so as to cause the one or more agitators to move through the liquefied organic material in the reservoir to agitate the liquefied organic material. 14. The biogas generator of claim 13 further comprising a handle fixedly attached to an outer surface of the lid and comprising a member that extends into a pump mechanism, wherein the pump mechanism places a force on the member thereby causing the lid to rotate on the plurality of wheels and causing the one or more agitators to move through the liquefied organic material in the reservoir to agitate the liquefied organic material. 15. A method of converting liquefied organic material to gas and slurry via an anaerobic digestion process, the method comprising the steps of: pumping the liquefied organic material into a reservoir through an inflow conduit using a first pump; pumping a fluid through a closed-loop conduit passing through a heat exchanger positioned inside the reservoir using a second pump; converting solar energy striking one or more solar cells into electricity used to provide power to the first and second pumps; and heating the fluid traveling through the closed-loop conduit by solar energy striking a solar panel through which the closed-loop conduit passes, wherein: the fluid heats the liquefied organic material as the fluid is pumped through the heat exchanger to facilitate the anaerobic digestion process to convert the liquefied organic material to the gas and the slurry; and the one or more solar cells are electrically connected to a re-chargeable power source and the one or more solar cells convert the solar energy into direct current electricity used to recharge the re-chargeable power source and the re-chargeable power source is connected to provide power to the first and second pumps. 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising the step of: agitating the liquefied organic material in the reservoir. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the step of agitating comprises placing a force on a member of a handle fixedly attached to an outer surface of a lid shaped to mate the top of the reservoir, the lid comprising a plurality of wheels and one or more agitators fixedly attached to an underside of the lid, the plurality of wheels resting on a flat surface of a rigid annular support fixedly attached to the interior of the reservoir to support the lid, and wherein the force on the member causes the lid to rotate on the plurality of wheels and causes the one or more agitators to move through the liquefied organic material in the reservoir. 