The present disclosure is an apparatus for controlling movement of a decoy. The apparatus for controlling movement of a decoy may include a motor and a housing. The motor may cause movement of a decoy coupled to the motor to simulate movement of an animal. The apparatus for controlling movement of a decoy may include a shaft which couples to the motor and the decoy whereby the motor may cause axial rotation of the decoy.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for controlling movement of a decoy, comprising: a motor; a shaft coupled to said motor; a housing, said housing supporting said motor, said motor causes axial rotation of said shaft, said housing being configured for attachment to a stake to place the housing above ground; and at least one of a first adapter or a second adapter, said at least one of a first adapter or a second adapter being coupled to said shaft, said first adapter configured to couple with a first type of decoy and said second adapter configured to couple with a second type of decoy. 2. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a power source coupled to said motor, said power source stored in said housing. 3. The apparatus as claimed in claim 2, wherein said power source is a rechargeable battery. 4. The apparatus as claimed in claim 3, further comprising a solar cell coupled to said rechargeable battery. 5. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said housing includes a mounting adapter configured to secure to said stake. 6. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a controller coupled to said motor, said controller configured to direct operation of said motor. 7. The apparatus as claimed in claim 6, further comprising an interface coupled to said controller. 8. The apparatus as claimed in claim 7, wherein said interface is located on an exterior side of said housing for receiving user input for operation of said motor. 9. The apparatus as claimed in claim 8, wherein said controller provides a plurality of modes of operation of said motor. 10. The apparatus as claimed in claim 9, wherein said plurality of modes of operation include angle of rotation in a first direction, an amount of delay, and an angle of rotation in a second direction. 11. The apparatus as claimed in claim 10, wherein said controller provides a speed control of rotation of said decoy. 12. The apparatus as claimed in claim 10, wherein said controller provides a speed control of rotation of said decoy. 13. The apparatus as claimed in claim 10, wherein said controller operates a first mode for the first type of decoy representing a first type of animal and operates a second mode for the second type of decoy representing a second type of animal. 14. The apparatus as claimed in claim 13, wherein said first type of decoy is a duck and a second type of decoy is a turkey. 15. The apparatus as claimed in claim 14, wherein said interface includes a switch for selection of the first mode and a second switch for selection of the second mode. 16. An apparatus for controlling movement of a decoy, comprising: a motor; a controller, said controller coupled to said motor, said controller directs operation of said motor according to a plurality of modes, each mode including an angle of rotation in a first direction, an amount of delay, and an angle of rotation in a second direction; a housing, said housing supporting said motor, said housing being configured for attachment to a stake to place the housing above ground; an interface coupled to said controller, said interface is located on an exterior side of said housing for receiving user input for operation of said motor; a shaft coupled to said motor, wherein said motor causes axial rotation of said shaft; a first adapter configured to couple with a first type of decoy; and a second adapter configured to couple with a second type of decoy, wherein said at least one of a first adapter or a second adapter being couplable to said shaft. 17. The apparatus as claimed in claim 16, further comprising a power source coupled to said motor, said power source stored in said housing. 18. The apparatus as claimed in claim 17, wherein said power source is a rechargeable battery. 19. The apparatus as claimed in claim 18, further comprising a solar cell coupled to said rechargeable battery. 20. The apparatus as claimed in claim 16, wherein said housing includes a mounting adapter configured to secure to said stake. 