A high-brightness LED lamp with battery conservation and solar charging features. The portable, self-contained lamp utilizes one or more high-brightness LEDs to provide area or decorative illumination. A solar cell charging device maintains the rechargeable batteries during the daytime with available ambient light. An electronic control circuit conserves battery power by limiting the period of time that the LEDs are energized during nighttime hours when ambient lighting conditions cannot support the recharging function. A photodetector device allows the control circuit to make this determination.
Claims I claim: 1. A battery-powered portable outdoor lamp, the lamp comprising: a solar charging device; at least one high-brightness LED; an electronic timing circuit, wherein the timing circuit controls the application of battery power to the at least one LED to conserve battery capacity by limiting the amount of time that the at least one LED is energized; and a cylindrical shaft, wherein the cylindrical shaft linearly houses the battery power source. 2. The lamp of claim 1 wherein the timing circuit comprises a photodetector device, wherein the photodetector device influences the operation of the timing circuit. 3. The lamp of claim 2, wherein the timing circuit further comprises a non-programmable integrated circuit timing device, wherein the timing device controls the energization period of the at least one LED by use of an RC time constant. 4. The lamp of claim 2 wherein the timing circuit further comprises a programmable microcontroller device, wherein the microcontroller device controls the energization period of the at least one LED by monitoring the photodetector device to determine ambient lighting conditions. 5. The lamp of claim 1 wherein the number of high-brightness LEDs is chosen from the group consisting of three, six, and twelve. 6. The lamp of claim 1 wherein the timing circuit directly controls the energization of the at least one LED through a switching transistor. 7. The lamp of claim 1 wherein the solar powered outdoor lamp is portable and completely self-contained within a single definable unit. 8. The lamp of claim 1 wherein the timing circuit controls the application of power to the at least one LED by limiting the application of power to a fixed period of time. 9. The lamp of claim 1 wherein the timing circuit controls the application of power to the at least one LED by limiting the application of power to a period of time of between approximately four and eight hours in duration. 