An assembly for reducing ice damming along a roof using solar energy is provided including at least one tabular solar collection panel having an upper surface and an opposing lower surface shaped in a rectangular shape. Each panel includes a plurality of holes extending entirely through the panel. A plurality of pads is attached to the opposing surface of said tabular panel for spacing the entire tabular panel from a substrate such as a roof surface. Each panel further includes a "U" shaped offset member attached to an interconnecting member which in turn is attached to the assembly.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An assembly for collecting solar energy to reduce ice damming along a roof, comprising; a tabular panel shaped solar collector having an upper surface and a lower opposing surface including a plurality of water drainage passages extending entirely there through; a plurality of support pads containing an upper and lower edge, wherein each support pad is joined along said upper edge to said lower opposing surface of said tabular panel and wherein said lower edge engages an exposed exterior surface of a roof, spacing entirety of said tabular panel away from said exposed exterior surface of said roof forming an airgap of generally uniform thickness extending between said lower opposing surface of said tabular panel and said exposed exterior surface of said roof; wherein said tabular panel is placed on said exterior surface of said roof such that said panel extends beyond the peripheral edge of said roof; and wherein said tabular panel assembly passes solar radiation through said tabular panel to said exposed exterior surface of said roof thereby heating said airgap. 2. The assembly in claim 1 wherein one or more of said pads contain a mounting hole for mounting said assembly to the roof. 3. The assembly in claim 1 wherein said plurality of water drainage passages contains a pattern. 4. The assembly of claim 1 wherein said tabular panel is clear. 5. The assembly of claim 1 wherein said tabular panel is opaque. 6. The assembly of claim 1 wherein said tabular panel is rectangular in shape. 7. The assembly of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of offset members attached to, and extending away from, a common peripheral edge of said tabular panel shaped solar collector. 8. The assembly in claim 1 wherein an external retention support is attached to said assembly. 9. The assembly of claim 7 wherein said plurality of offset members are "U" shaped. 10. The assembly in claim 8 wherein said external retention support further contains one or more hinges. 11. The assembly in claim 8 wherein said external retention support is attached to one or more grounded support poles. 12. The assembly in claim 8 wherein said external retention support is attached to a brace connected to a roof supporting structure. 13. The assembly of claim 9 wherein said plurality of "U" shaped offset members adjoin said common peripheral edge of said panel via an interconnecting support member. 14. An assembly for collecting solar energy to reduce ice damming along a roof, comprising; a rectangular tabular panel shaped solar collector having an upper surface and a lower opposing surface including a pattern of rectangular shaped water drainage passages extending entirely there through; a plurality of "U" shaped offset members, having a base portion and a plurality of edge portions extending away from said base portion, attached to a common peripheral edge of said tabular panel, extending away from said panel at a substantially perpendicular angle, and oriented so that said base portion of said "U" shaped offset member lies in substantially the same plane as said lower opposing surface of said tabular panel and wherein said plurality of edges located on said "U" shaped channel are oriented toward said exposed exterior surface of said roof; a plurality of support pads containing an upper and lower edge, wherein each support pad is joined along said upper edge to said lower opposing surface of said tabular panel and said lower edge engages an exposed exterior surface of a roof, spacing entirety of said tabular panel away from said exposed exterior surface of said roof forming an airgap of generally uniform thickness extending between said lower opposing surface of said tabular panel, said plurality of "U" shaped offset members, and said exposed exterior surface of said roof; wherein said tabular panel assembly passes solar radiation through said tabular panel onto said exposed exterior of said roof wherein the solar radiation is absorbed by said exposed exterior surface of said roof thereby heating said airgap; wherein said tabular panel is placed on said exterior surface of said roof such that said panel extends beyond the peripheral edge of said roof; and wherein said upper surface of said tabular panel is substantially parallel to said exposed exterior surface of said roof. 15. An assembly for collecting solar energy to reduce ice damming along a roof, comprising; a rectangular shaped tabular panel shaped solar collector having an upper surface and a lower opposing surface including a pattern of rectangular shaped water drainage passages covering the entirety of said tabular panel and extending entirely there through; a plurality of "U" shaped offset members, having a base portion and a plurality of edge portions extending away from said base portion, attached to a common peripheral edge of said tabular panel, extending away from said panel at a substantially perpendicular angle, and oriented so said base portion of said "U" shaped offset member lies in substantially the same plane as said lower opposing surface of said tabular panel and wherein said plurality of edges located on said "U" shaped channel are oriented toward, but do not touch, said exposed exterior surface of said roof; a plurality of support pads containing an upper and lower edge, wherein each support pad is joined along said upper edge to said lower opposing surface of said tabular panel and said lower edge engages an exposed exterior surface of a roof, spacing the entirety of said tabular panel away from said exposed exterior surface of said roof forming a airgap of generally uniform thickness extending between said lower opposing surface of said tabular panel, said plurality of "U" shaped offset members, and said exposed exterior surface of said roof; an interconnecting member attached to said tabular shaped panel; wherein said tabular panel assembly passes solar radiation through said tabular panel onto said exposed exterior of said roof wherein the solar radiation is absorbed by said exposed exterior surface of said roof thereby heating said airgap; wherein said tabular panel is placed on said exterior surface of said roof such that said panel extends beyond the peripheral edge of said roof; and wherein said tabular panel is placed on said exterior surface of said roof such that it lies substantially parallel to said exposed exterior surface of said roof. 16. The assembly in claim 1 wherein the solar radiation passed through said tabular panel is partially absorbed by said exposed exterior surface of said roof thereby heating said airgap. 17. The assembly in claim 1 wherein the solar radiation passed through said tabular panel is partially absorbed by said tabular panel thereby heating said airgap. 18. The assembly in claim 9 wherein said plurality of "U" shaped offset members are oriented to extend away from said peripheral edge of said panel at a substantially perpendicular angle; and wherein said base portion of said "U" shaped offset member is oriented to lie in substantially the same plane as said lower surface of said tabular panel and wherein said edges of said "U" shaped channel are oriented toward said exposed exterior surface of said roof. 19. The assembly in claim 9 wherein said "U" shaped offset members do not contact said exposed exterior surface of said roof. 