A solar LED indicator for use on road railings including a base, a lamp holder, a solar panel, an LED, a rechargeable battery, and a control panel. The base is S-shaped and on the top thereof disposed is the solar panel. The lamp holder comprises a chamber and is disposed at the concave side of the base. The LED is disposed at least at one side of the lamp holder. The rechargeable battery and the control panel are disposed in the chamber of the lamp holder, the rechargeable battery is connected with the solar panel, and the control panel controls the working conditions of the LED. The solar LED indicator can be seen from a long distance and exhibits a good guiding effect.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A solar LED indicator for use on road railings, the solar LED indicator comprising a) a base having a concave portion, b) a lamp holder, c) a solar panel, d) an LED, e) a rechargeable battery, and f) a control panel, wherein the base is S-shaped and on the top thereof disposed is the solar panel; the lamp holder comprises a chamber and is disposed at the concave portion of the base; the LED is disposed at least at one side of the lamp holder; the rechargeable battery and the control panel are disposed in the chamber of the lamp holder; the rechargeable battery is connected with the solar panel; and the control panel controls the working conditions of the LED. 2. The solar LED indicator of claim 1, wherein the lamp holder comprises a trapezoidal incline at both sides thereof; at the middle of one side of the trapezoidal incline disposed is the LED; and a reflective film is disposed on the trapezoidal incline and around the LED. 3. The solar LED indicator of claim 1, wherein the lamp holder comprises a trapezoidal incline at both sides thereof; at the middle of both sides of the trapezoidal incline disposed is the LED; and a reflective film is disposed on the trapezoidal incline and around the LED. 4. The solar LED indicator of claim 1, wherein the S-shaped bending of the base cooperates with the cross-section of a two-wave plate. 5. The solar LED indicator of claim 1, wherein the S-shaped bending of the base cooperates with the cross-section of a three-wave plate. 6. The solar LED indicator of claim 1, wherein the control panel controls the working conditions of the LED according to the working conditions of the solar panel, and the working conditions of the LED comprise luminous intensity and flicker frequency. 7. The solar LED indicator of claim 1, wherein the chamber of the lamp holder comprises two grooves symmetrically, in which the rechargeable battery and control panel are disposed, respectively. 8. The solar LED indicator of claim 1, wherein a mounting hole is disposed at the center of the lamp holder, and a mounting plate is at the rear of the lamp holder; the mounting plate comprises a plurality of slots; and the axis of the mounting hole and the symmetric center line of the slots are in the same plane. 9. The solar LED indicator of claim 1, wherein a shallow groove is disposed around the base and adhesive stripes or magnetic stripes are installed therein. 10. The solar LED indicator of claim 1, wherein the base and the lamp holder are symmetrically integrated thin-wall structures. 11. The solar LED indicator of claim 2, wherein the base and the lamp holder are symmetrically integrated thin-wall structures. 12. The solar LED indicator of claim 3, wherein the base and the lamp holder are symmetrically integrated thin-wall structures. 13. The solar LED indicator of claim 4, wherein the base and the lamp holder are symmetrically integrated thin-wall structures. 14. The solar LED indicator of claim 5, wherein the base and the lamp holder are symmetrically integrated thin-wall structures. 15. The solar LED indicator of claim 6, wherein the base and the lamp holder are symmetrically integrated thin-wall structures. 16. The solar LED indicator of claim 7, wherein the base and the lamp holder are symmetrically integrated thin-wall structures. 17. The solar LED indicator of claim 8, wherein the base and the lamp holder are symmetrically integrated thin-wall structures. 