A lighting system includes a lighting unit and a mounting structure. The lighting unit is mounted adjacent to a window to shine outward, obstructing a view of the inside, while allowing those inside a clear, lighted view of the outside. The lighting unit may be powered by electrical wiring, battery, or solar. Light is preferably adjustable in various directions. The lighting system provides additional security and privacy.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A lighting system comprising: a mounting system positioned adjacent to an opening in a habitable structure; a lighting unit including a light source attached to the mounting system and oriented to shine out of the opening, obstructing an ability to see in through the opening; and an adjustable lens optically coupled to the light source in the lighting unit allowing a focus of the light to be adjusted. 2. The lighting system in claim 1 wherein the light source is powered by electricity. 3. The lighting system in claim 2 wherein the electricity is supplied by house electrical current. 4. The lighting system in claim 2 wherein the electricity is supplied by at least one battery. 5. The lighting system in claim 2 wherein the electricity is supplied by solar power. 6. The lighting system in claim 1 wherein the lighting unit is adjustable in at least one direction. 7. The lighting system in claim 1 wherein the opening contains a window and the lighting unit is mounted in the window of a room facing outwards obscuring a view into the room through the window from outside the room. 8. The lighting system in claim 7 wherein the lighting unit is mounted in contact with the window. 9. The lighting system in claim 8 wherein the mounting system attaches the lighting unit to the window. 10. The lighting system in claim 9 wherein the lighting unit is attached to the window utilizing at least one from a set consisting of: glue and a suction device. 11. The lighting system in claim 8 wherein the window has at least two panes and the lighting unit is embedded between the at least two panes. 