A method of manufacturing a solar cell by providing a first semiconductor substrate and depositing a first sequence of layers of semiconductor material to form a first solar subcell, including a first bond layer disposed on the top of the first sequence of layers. A second semiconductor substrate is provided, and on the top surface of the second substrate a second sequence of layers of semiconductor material is deposited forming at least a second solar subcell. A second bond layer is disposed on the top of said second sequence of layers. The first solar subcell is mounted on top of the second solar subcell by joining the first bond layer to the second bond layer in an ultra high vacuum chamber, and the first semiconductor substrate is removed.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate; depositing on the first semiconductor substrate a first sequence of layers of semiconductor material to form a first subassembly comprising an upper first solar subcell on said first semiconductor substrate, a middle second solar subcell over said upper first solar subcell, a graded interlayer over said middle second solar subcell, and a lower third solar subcell over said graded interlayer including a first lattice matched semiconductor layer disposed on a top surface of said first sequence of layers, wherein said first lattice matched semiconductor layer includes InGaAs; providing a second semiconductor substrate, wherein the second semiconductor substrate comprises germanium; depositing on a top surface of the second semiconductor substrate a second sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a second subassembly comprising at least a third subcell including a second lattice matched semiconductor layer disposed on a top surface of said second sequence of layers; joining the first subassembly and the second subassembly by positioning the first lattice matched semiconductor layer of the first subassembly adjacent to the second lattice matched semiconductor layer of the second subassembly to form a bond joining the first and second assemblies, thus forming a multijunction device; and removing the first semiconductor substrate to expose an uppermost subcell of the multijunction device. 2. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein joining the first subassembly and the second subassembly takes place in an ultra high vacuum chamber. 3. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein said second sequence of layers includes layers forming a tunnel diode. 4. The method as defined in claim 3, wherein said layers forming a tunnel diode include InGaAs and AlGaAs layers. 5. The method as defined in claim 1, further comprising depositing a contact metal layer in a sequence of layers including Ti/Au/Ag/Au on a bottom surface of said second semiconductor substrate. 6. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein: said upper first solar subcell has a first band gap; said second solar subcell has a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; said graded interlayer has a third band gap; and said lower third solar subcell has a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said lower third solar subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said middle second solar subcell. 7. The method as defined claim 1, wherein said second lattice matched semiconductor layer is composed of In.sub.0.30GaAs. 8. The method as defined in claim 6, wherein the upper first solar subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 9. The method as defined in claim 6, wherein the middle second solar subcell comprises an emitter region and a base region, wherein the emitter region is composed of GaAs, GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN, and the base region is composed of GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN. 10. The method as defined in claim 6, wherein the lower third solar subcell comprises a base region and an emitter region, wherein the base region is composed of an InGaAs base layer, and the emitter region is composed of an InGaAs or an InGaP emitter layer. 11. The method as defined in claim 6, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle second solar subcell on a first side and the lower third subcell on a second side. 12. The method as defined in claim 6, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of InGaAlAs. 13. The method as defined in claim 6, wherein the graded interlayer has a thickness and has approximately a 1.5 eV band gap throughout the thickness of said graded interlayer. 14. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate; depositing on the first semiconductor substrate a first sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a first subassembly comprising at least a first subcell and a second subcell including a first lattice matched InGaAs semiconductor layer on a top surface of said first sequence of layers; providing a second semiconductor substrate; depositing on the second semiconductor substrate a second sequence of layers of semiconductor material foaming a second subassembly comprising at least a third subcell including a second lattice matched InGaAs semiconductor layer disposed on a top surface of said second sequence of layers; positioning the first lattice matched InGaAs semiconductor layer of the first subassembly adjacent the second lattice matched InGaAs semiconductor layer of the second subassembly, and bonding the first sequence of layers to the second sequence of layers to join the first and second subassemblies and form a multijunction device; mounting a surrogate third substrate on top of the second semiconductor substrate; and removing the first semiconductor substrate from the multijunction device to expose an uppermost subcell of the device and form a bonded semiconductor structure. 15. The method as defined in claim 14, wherein said first semiconductor substrate is GaAs, and said second semiconductor substrate is germanium, and said bonding takes place in ultra high vacuum at approximately 400.degree. C. 16. The method as defined in claim 14, wherein said second sequence of layers includes layers forming a tunnel diode including InGaAs and AlGaAs layers. 17. The method as defined in claim 14, wherein said first lattice matched InGaAs semiconductor layer is composed of In.sub.0.30GaAs, and said second lattice matched InGaAs semiconductor layer is composed of In.sub.0.015GaAs. 18. The method as defined in claim 14, further comprising depositing a contact metal layer consisting essentially of a sequence of layers including Ti/Au/Ag/Au on a bottom surface of said second semiconductor substrate. 19. The method as defined in claim 14, wherein the surrogate third substrate is selected from the group of sapphire, Ge, GaAs, and silicon. 20. The method as defined in claim 14, wherein the second sequence of layers of the second semiconductor substrate is bonded to said surrogate third substrate by an adhesive. 21. The method as defined in claim 14, further comprising mounting the bonded semiconductor structure on a rigid coverglass, and removing the surrogate third substrate. 22. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first GaAs semiconductor substrate; depositing on the first semiconductor substrate a first sequence of layers of semiconductor material to form a first subassembly including at least a first solar subcell and a first lattice matched InGaAs semiconductor layer disposed on a top surface of said first sequence of layers; providing a second Ge semiconductor substrate; depositing on a top surface of the second Ge semiconductor substrate a second sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a second subassembly including at least a second solar subcell and a second lattice matched InGaAs semiconductor layer disposed on a top surface of said second sequence of layers; joining the first subassembly and the second subassembly by juxtaposing the first lattice matched InGaAs semiconductor layer of the first subassembly adjacent to the second lattice matched InGaAs semiconductor layer of the second subassembly in ultra high vacuum at approximately 400.degree. C. to form a bond joining the first and second subassemblies, thus forming a device; mounting a surrogate third substrate on the second semiconductor substrate; and removing the first GaAs semiconductor substrate from the device to expose an uppermost subcell of the device and form a bonded semiconductor structure. 