The present invention provides a diode that does not deteriorate its function even if it is used in an environment where the temperature change is considerable, such as in a terminal box for solar cell panel that is placed outdoors. A diode of twin-chip-mounting type in which each chip has a lead foot for being joined to a common terminal plate, wherein said lead feet are electrically connected with each other in a region of each lead foot from each chip to a portion wherein each lead foot is joined. The electrical connection of the lead feet is preferably formed by integral molding with each lead foot.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A diode of twin-chip-mounting type, comprising: two chips mounted on one frame, wherein each of these chips has a lead foot and each lead foot is separately joined to a common terminal plate of the same pole; and an independent electrical connection between said lead feet in a region of each lead foot that is disposed between the chip and the terminal plate; wherein the independent electrical connection between the lead feet is formed by integral molding with each lead foot, so that even when a defect is generated at the joining portion of one lead foot to the terminal plate, the electric current from the terminal plate is transmitted to both of the chips via the other lead foot. 2. A terminal plate circuit, comprising: a terminal plate; and a diode of twin-chip-mounting type having two chips mounted on one frame, each of the chips having a lead foot; wherein said lead feet are electrically connected with each other in a region of each lead foot that is intermediate between each chip and an end of each lead foot, each lead foot of the diode being additionally and separately joined to a common terminal plate of the same pole at said end of the lead foot, and wherein the intermediate electrical connection of the lead feet is formed by integral molding with each lead foot; so that even when a defect is generated at the joining portion of one lead foot to the terminal plate, the electric current from the terminal plate is transmitted to both of the chips via the other lead foot. 3. The terminal plate circuit according to claim 2, wherein the terminal plate is enlarged so that the heat generated from the diode can be sufficiently dissipated. 4. A terminal plate circuit, comprising: a terminal plate; and a diode of twin-chip-mounting type having two chips mounted on one frame, each of the chips having a lead foot, wherein said lead feet are electrically connected with each other in a region of each lead foot that is disposed between the chip and the terminal plate, and each lead foot of the diode is independently and separately joined to a common terminal plate of the same pole, wherein the electrical connection between the lead feet is formed by integral molding with each lead foot; so that even when a defect is generated at the joining portion of one lead foot to the terminal plate, the electric current from the terminal plate is transmitted to both of the chips via the other lead foot. 5. The terminal plate circuit according to claim 4, wherein the terminal plate is enlarged so that the heat generated from the diode can be sufficiently dissipated. 6. A terminal box for a solar cell panel, comprising the terminal plate circuit according to any one of claims 2, 3, 4 and 5. 