An LED assembly adapted to mount in a bayonet type socket of the type having a slotted casing comprising the negative terminal and a central pin comprising the positive terminal in which a plurality of LED's are mounted on a circuit board and the LED assembly has an electrically conductive screw comprising the positive connection for engaging the central pin of the socket and an electrically conductive tube with a pin member extending outwardly therefrom for insertion in the slots of the casing of the socket for comprising the negative connection.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A bayonet type LED mounting arrangement for insertion into a socket of the type having a slotted negative casing and a positive center pin comprising, in combination: a circuit board having an upper surface, a lower surface and a peripheral edge, said circuit board having walls defining an aperture therethrough in regions adjacent the center portion of the circuit board; a positive circuit on said upper surface of said circuit board and a negative circuit on said lower surface of said circuit board, said positive circuit having a positive contact ring in regions adjacent said aperture, said negative circuit having a negative contact ring in regions spaced from said aperture; at least one LED light source on said circuit board in regions adjacent said peripheral edge thereof, and said at least one LED light source electrically connected to said positive circuit and said negative circuit; an electrically conductive threaded screw member extending through said aperture in said circuit board and having a cap portion contacting said positive contact ring and a shank portion extending therefrom and said shank portion having a remote end spaced from said cap portion; an elongated, tubular electrically insulated spacer having an outer surface and an inner surface, said inner surface threaded to match the threads on said shank of said screw member, and said spacer threadingly engaging said shank portion of said screw, and a top end of said spacer abutting said lower surface of said circuit board and a bottom end of said spacer in regions adjacent said tip of said shank portion of said screw; an electrically conductive tube surrounding said outside surface of said spacer and electrically insulated from said screw by said spacer, said tube having a top end abutting said negative contact ring on said lower surface of said circuit board and a bottom end in regions adjacent said tip of said shank portion of said screw; an electrically conductive pin member connected to said tube and extending outwardly therefrom. 2. The arrangement defined in claim 1 wherein: said spacer is fabricated from nylon; said tube is fabricated from aluminum; and said pin is fabricated from steel. 3. The arrangement defined in claim 1 wherein: said spacer extends from said circuit board a first preselected distance toward said tip of said shank portion of said screw; and, said tube extends from said circuit board a second preselected distance toward said tip of said shank portion of said screw. 4. The arrangement defined in claim 3 wherein: said first preselected distance is greater than said second preselected distance. 5. The arrangement defined in claim 1 wherein: said pin member extends partially through said spacer and said pin member is free of contact with said shank portion of said screw. 6. A bayonet type LED mounting arrangement for an insect trap, comprising, in combination: a circuit board having an upper surface, a lower surface and a peripheral edge, said circuit board having walls defining an aperture therethrough in regions adjacent the center portion of the circuit board; a positive circuit on said upper surface of said circuit board and a negative circuit on said lower surface of said circuit board, said positive circuit having a positive contact ring in regions adjacent said aperture, said negative circuit having a negative contact ring in regions spaced from said aperture; at least one LED light source on said circuit board in regions adjacent said peripheral edge thereof, and said at least one LED light source electrically connected to said positive circuit and said negative circuit; an electrically conductive threaded screw member extending through said aperture in said circuit board and having a cap portion contacting said positive contact ring and a shank portion extending therefrom and said shank portion having a remote end spaced from said cap portion; an elongated, tubular electrically insulated spacer having an outer surface and an inner surface, said inner surface threaded to match the threads on said shank of said screw member, and said spacer threadingly engaging said shank portion of said screw, and a top end of said spacer abutting said lower surface of said circuit board and a bottom end of said spacer in regions adjacent said tip of said shank portion of said screw; an electrically conductive tube surrounding said outside surface of said spacer and electrically insulated from said screw by said spacer, said tube having a top end abutting said negative contact ring on said lower surface of said circuit board and a bottom end in regions adjacent said tip of said shank portion of said screw; an electrically conductive pin member extending connected to said tube and extending outwardly therefrom; a bayonet socket having an outer electrically conductive, tubular outer casing and said outer casing having pin accepting slots therein for accepting said pin member and in electrical contact therewith for the condition of said pin member inserted therein, and said socket having a center pin and said tip of said shank portion of said screw in electrically conductive contact with said center pin for the condition of said screw member, said spacer and said tube inserted into said casing of said socket, and said casing comprising the negative contact for said socket and said center pin comprising the positive contact for said socket; a battery for supplying electrical power operatively connected to said socket. 7. The arrangement defined in claim 6 and further comprising: a switch mounted between said battery and having an "ON" position for allowing electrical power to flow from said battery to said socket and an "OFF" condition for preventing the flow of electrical power to said socket. 8. The arrangement defined in claim 7 wherein: said switch is manually operable between said "ON" condition thereof and said "OFF" condition thereof. 9. The arrangement defined in claim 7 wherein: said switch is automatically operable between said "ON" condition thereof and said "OFF" condition thereof; and further comprising a light sensor for receiving ambient light operatively connected to said switch for automatically turning said switch to said "ON" condition for ambient light incident upon said light sensor less than a preselected intensity level and automatically turning said switch to said "OFF" condition for ambient light incident upon said light sensor greater than a preselected intensity level. 10. The arrangement defined in claim 7 and further comprising: a solar cell operatively connected to said battery for charging said battery. 11. The arrangement defined in claim 9 and further comprising: a solar cell operatively connected to said battery for charging said battery. 12. The arrangement defined in claim 1 and further comprising: a plurality of LED light sources connected to said circuit board in regions adjacent said peripheral edge thereof, and each of said plurality of LED light sources operatively connected to said positive circuit and said negative circuit. 13. The arrangement defined in claim 7 and further comprising: a plurality of LED light sources connected to said circuit board in regions adjacent said peripheral edge thereof, and each of said plurality of LED light sources operatively connected to said positive circuit and said negative circuit. 14. The arrangement defined in claim 13 wherein: said spacer is fabricated from nylon; said tube is fabricated from aluminum; and said pin is fabricated from steel. 15. The arrangement defined in claim 14 and further comprising: said first preselected distance is greater than said second preselected distance. 16. The arrangement defined in claim 15 wherein: said spacer extends from said circuit board a first preselected distance toward said tip of said shank portion of said screw; and, said tube extends from said circuit board a second preselected distance toward said tip of said shank portion of said screw. 