A power plant for providing electric power to a power grid includes energy sources; power conditioning units and a controller configured to cause power provided to the grid to have selected electrical characteristics. The controller is in high speed real-time communication with the power conditioning units and programmed to provide instructions to the power conditioning units.
Claims Having described the invention, and a preferred embodiment thereof, what is claimed as new, and secured by Letters Patent is: 1. A power plant for providing electric power to a power grid, said power plant comprising: energy sources; power conditioning units; and a controller configured to cause power provided to the grid to have selected electrical characteristics, said controller being in high speed real-time communication with said power conditioning units and being programmed to provide instructions to said power conditioning units for execution within one cycle of line voltage. 2. The power plant of claim 1, wherein the energy sources comprise energy storage elements. 3. The power plant of claim 1, wherein the energy sources comprise photovoltaic arrays. 4. The power plant of claim 1, wherein the energy sources comprise wind turbines. 5. The power plant of claim 1, wherein the energy sources comprise fuel cells. 6. The power plant of claim 1, wherein the power conditioning unit comprises an inverter. 7. The power plant of claim 1, wherein the power conditioning unit comprises a converter. 8. The power plant of claim 1, wherein the power conditioning unit comprises an ancillary STATCOM device. 9. The power plant of claim 1, wherein the power conditioning unit comprises a shunt bank. 10. The power plant of claim 1, wherein the power conditioning unit is connected to receive energy from an energy source. 11. The power plant of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to maintain an electrical condition at a point of interconnection with the grid, and wherein said controller is configured to instruct power conditioning units so as to cause the power conditioning units to cooperate in maintaining the electrical condition. 12. The power plant of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to instruct a power conditioning unit connected to an energy source to operate in a manner that worsens power factor as measured at the output of the power conditioning unit. 13. The power plant of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to determine an optimal response to a transient voltage event. 14. The power plant of claim 1, where the controller is configured to cause a power conditioning unit to provide unbalanced reactive power. 15. The power plant of claim 1, where the controller is configured to cause a power conditioning unit to provide balanced reactive power. 16. The power plant of claim 1, wherein the power conditioning unit comprises an inverter configured to receive electrical power generated by a wind turbine and to generate, from said electrical power, a voltage waveform having specified electrical characteristics. 17. A controller for controlling power conditioning units in a power plant, said controller being configured to cause power provided to the grid to have selected electrical characteristics, said controller being in high speed real-time communication with said power conditioning units and being programmed to provide instructions to said power conditioning units for execution within one cycle of line voltage. 18. A non-transitory computer-readable medium having encoded thereon software for controlling power conditioning units in a power plant, said software comprising instructions for determining a response to a voltage event, and causing power conditioning units to respond to the voltage event within one cycle of line voltage. 19. The computer readable medium of claim 18, wherein the instructions further comprise instructions for causing at least one of the power conditioning units to supply unbalanced reactive power. 20. The computer readable medium of claim 18, wherein the instructions further comprise instructions for responding to a voltage event at a point-of-interconnection with a power grid. 