An outdoor illuminating device and illuminating method using LEDs as light sources to reduce a load on the environment and effectively function as a crime deterrent to contribute to environmental design for establishing safe and secure communities. Security light (1) capable of simultaneously emitting at least two different colors of illumination light is provided with a plurality of white LEDs (16) and blue LEDs (18) as the light sources. The security light (1) comprises main lighting unit (11) positioned at a predetermined distance (D) above the ground surface (G), first illuminating part (13) for emitting illumination light of white-tint color downward in the direction substantially vertical from main lighting unit (11), and second illuminating part (14) for emitting illumination light of blue-tint color to the outside of the area substantially vertically below main lighting unit (11).
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An outdoor illuminating device having capability of simultaneously emitting at least two different colors of illumination light, the device comprising: a main lighting unit provided with a plurality of LEDs as a light source and placed at a predetermined distance above a ground surface; and an illuminating part for illuminating an area substantially vertically below the main lighting unit in white color while also illuminating the main lighting unit and/or the vicinity thereof in blue color. 2. The outdoor illuminating device as recited in claim 1, wherein the illuminating part comprises a first illuminating part for emitting illumination light of white-tint color downward in the direction substantially vertical from the main lighting unit, and a second illuminating part for emitting illumination light of blue-tint color to the outside of the area substantially vertically below the main lighting unit. 3. The outdoor illuminating device as recited in claim 2, wherein the first illuminating part is provided with white LEDs serving as the light source. 4. The outdoor illuminating device as recited in claim 2, wherein the second illuminating part is provided with blue LEDs serving as the light source. 5. The outdoor illuminating device as recited in claim 2, wherein the second illuminating part is disposed in a continual fashion along the periphery of the first illuminating part. 6. The outdoor illuminating device as recited in claim 2, wherein the second illuminating part is disposed at two confronting sides of the first illuminating part. 7. The outdoor illuminating device as recited in claim 1, wherein the main lighting unit is fixed directly to a post. 8. The outdoor illuminating device as recited in claim 1, wherein the main lighting unit is fixed to a post with a mounting fixture having an adjustable means for changing an angle of the main lighting unit relative to the ground surface. 9. The outdoor illuminating device as recited in claim 1, wherein a plurality of the main lighting units are fixed to one post in a manner that each of the main lighting units is positioned at a different predetermined distance in height from the ground surface. 10. The outdoor illuminating device as recited in claim 1, further comprising an automatic electric storage means provided with a photovoltaic cell. 11. The outdoor illuminating device as recited in claim 1, wherein the illuminating part comprises a first illuminating part for mainly illuminating the ground surface substantially vertically below the main lighting unit in white color, and a second illuminating part for mainly illuminating the main lighting unit and/or the vicinity thereof away from the ground surface in blue color. 12. An illuminating method for simultaneously emitting at least two different colors of illumination light, the method comprising the steps of: employing an illuminating part having a plurality of LEDs as a light source and disposed in a main lighting unit placed at a predetermined distance above a ground surface; and illuminating an area substantially vertically below the main lighting unit in white color while also illuminating the main lighting unit and/or the vicinity thereof in blue color. 