A roof mount assembly mounts a structure to a roof having a rafter and a substrate supported by the rafter. The roof mount assembly includes flashing positioned on the substrate that includes a first surface, a second surface and an aperture extending therethrough. A fastener extends through the flashing aperture. A bracket is connected to the flashing via the fastener, and the bracket supports at least one roof-mounted structure on the roof. A seal is positioned between the flashing aperture and the fastener. The seal is sized to form a water-tight seal with the aperture to inhibit flow of fluid through the aperture. The seal includes a first portion and a second portion; the first portion abuts the flashing first surface and the second portion extends through the aperture.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A roof mounting system comprising: a roof substrate; a first mounting assembly including a first flashing coupled to the roof substrate, the first flashing defining a first flashing opening extending therethrough, a first bracket having a first portion extending substantially parallel to the first flashing and defining a first aperture extending therethough, and a second portion extending substantially perpendicular to the first flashing and defining a second aperture extending therethrough, and a first fastener extending through the first flashing opening and the first bracket aperture to couple the first bracket to the first flashing; a second mounting assembly including a second flashing coupled to the roof substrate, the second flashing defining a second flashing opening extending therethrough, a second bracket having a first portion extending substantially parallel to the second flashing and defining a first aperture extending therethrough, and a second portion extending substantially perpendicular to the second flashing and defining a second aperture extending therethrough, and a second fastener extending through the second flashing opening and the first aperture to couple the second bracket to the second flashing; a track having a first end securable to the first mounting assembly and a second end securable to the second mounting assembly; a solar panel mountable on each of the first and second mounting assemblies in a plurality of mount orientations with respect to a selected point on the substrate; and a first seal positioned in the first flashing opening and a second seal positioned in the second flashing opening, wherein the first flashing defines a first frustoconical protrusion adjacent the first flashing opening, and wherein the second flashing defines a second frustoconical protrusion adjacent the second flashing aperture. 2. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the first fastener extends into the roof substrate to couple the first flashing and the first bracket to the roof substrate. 3. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the track is elongate and has a substantially U-shaped cross-section. 4. The roof mounting system of claim 1, further comprising a third fastener coupled to the second aperture of the first bracket and a fourth fastener coupled to the second aperture of the second bracket, wherein the track is elongate and defines a first aperture sized to receive the third fastener to couple the track to the first bracket, and a second aperture sized to receive the fourth fastener to couple the track to the second bracket. 5. The roof mounting system of claim 1, further comprising a third bracket and a third fastener coupled to the roof substrate and the solar panel to further support the solar panel above the roof substrate. 6. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of mount orientations are at least partially defined by a plurality of pre-drilled apertures in at least one of the first bracket and the second bracket. 7. The roof mounting system of claim 6, wherein the plurality of pre-drilled apertures includes the second aperture of the first bracket, wherein the second aperture of the first bracket is a vertically elongated slot, and wherein the vertically elongated slot permits the track to be supported above the roof at a plurality of different mount locations with respect to the selected point on the substrate. 8. The roof mounting system of claim 6, wherein the plurality of pre-drilled apertures includes a plurality of apertures in the second portion of the first bracket, wherein the plurality of apertures and the second aperture are aligned along a substantially arcuate path, and wherein the substantially arcuate alignment of the plurality of apertures and the second aperture permit the solar panel to be mounted to the first mounting assembly in the plurality of mount orientations with respect to the substrate. 9. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the first seal substantially fills a first cavity between the first frustoconical protrusion and the roof substrate, and wherein the second seal substantially fills a second cavity formed between the second frustoconical protrusion and the roof substrate. 10. A roof mounting system comprising: a roof substrate; a flashing coupled to the roof substrate, the flashing defining a frustoconical protrusion having an aperture extending therethrough; a seal positioned between the flashing and the roof substrate, the seal being conformable to engage at least a portion of the frustoconical protrusion; a first bracket having a first portion defining a first aperture extending therethrough, and a second portion defining a second aperture extending therethrough; a first fastener extending through the flashing aperture and the first aperture of the first bracket to couple the flashing and the first bracket; a plate defining an aperture extending therethrough; a second fastener having a first end extending through the second aperture of the first bracket and the plate aperture to couple the plate to the first bracket, and a second end spaced from the first end; a second bracket having a first flange portion, a second flange portion and a middle portion positioned between the first flange portion and the second flange portion, the middle portion defining a first aperture extending therethrough, wherein the second end of the second fastener extends through the first aperture of the second bracket to couple the second bracket to the plate and the first bracket; and a solar panel having an edge portion positioned between the plate and the first flange portion, wherein the solar panel is supportable above the roof substrate by the plate and the first flange. 11. The roof mounting system of claim 10, wherein the first flange portion is spaced a distance from the plate and wherein the distance is adjustable within a range of distances. 12. The roof mounting system of claim 11, further comprising at least one follower moveable along the fastener to permit adjustment of the distance within the range of distances. 13. The roof mounting system of claim 10, further comprising a second solar panel having an edge portion positioned between the plate and the second flange portion, wherein the second solar panel is supportable above the roof substrate by the plate and the second flange portion. 14. The roof mounting system of claim 10, wherein the second bracket has a substantially U-shaped cross-section in which the first flange portion and the second flange portion extend away from the middle portion. 15. The roof mounting system of claim 10, wherein the first fastener extends into the roof substrate to couple the flashing and the first bracket to the roof substrate. 16. The roof mounting system of claim 10, wherein the seal is an elastomeric seal having a first portion engaging a first surface of the flashing, and a second portion engaging a second surface of the flashing, and wherein the second portion of the seal substantially fills a cavity between the frustoconical protrusion and the roof substrate. 17. The roof mounting system of claim 10, wherein the second bracket is mountable to the first bracket in a plurality of positions with respect to the roof substrate. 18. The roof mounting system of claim 10, wherein the first aperture of the first bracket is substantially frustoconical in shape, and wherein the frustoconical protrusion of the flashing at least partially extends into the first aperture of the first bracket. 19. The roof mounting system of claim 10, wherein the first fastener extends along a first axis and the second fastener extends along a second axis parallel to and spaced from the first axis. 