The online measurement system of radioactive tracers in oil wells head, object of this invention, is characterized by the use of new technology to measure concentrations of tracer activity in real time, using a radiation detector NaI (TI), with features that make it possible to detect up to three different tracers and be able to operate in temperature conditions up to 150.degree. C., which allows to be immersed in a container with fluid coming from the flow stream, achieving with this to increase the sensitivity of the measurements. This system of measurement in the head of production wells will allow having much more data of the tracer activity, avoiding having to transport the operational staff to production wells to carry out sampling test, with all the advantages that this represents.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An online measuring system of radioactive tracers in an oil well head characterized by being able to autonomously operate and comprising: (I) a power supply plant for permanent energy supply which is constituted of a photovoltaic panel, a battery bank, a controller and a DC/AC current inverter (direct current/alternating current); (II) a gamma radiation detection module wherein the NaI scintillation crystal detector (TI) is housed in a stainless steel container of high pressure, through which will continuously flow the fluid samples coming from the well, whose concentration is required to quantify; (III) a programmable data logger by means of which all operation, control and data management functions are carried out in order to operate system autonomously according to the requirements of each test, constituting by the following stages: a) signal comparison and conditioning, b) pulses counting, c) control and storing and d) interface with the user (data input/output); and (IV) a laptop which has specialized tools as a computer program developed expressly for communication with the logger in order to carry out the following functions; a) programming of all logging functions, control and storing of data logger; b) data reading or collection of concentration vs time stored in the memory up to three channels; and c) data processing, presentation and management. 2. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein in order to have sufficient and permanent energy, the supply plant of the electric energy is a solar plant, which is constituted by a photovoltaic panel, a battery bank, a controller and a DC/AC current inverter (direct current/alternating current). 3. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the power sources of direct current are energized through the current inverter and provide voltages of +/-15 Volts and +5 Volts of DC to supply all circuits and electric devices contained in the programmable data logger (discriminators, counters, thermal printer, liquid crystal display), as well as the detection module (photomultiplier tube, high voltage source and amplifier). 4. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the detection module is constituted by: (I) a NaI scintillation crystal detector (TI), and (II) a stainless steel sampling container. 5. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the radiation detector can operate from 0.degree. C. up to a temperature of 150.degree. C. and is constituted by four essential elements: (a) a high voltage source (b) a scintillation crystal, (c) a photomultiplier and (d) an amplifier. 6. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the apparatus (a) includes a high voltage source which energizes the photomultiplier tube with a voltage comprised between 1200 and 1500 Volts. 7. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the paragraph (b) also includes a scintillation crystal made of sodium iodide activated with tallium NaI (TI) whose function is to make the conversion of gamma radiation to visible electromagnetic power. 8. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the paragraph (c) is a photomultiplier tube whose function is to produce an electric signal proportional to the radiation energy incident in the scintillation crystal. 9. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the paragraph (d) includes an amplifier which amplifies the signal pulses coming from the photomultiplier tube (PMT). 10. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the sampling container is made of stainless steel with a cylindrical geometry and is designed to support high pressures. 11. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the sampling container has a cylindrical geometry with a volume capacity of 3.3 liters which is determined based on laboratory experiments where different radioisotopes are used (.sup.57Co, .sup.60Co among others) in tracers' tests. 12. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the sampling container is made of stainless steel and furthermore includes a connection port of the fluid entry line to the container, coming from the production tubing and a connection port of the fluid exit line of the container to the pipeline of the producing well. 13. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the sampling container includes a cover for high pressure made of stainless steel immersed in the sampling volume which isolates and protects the radiation detector (scintillation crystal) of pressure between the production tubing and the pipeline. 14. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the sampling container is made of stainless steel and furthermore includes a leading cover of 1/2'' thickness around all the container acting as a cosmic and environmental radiation shield of the detector. 15. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the sampling container furthermore includes valves and pressure gauges and stainless steel connections of 1/8'' of ID: for high pressure through these are connected to the entrance of the sampling container to the valve in the production tubing and the exit of the container to the valve in the pipeline, establishing a pressure differential that circulates the fluid coming from the well through the container. 16. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the paragraph (a) in the Stage II has signal discrimination and conditioning phase for three channels wherein, there are three comparators with adjustable detection thresholds in the discrimination according to the energy of each radioisotope (tracer) used. 17. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the paragraph (a) in the Stage II has signal discrimination and conditioning phase for three channels in each test and furthermore has a monostable multivibrator whose function is to standardize the pulses width and to avoid problems of pulses overlapping. 18. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the paragraph (a) of the Stage III includes a selectable time base to multiples of 1 minute which is performed during the pulses counting coming from one of the channels corresponding to each tracer to be used according to the test operation program, it is possible to program the obtention of concentration readings or measurements from 1 minute to hours depending of the characteristics and needs of the test. 19. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the paragraph (C) of the Stage III contains a 16 bits microcontroller which performs all control, logging, storing and data management functions by means of a previously downloaded program. 20. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the paragraph (c) of the Stage III of data control and management of the logger contains a memory module with a storage capacity of up to 174,000 data. 21. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the paragraph (d) of the Stage III of the logging module of programmable data has a display or alphanumeric screen by means of which the data in real time can be visualized during the test. 22. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the paragraph (d) of the Stage III of the data logger of programmable data has an alphanumeric keyboard of 4 columns per 4 rows through which the user can manually introduce or modify test parameters. 23. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the paragraph (d) of the Stage III of the data logger of programmable data has a thermal printer through which, according to the operation program are registered the performed measurements with the purpose to count on with an additional backup of the measurements carried out during the test. 24. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the Stage III of the data logger includes a cabinet with NEMA 4X specifications, since it is designed in hostile environments where in addition to sealing against dust and water, is resistant to corrosion. 25. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the Stage III has a computer program in a laptop which allows carrying out both programming and data reading of the programmable data logger, i.e. through computers is downloaded in the data logger the operation program and information management. 26. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the communication between the laptop and the data logger is made through the program according to the protocol RS-232 through a serial port. 27. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the paragraph (a) of the Stage III includes the operation program of the measuring system based on the test design downloaded in the data logger through a laptop, complying with the system operation autonomy requirement. 28. An online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the paragraph (b) of the Stage IV includes the reading function of the data stored in the logger during the test. 29. A method to use the online measuring system according to claim 1, wherein the method comprises the following stages: a) flow establishment; b) flow regulation on the line that supplies the container; c) operation; d) data collection and e) purge and depressurization. 