A backpack including a pack portion having a top, a bottom, a front, a rear and two sides. A strap arrangement can also be included for carrying the pack portion as a backpack. The strap arrangement can have a pair of carrying straps. Each carrying strap can be secured to the pack portion at about the bottom and extend upwardly along respective sides of the pack portion, and redirected at about the top of said respective sides to extend around to the rear of the pack portion, and being redirected at about the top of the rear to extend downwardly for securement at about the bottom of the pack portion at the rear. The strap arrangement can redirect forces to support a load in the pack portion from the sides of the pack portion.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A backpack comprising: a pack portion formed of flexible material having a top, a bottom, a front, a rear, and two sides; a stiffening member secured to the rear for stiffening at least an upper portion of the pack portion; strap redirecting members secured to the pack portion at upper regions of the pack portion on the sides and at the rear, a side strap redirecting member on each side, and at least one rear strap redirecting member at the rear which is also secured to the stiffening member; and a strap arrangement for carrying the pack portion as a backpack, the strap arrangement comprising a pair of carrying straps, each carrying strap extending from the bottom of the pack portion and extending upwardly along respective sides of the pack portion to movably pass through respective side strap redirecting members secured to upper regions of said respective sides, and movably redirected by the two side strap redirecting members to laterally extend around to the rear of the pack portion to movably pass through at least one rear strap redirecting member secured to upper regions of the rear, and being movably redirected by the at least one rear strap redirecting member to extend downwardly for securement at lower regions of the pack portion at the rear, the strap redirecting members movably redirecting each carrying strap while allowing the carrying straps to move through the redirecting members in a pulley like manner, the strap arrangement redirecting forces for supporting a load in the pack portion from the bottom and sides of the pack portion. 2. A backpack comprising: a pack portion having a top, a bottom, a front, a rear, and two sides; and a strap arrangement for carrying the pack portion as a backpack, the strap arrangement comprising a pair of carrying straps, each carrying strap secured to the pack portion to at least one of the bottom and sides, and extending upwardly along respective sides of the pack portion to movably pass through respective side strap redirecting members secured to upper regions of said respective sides, and movably redirected by the side strap redirecting members to laterally extend around to the rear of the pack portion to movably pass through at least one rear strap redirecting member secured to upper regions of the rear, and being movably redirected by the at least one rear strap redirecting member to extend downwardly for securement at lower regions of the pack portion at the rear, the strap redirecting members movably redirecting each carrying strap while allowing the carrying straps to move through the redirecting members in a pulleylike manner, the strap arrangement redirecting forces for supporting a load in the pack portion from the sides of the pack portion. 3. The backpack of claim 2 in which the pair of carry straps extend from a strap extending along the bottom of the pack portion and sewn to lower regions of each side of the pack portion to support the load from the bottom. 4. The backpack of claim 2 further comprising a stiffening member for stiffening at least an upper portion of the rear of the pack portion. 5. The backpack of claim 2 in which each carrying strap includes at least one strap adjuster for adjusting the strap. 6. The backpack of claim 2 in which the strap arrangement includes piezoelectric material for generating electricity. 7. The backpack of claim 2 further comprising a solar cell system on the pack portion. 8. The backpack of claim 2 in which each carrying strap is secured to lower regions of the pack portion at the rear with a releasable connector. 9. The backpack of claim 8 in which the at least one rear ring is secured to upper regions of the rear of the pack portion by a releasable connector. 10. The backpack of claim 9 in which the strap arrangement can be disconnected from the backpack configuration and reconnected in a shoulder strap configuration. 11. The backpack of claim 2 in which the side strap redirecting members comprise a side ring secured to upper regions of each side of the pack portion through which a respective carrying strap passes and is slidably redirected. 12. The backpack of claim 11 in which the at least one rear strap redirecting member comprises at least one rear ring secured to upper regions of the rear of the pack portion through which a respective carrying strap passes and is slidably redirected. 13. The backpack of claim 12 in which the side rings and the at least one rear ring are mounted along a common plane. 14. The backpack of claim 13 in which the pair of carrying straps passing through the at least one rear ring are positioned apart from each other on opposite sides of a vertical centerline a distance d.sub.2 from the centerline, and the carrying straps are secured at lower regions of the pack portion at the rear apart from each other on opposite sides of the vertical centerline about the distance d.sub.2 from the centerline. 15. A method of using a backpack comprising: providing a pack portion having a top, a bottom, a rear and two sides; and securing a strap arrangement to the pack portion for carrying the pack portion as a backpack, the strap arrangement comprising a pair of carrying straps secured to the pack portion to at least one of the bottom and sides, and extending upwardly along respective sides of the pack portion to movably pass through respective side strap redirecting members secured to upper regions of said respective sides, and movably redirected by the side strap redirecting members to laterally extend around to the rear of the pack portion to movably pass through at least one rear strap redirecting member secured to upper regions of the rear, and being movably redirected by the at least one rear strap redirecting member to extend downwardly for securement at lower regions of the pack portion at the rear, the strap redirecting members movably redirecting each carrying strap while allowing the carrying straps to move through the redirecting members in a pulleylike manner, the strap arrangement redirecting forces for supporting a load in the pack portion from the sides of the pack portion. 16. A method of forming a backpack comprising; providing a pack portion having a top, a bottom, a rear and two sides; and securing a strap arrangement to the pack portion for carrying the pack portion as a backpack, the strap arrangement comprising a pair of carrying straps secured to the pack portion to at least one of the bottom and sides, and extending upwardly along respective sides of the pack portion to movably pass through respective side strap redirecting members secured to upper regions of said respective sides, and movably redirected by the side strap redirecting members to laterally extend around to the rear of the pack portion to movably pass through at least one rear strap redirecting member secured to upper regions of the rear, and being movably redirected by the at least one rear strap redirecting member to extend downwardly for securement at lower regions of the pack portion at the rear, the strap redirecting members movably redirecting each carrying strap while allowing the carrying straps to move through the redirecting members in a pulleylike manner, the strap arrangement redirecting forces for supporting a load from the sides of the pack portion. 17. The method of claim 16 further comprising extending the pair of carrying straps from a strap extending along the bottom of the pack portion and sewn to lower regions of each side of the pack portion to support the load from the bottom. 18. The method of claim 16 further comprising providing each carrying strap with at least one strap adjuster for adjusting the strap. 19. The method of claim 16 further comprising providing the strap arrangement with piezoelectric material for generating electricity. 20. The method of claim 16 further comprising positioning a solar cell system on the pack portion. 21. The method of claim 16 further comprising stiffening at least an upper portion of the rear of the pack portion with a stiffening member. 22. The method of claim 21 further comprising securing the at least one rear ring to upper regions of the rear of the pack portion by a releasable connector. 23. The method of claim 16 further comprising securing each carrying strap to lower regions of the pack portion at the rear with a releasable connector. 24. The method of claim 23 further comprising configuring the strap arrangement to be capable of being disconnected from the backpack configuration and reconnected in a shoulder strap configuration. 25. The method of claim 2 securing a side ring to upper regions of each side of the pack portion as the side strap redirecting members through which a respective carrying strap passes and is slidably redirected. 26. The method of claim 25 further comprising securing at least one rear ring to upper regions of the rear of the pack portion as the at least one rear strap redirecting member through which a respective carrying strap passes and is slidably redirected. 27. The method of claim 26 further comprising mounting the side rings and the at least one rear ring along a common plane. 28. The method of claim 27 further comprising positioning the pair of carrying straps passing through the at least one rear ring apart from each other on opposite sides of a vertical centerline a distance d.sub.2 from the centerline, and the carrying straps are secured at lower regions of the pack portion at the rear apart from each other on opposite sides of the vertical centerline about the distance d.sub.2 from the centerline. 