A self-contained structure configurable as a shipping container and as a dwelling is provided. The self-contained structure configurable as a shipping container and as a dwelling includes a lower section including a platform and a floor, said lower section forming a first portion of a foundation of said dwelling; an upper section including a ceiling and connected to the lower section to define a cavity, said upper section forming a first portion of a roof of said dwelling; a plurality of wall components attached to said lower section and said upper section within said cavity to form subcavities within said cavity; a plurality of panels attachable to said lower section and said upper section to enclose said cavity when the structure is configured as the shipping container and attachable to said upper section to form a second portion of said roof of said dwelling extending from said first portion of said roof to define an approximate area of said dwelling when the structure is configured as the dwelling; and a plurality of extension walls storable within said subcavities when the structure is configured as the shipping container and configurable to enclose said approximate area of said dwelling when the structure is configured as the dwelling.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A self-contained structure configurable as a shipping container and as a dwelling, said structure comprising: a lower section including a platform and a floor, said lower section forming a first portion of a foundation of said dwelling; an upper section including a ceiling and connected to the lower section to define a cavity, said upper section forming a first portion of a roof of said dwelling; a plurality of wall components attached to said lower section and said upper section within said cavity to form subcavities within said cavity; a plurality of panels attachable to said lower section and said upper section to enclose said cavity when the structure is configured as the shipping container and attachable to said upper section to form a second portion of said roof of said dwelling extending from said first portion of said roof to define an approximate area of said dwelling when the structure is configured as the dwelling; a plurality of extension walls storable within said subcavities when the structure is configured as the shipping container and configurable to enclose said approximate area of said dwelling when the structure is configured as the dwelling; and a system to harvest rainwater for use secondarily in the dwelling unit, said system comprising: a reservoir cavity having a receiver trough and located above the ceiling of the dwelling; a receiver trough located adjacent to the reservoir cavity; a roof deck collection surface on the roof of the dwelling; a water proof membrane attached to the receiver trough, and stored in the receiver trough when the structure is configured as the shipping container, to be deployed out of and onto the roof deck when the structure is configured as the dwelling, creating the rainwater collection surface, wherein the receiver trough receives rainwater runoff from the roof deck membrane, settles out suspended sediment before, and directs the rainwater to enter the reservoir cavity. 2. The self-contained structure of claim 1, wherein at least one of the plurality of wall components spans at least on-half the length of the lower section forming an I-beam structure with the lower section and the upper section and is structural in nature to support loads when the structure is configured as the shipping container and to support the roof when the structure is configured as the dwelling. 3. The self-contained structure of claim 2, further comprising corner fittings connected between the lower section and the upper section at the corners thereof and structural in nature to support loads when the structure is configured as the shipping container and to support the roof when the structure is configured as the dwelling. 4. The self-contained structure of claim 1, further comprising loose items being disposed in the subcavities and reservoir cavity when the structure is configured as the shipping container, said loose items being used to configure the structure as the dwelling. 5. The self-contained structure of claim 4, wherein the loose items including at least one of roof beams, fascia, soffits and a septic tank. 6. The self-contained structure of claim 4, wherein said subcavities comprise living space upon the removal of the loose items. 7. The self-contained structure of claim 1, further comprising appliances and other fixtures installed within said cavity. 8. The self-contained structure of claim 1, wherein when the structure is configured as the dwelling the subcavities are configured as at least one of a bathroom, a kitchen, an entry vestibule and a corridor. 9. The self-contained structure of claim 1, further comprising at least one renewable power supply for providing power for said dwelling when the structure is configured as the dwelling. 10. The self-contained structure of claim 9, wherein the at least one renewable power supply includes at least one of a solar power system and a wind power system. 11. The self-contained structure of claim 1, wherein the system to harvest water further comprises: a cover for covering the reservoir cavity and exposable to sunlight to heat the water in the reservoir cavity; and an adjustable, insulated panel having a reflecting surface located over the cover and configurable to regulate the amount of sunlight to which the cover is exposed. 12. The self-contained structure of claim 1, further comprising: a solar power electricity system having photo-voltaic panels for supplying power to the dwelling when the structure is configured as the dwelling; and a water distribution system for pumping water collected and stored in the receiver trough of the reservoir cavity onto said photovoltaic panels to reduce the temperature of the photovoltaic panels, wherein said water pumped onto said photovoltaic panels is recollected into the trough of the reservoir cavity. 13. The self-contained structure of claim 1, further comprising fixed items contained in said subcavities and including at least one of a refrigerator, a freezer, a microwave over, an induction cooking range, a sink, a toilet, a bathtub, a shower, cabinets, countertops, finished floors, finished walls, ceilings, an entry door, a vestibule, a corridor, an emergency exit, a laundry sink, a drip drying trough, a battery back-up power supply, a battery charger, an electric inverter, electric panels, water pumps, waste and water supply lines, light fixtures, wiring, a wire chase, a fan, a window, air ducts, a heat pump, refrigeration lines, and exit manifold to the roof, a smoke detector, and warning alarms. 14. The self-contained structure of claim 1, wherein said extension walls are prefinished panels. 15. The self-contained structure of claim 1, wherein at least one of said extension walls includes at least one of a window and a door. 16. The self-contained structure of claim 1, wherein said extension walls comprise: a lower panel having an upper end; an upper panel having a lower end; and a horizontal member having a lower facing channel for accepting said upper end of said lower panel and an upper facing channel for accepting said lower end of said upper panel, wherein when accepted in said horizontal member said upper panel overlaps and is more exterior to said lower panel. 17. The self-contained structure of claim 16, wherein said lower panels of extension walls are interchangeable when configuring the structure as a dwelling. 18. The self-contained structure of claim 16, wherein said horizontal member provides flexibility in the extension walls. 