A wireless product code reader comprises a scanner for scanning product codes; processing electronics for providing a raw signal proportional to signal intensities detected while scanning the product code; a wireless interface for providing said raw signals to a receiving unit; and a mounting unit for mounting said barcode reader on the body of a user for hands free use. The scanner may be an optical scanner for scanning barcodes.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A wireless reader for labels comprising: a scanner for scanning said labels for codes; processing electronics for providing a raw signal proportional to signal intensities detected while scanning the product code; a wireless interface for providing said raw signals being proportional to said signal intensities to a central receiving unit, said central receiving unit being associated with multiple users or multiple devices; and a mounting unit for mounting said wireless reader on a user to permit hands-free use by said user, thereby to provide wireless transmission of raw signals proportional to signal intensities detected while scanning a product code from a user to said central receiving unit. 2. The reader of claim 1, wherein said scanner is an optical scanner and said codes to be scanned comprise barcodes. 3. The reader of claim 1, wherein said scanner is an RFID scanner and said codes are comprised in RFIDs, or wherein said scanner is a holographic scanner and said codes are comprised in holograms. 4. The reader of claim 1, wherein said mounting unit comprises a wrist band. 5. The reader of claim 4, wherein the mounting unit is configured such that the reader extends forward of the wrist onto the back of the hand. 6. The reader of claim 1, wherein said mounting unit comprises a front band to extend across the palm of the hand behind the fingers and a wristband to extend across the wrist behind the base of the thumb. 7. The reader of claim 1, further comprising a movement based generator. 8. The reader of claim 1, further comprising a flexible layer on a mounting surface of said reader. 9. The reader of claim 1, comprising a window over the scanner, and further comprising a protective frame extending around the window. 10. The reader of claim 1, wherein the scanner comprises an omni-directional scanner, or a single laser scanner or a charge coupled device or a hologram scanner. 11. The reader of claim 10, wherein said omni-directional scanner provides a scan pattern of beams at a plurality of orientations, thereby to read barcodes at different angles. 12. The reader of claim 11, comprising a single rotating polygonal mirror and an arrangement of several fixed mirrors to generate said scan pattern. 13. A method of scanning codes on labels comprising: providing to a user a barcode reader for mounting on the back of a hand, the reader comprising a scanner; detecting at said scanner, a variation in intensities as said scanner is scanned over a barcode; transmitting said intensities detected during scanning wirelessly to a central receiving unit associated with multiple users or multiple devices, thereby to provide wireless transmission of raw signals proportional to signal intensities detected while scanning a product code from a user to said central receiving unit. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising mounting said reader using a wrist band. 15. The method of claim 13, comprising mounting said reader on the back of the hand such that the reader extends forward of the wrist onto the back of the hand. 16. The method of claim 13, comprising mounting said reader using a front band to extend across the palm of the hand behind the fingers and a wristband to extend across the wrist behind the base of the thumb. 17. The method of claim 13, comprising charging said reader using at least one member of the group comprising a movement based generator, and a solar panel. 18. The method of claim 13, comprising scanning using an omni-directional scanner. 19. The method of claim 18, comprising using said omni-directional scanner to provide a scan pattern of beams at a plurality of orientations, thereby to read barcodes at different angles. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising rotating a single polygonal mirror to provide a beam successively to different ones of several fixed minors to generate said scan pattern. 21. A system for barcode reading comprising: a) a wireless barcode reader, the reader comprising: a scanner for scanning product codes; processing electronics for providing a raw signal proportional to signal intensities detected while scanning the barcode; a wireless interface for providing said raw signals to a receiving unit; and a mounting unit for mounting said barcode reader on a back of a hand; and b) a central receiving unit associated with a plurality of users or a plurality of devices, and configured for translating said raw signal into recognized characters and products, thereby to provide wireless transmission of raw signals proportional to signal intensities detected while scanning a product code from a user to said central receiving unit. 22. A wireless handheld product code reader comprising: a scanner for scanning codes; processing electronics for providing a raw signal proportional to signal intensities detected while scanning the code; and an interface for providing said raw signals to an external receiving unit associated with multiple users or multiple devices, thereby to provide wireless transmission of raw signals proportional to signal intensities detected while scanning a product code from said reader to said central receiving unit. 23. The reader of claim 22, and comprising one member of the group comprising a handle, to allow handheld use, and a mounting unit for mounting the unit on the body of a user to provide hands free use. 24. The reader of claim 22, wherein said interface comprises a wireless interface. 