An architectural structure comprises a core column structure (1), a plurality of recessed platform structures (2) vertically spaced apart from each other and supported by the column structure, and landfill filled in the recessed platform structures form plots. A water reticulation system moves through all the plots from a central water supply system. Dwellings (4) are built on the plots.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An architectural structure comprising, at least one core column structure; a plurality of recessed platform structures successively extending operatively orthogonally from said column structure and supported thereby, said successive platform structures spaced apart vertically and horizontally from each other so that each of the platforms is adapted to receive adequate sunlight and ventilation independently and an unobstructed scenic view; landfill which includes an aggregate of stones, gravel, soil and clay, filled in said recesses of the recessed platforms to form plots; water reticulation systems provided in at least some of said platforms connected with each other and to a central water supply system, said water reticulation system including treatment plants for treatment of water after use at each plot and providing the treated water to a plot at an operatively lower level; access means, including staircases, escalators, roadways, ramps and lifts, connecting the plots with the ground level and with other plots; amenities/utilities provided to at least some of said plots, and a fencing provided around the plot of each platform, the fencing adapted to collect rain water and supply the collected rain water to the water reticulation system, the fencing having a series of flaps which at appropriate times can be folded or unfolded so that the fencing acts as a receptacle for rain water and feeds the collected rainwater to the water reticulation system, wherein the water reticulation system includes a perforated plate provided spaced apart from the base of the recess in said platform, forming a space between said plate and the recess for collection of the water percolated through the landfill; wherein each of said platforms is provided around the core column in the form of a petal formation and disposed at different elevated levels, each of the platforms being on a respectively different vertical level from the other platforms, each of the platforms being offset horizontally with respect to adjacent platforms, and each of the platforms being positioned in a superimposed relationship with another platform that is multiple levels apart from the respective platform. 2. An architectural structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein, each of the platforms is provided with a protective fencing and a security fencing at least at one level extending from the outer side of the platform to prevent any object from falling down. 3. An architectural structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein, the core column structure is selected between hollow and solid and includes support columns which are hollow. 4. An architectural structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein, said column structure encloses the access means and provides conduits for the water supply system, amenities and utilities. 5. An architectural structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein, said landfill includes material which is graded into top soil, sub soil and earth containing stones, gravel, soil and clay. 6. An architectural structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein, said landfill includes segments of landfill made by compacting stones, gravel, soil and clay together off site and transported to site for filling the recesses. 7. An architectural structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein, the water reticulation system includes means to collect water percolated through at least some of the plots and supply the collected water to a plot at a lower level. 8. An architectural structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein, the water reticulation system includes pumping means to pump water collected at the lowermost plot up to the top of the structure for re use after a final treatment. 9. An architectural structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein, the water reticulation system includes means to monitor the quality of the water to be supplied and means to divert water for further treatment if not found satisfactory for use. 10. An architectural structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein, the water reticulation system includes a solid waste management which includes a compost pit located at ground level to receive solid waste from the treatment plants in the system. 11. An architectural structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein, at least one housing structure is constructed on some of the said plots; said housing structure selected from a group of housing structures consisting of a dwelling, a bungalow, a club, an educational structure, a shop, a parking lot, a recreational facility, a gym, a playing ground, a power plant, a wind mill, and a library. 12. An architectural structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein, the said central or support column forms part of the housing structure built around it. 13. An architectural structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein, said housing structures on different plots do not share a common floor or roof. 14. An architectural structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein, at least some of said plots are adapted for use for agricultural, horticultural, landscaped garden, park, recreational, and sporting use and the water reticulation system includes a drip irrigation system passing through the landfill in the plots. 15. A method of creating an architectural structure, said method comprising the steps of: constructing at least one column structure; constructing a plurality of recessed platform structures successively extending in an operative horizontal position from said column structure and supported thereby, said successive platform structures being spaced apart vertically and horizontally from each other so that each of the platforms is adapted to receive adequate sunlight and ventilation independently and an unobstructed scenic view; filling the recesses in said recessed platforms with a soil bed to form plots, wherein said soil is an aggregate of soil, clay, gravel and stones; constructing housing structures on at least some of said plots; providing a water reticulation system for at least some of said plots connecting water reticulation system in said plots to each other and to a central water supply system; recycling water after treatment and separation of solid waste from plot to plot and using the recycled water from a plot at a higher level, at a plot at a relatively lower level; providing means to access said plots from the ground level and from other plots; providing amenities/utilities to at least some of said plots; and providing a fencing around the plot of each platform, the fencing adapted to collect rain water and supply the collected rain water to the water reticulation system, the fencing having a series of flaps which at appropriate times can be folded or unfolded so that the fencing acts as a receptacle for rain water and feeds the collected rainwater to the water reticulation system, wherein the water reticulation system includes a perforated plate provided spaced apart from the base of the recess in said platform, forming a space between said plate and the recess for collection of the water percolated through the landfill; wherein each of the platforms is on a respectively different vertical level from the other platforms, each of the platforms being offset horizontally with respect to adjacent platforms, and each of the platforms being positioned in a superimposed relationship with another platform that is multiple levels apart from the respective platform. 16. A method for creating an architectural structure as claimed in claim 15 wherein said method includes providing support structures, such as beams, trusses and support columns for supporting the plots. 17. A method for creating an architectural structure as claimed in claim 15 wherein said method includes creating a gap at the base of each platform for collecting water percolated through the land fill in the platform and connecting the gap to the water reticulation system. 18. A method for creating an architectural structure as claimed in claim 15 wherein said soil bed is prepared in the recess by filling the recess with soil, clay, gravel and stones in a graded manner. 19. A method for creating an architectural structure as claimed in claim 15 which includes the step of constructing plots starting from a height of around 10 meters to around 30 meters for free movements of people, vehicles and for other public uses as vehicle parking, parks below the architectural structure. 20. A method for creating an architectural structure as claimed in claim 15 wherein the method includes constructing said housing structures or on said plots by incorporating the columns within the housing structure. 21. A method for creating an architectural structure as claimed in claim 15 wherein the method includes constructing a dwelling space surrounded by a landscaped garden on said plot. 22. A method for creating an architectural structure as claimed in claim 15 wherein said method includes providing solar panels mounted on the plots, and around the plots for generating electricity; generating electricity therefrom and using said electricity in the housing structures on said plots and for the water reticulation system. 23. A method for creating elevated plots as claimed in claim 15 wherein the method includes providing means for harvesting of rain water and storing said rainwater in holding tanks for later use. 24. A method for creating an architectural structure as claimed in claim 15 wherein series of such structures are connected by roadways, lanes at a height of 30 meters, and again at a height of 60 meters and so on, creating "Sky-villages". 