The present invention relates to a camera device for outdoor photography and a method to capture wildlife photographs. The camera device comprises: a four sided block; a solar panel on the top side of the block, where the solar panel supplies power to the camera device; a camera lens on each side of the block; a sensor on each side of the block, where the sensor detects motion and activates the camera lens associated with said sensor; and a programming panel on each side of the block, where the programming panel may program the functionality of each camera and sensor. The camera device also includes adequate memory and a processor, where the memory stores photographs taken by each camera and the processor executes commands related to the functionality of each camera and sensor of the camera device.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A camera device for outdoor photography comprising: a. a four sided block; b. a solar panel on the top side of the block, where the solar panel provides a means to supply power to the camera device; c. four cameras within the four sided block, where the four cameras enable the camera device to have a 360-degree view; d. a camera lens for each of the four cameras on each side of the block; e. a flash for each of the four cameras on each side of the block; f. a sensor for each of the four cameras on each side of the block, where the sensor provides a means to detect motion and activate the camera lens associated with said sensor; g. a programming panel for each of the four cameras on each side of the block, where the programming panel provides a means to program the functionality of each camera and sensor; h. a means to waterproof said camera device and enable the camera device to withstand various environmental conditions and i. a mounting means, where said mounting means enables the camera device to be mounted on a tripod. 2. The camera device according to claim 1, further comprising memory and a processor where the memory provides a means to store photographs taken by each camera and the processor executes commands related to the functionality of each camera and sensor of the camera device. 3. The camera device according to claim 1, further comprises a wireless communication means to transmit photographs to a remote location via the Internet. 4. The camera device according to claim 1, further including a means to camouflage said camera device. 5. The camera device according to claim 1, further including an anti-theft system to detect the movement of the camera device from a specified location. 