Disclosed embodiments include an apparatus for water sampling and analysis, the apparatus comprising: (a) a device for water sampling at a plurality of depths comprising a hosepipe and a plurality of internal independent pipes with a plurality of sampling inlets at a plurality of water depths, and (b) a pumping system to pump a sample of water collected using the device for water sampling at a plurality of depths to an isolated module for analysis. According to one embodiment, the apparatus is an autonomous multi-parametric buoy with capabilities for multi-depth water sampling, self-maintenance, monitoring, data collection, transmission, and analysis.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An apparatus for water sampling and analysis, said apparatus comprising: (a) a device for water sampling at one or more of depths comprising a hosepipe and one or more internal independent pipes with one or more sampling inlets at one or more water depths, and (b) a pumping system to pump a sample of water collected using said device for water sampling at one or more depths to an isolated module for analysis; and (c) a system for remote maintenance comprising a plurality of antifouling coatings and a self-cleaning system. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said pumping system is a mechanic pumping system. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said pumping system is a hydrostatic pumping system. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said pumping system is a pneumatic pumping system. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said isolated module comprises a plurality of analysis sensors protected from environmental agents. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said system for remote maintenance comprising a plurality of antifouling coatings and a self-cleaning system, further comprises a control module. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein said system for remote maintenance further comprises a self-calibration system. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein said system for remote maintenance comprises a plurality of self-cleaning containers including a plurality of cleaning liquids, fresh water, additives, calibration liquids, and a control module. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said control module in said system for remote maintenance performs self-cleaning and self-calibration based on: (a) a pre-programmed temporal schedule for maintenance; (b) an on-demand remote request; and (c) a function of the number of calibration cycles as a function of 1) time, 2) number of readings, and 3) available cleaning liquids, power, and meteorological conditions. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, further comprising a system for collecting, analyzing, storing, and transmitting monitoring data at pre-programmed time intervals or on-demand by means of two-way communications and remote control. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, further comprising a plurality of renewable energy sources. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein said renewable energy sources comprise a photovoltaic module, a wind module, and a wave module. 13. A buoy for water sampling and analysis, said buoy comprising: (a) a device for water sampling at a plurality of depths comprising a hosepipe and a plurality of internal independent pipes with a plurality of sampling inlets at a plurality of water depths; (b) a pumping system to pump a sample of water collected using said device for water sampling at a plurality of depths to an isolated module for analysis; (c) a system for remote maintenance comprising a 1) plurality of antifouling coatings, 2) a self-cleaning system, and 3) a self-calibration system; (d) a system for collecting, analyzing, storing, and transmitting monitoring data at pre-programmed time intervals or on-demand by means of two-way communications and remote control; and (e) a plurality of renewable energy sources. 14. The buoy of claim 13, wherein said pumping system is chosen from the group consisting of mechanic pumping systems, hydrostatic pumping systems, and pneumatic pumping systems. 15. The buoy of claim 13, wherein said system for remote maintenance comprises a plurality of self-cleaning containers including a plurality of cleaning liquids, fresh water, additives, calibration liquids, and a control module. 16. The buoy of claim 13, wherein said control module in said system for remote maintenance performs self-cleaning and self-calibration based on: (a) a pre-programmed temporal schedule for maintenance; (b) an on-demand remote request; and (c) a function of the number of calibration cycles as a function of 1) time, 2) number of readings, and 3) available cleaning liquids, power, and meteorological conditions. 17. The buoy of claim 13, said renewable energy sources comprise a photovoltaic module, a wind module, and a wave module. 