A solar simulator for measuring the current-voltage characteristics of photovoltaic devices, in which an irradiated test plane of the object to be measured is disposed opposite an illuminating surface of the light source, the whole test plane of the photovoltaic devices is divided imaginarily into a plurality of sections, and a selected member for adjusting irradiance is disposed opposite the test plane of each imaginary sections so as to equalize or substantially to equalize the irradiance by the light source at every irradiated test plane of the sections, after which light from the light source is directed onto the test plane of the object to be measured.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar simulator for measuring current-voltage characteristics of photovoltaic devices, characterized in that light without localized unevenness of irradiance irradiates a test plane of a photovoltaic device to be measured, the solar simulator apparatus comprising: a light source comprising a lamp and a reflector; means for mounting the photovoltaic device to be measured in such a way that the test plane of the photovoltaic device is disposed opposite said light source; and means for adjusting irradiance of the light from the light source comprising a plurality of shading members of different opacities for adjusting the irradiance of the light source and a planar support panel for supporting the shading members, a whole test plane of the photovoltaic device being divided into a plurality of sections exceeding in number the plurality of shading members, each shading member disposed opposite a respective one of the plurality of sections of the photovoltaic device, the light from the light source irradiating the test plane of the photovoltaic device through the means for adjusting irradiance. 2. The solar simulator according to claim 1, wherein the shading members comprise shades of different mesh densities coated to suppress reflection. 3. The solar simulator according to claim 1, wherein the shading members comprise shading tape with multiples holes therein to reduce light transmission therethrough. 4. The solar simulator according to claim 1, wherein the planar support panel is one of a transparent plastic or glass plate. 5. The solar simulator according to claim 1, wherein the planar support panel is a grid frame. 6. A photovoltaic test device for setting irradiance of a solar simulator, characterized in that irradiance of a test plane of said test photovoltaic device by light emitted from a light source attains a predetermined required value, the photovoltaic test device for setting irradiance having a configuration identical to a configuration of photovoltaic devices to be measured, a whole test plane of said test photovoltaic device divided into a plurality of sections, the photovoltaic test device comprising a plurality of shading members for adjusting irradiance, each of the shading members being disposed on the test plane of each section of the plurality of sections into which the test plane of the test photovoltaic device is divided to equalize current-voltage characteristics generated by the light emitted from the light source of the solar simulator in every section of the test plane, the plurality of sections into which the whole test plane of the photovoltaic device is divided exceeding in number the plurality of shading members. 7. The photovoltaic test device for setting irradiance according to claim 6, wherein the photovoltaic test device for setting the irradiance is composed of a plurality of test planes of each section formed on its test plane by a respective photovoltaic cell as a unit or by a plurality of photovoltaic cells as a unit. 8. The photovoltaic test device for setting irradiance according to claim 6, wherein the current-voltage characteristics on the test plane of each section are equalized by using the photovoltaic test device for setting irradiance so as to detect the current-voltage characteristics for a respective photovoltaic cell as a unit composed of the test plane of each section, or for a plurality of photovoltaic cells as a unit. 9. The photovoltaic test device for setting irradiance according to claim 6, wherein a plurality of types of the photovoltaic test device for setting irradiance are prepared in advance in accordance with a form determined by size and quantity of cells of a plurality of types of photovoltaic devices of an object to be measured, and the required photovoltaic test device for setting irradiance is selected in accordance with the form of the photovoltaic devices of the object to be measured, and set in an object-setting part of the solar simulator. 10. The photovoltaic device for setting the irradiance of the solar simulator according to claim 6, wherein the photovoltaic test device is selected from a plurality of photovoltaic test devices in accordance with the object to be measured in the solar simulator, wherein the shading members for adjusting irradiance are selected in advance in accordance with the size and the quantity of the test plane of each section formed respectively on a plurality of types of photovoltaic devices and disposed on a plurality of support means. 11. The photovoltaic test device according to claim 6, wherein the predetermined required value of irradiance over the whole test plane of the photovoltaic test device is 1,000 W/m.sup.2. 