Portable solar powered light sources, devices, apparatus, systems and methods of attaching and using the light source. The light sources can have a single small housing having an upper roof portion with an exposed solar cell, a photocell activator, and small housing. The housing can have two parts that pivot with one another so that a front end of the housing can be biased together by a spring, and the rear side having edges that are spaced apart. An operator can press the rear spaced apart edges together, to open the front end to slide about a support structure, such as an open umbrella fabric edge. The housing allows for the light source powered by batteries to be activated by the photocell during dark (night) conditions), with the light direction being adjustable underneath. During daylight, the solar cell receives sunlight to charge the batteries within the housing.
Claims I claim: 1. A method of operating a portable light source, comprising the steps of: providing a housing having an upper half section with an upper exposed surface and a lower surface, and a lower half section with a bottom exposed surface and an upper surface, the lower surface of the upper half section having a front portion with a generally planar surface with raised members, and the upper surface of the lower half section having a front portion with a generally planar surface with raised members; pivoting a rear portion of the upper half section to a rear portion of the lower half section; biasing the housing into a closed position with a spring wherein the front portions of both the upper half section and the lower half section abut one another to form a clip; expanding the front portions of the upper half section from the lower half section by squeezing the rear portions of the upper half section and the lower half section together; recharging a battery inside the housing by a solar cell mounted in the upper exposed surface of the housing; mounting a light source to a pivotable base in the lower half section; powering the light source on the bottom of the housing from the battery; emitting light from the light source below the housing; aiming the emitted light along different arc directions by rotating a rotatable wheel with serrated edges mounted in a rectangular opening in the bottom exposed surface of the lower half section, the rotatable wheel attached to the lower half section by a pivot rod axis inside the lower half section, the pivot rod axis being attached to the pivotable base of the light source, the wheel having an upper portion which remains above the bottom exposed surface of the lower half section, and a lower portion which remains exposed out of the rectangular opening and beneath the bottom exposed surface of the lower half section, wherein rotating the wheel by exposed portions of the serrated edges of the wheel rotates the light source to aim the light source along different arc directions downward from the bottom exposed surface of the lower half section of the housing; clipping the housing about a support structure that is positioned between the front portions of the upper half section and the lower half section. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of: activating the light source during dark environmental conditions with a photocell. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of: opening a lid that cover an opening to a battery compartment in the housing; removing the battery through the opening in the housing; and replacing the rechargeable battery by inserting another battery into the compartment; and closing the opening to the compartment by snapping the lid over the opening. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the support structure is a portion of an umbrella. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein the portion of the umbrella is an outer perimeter fabric edge about an opened umbrella. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the clipping step includes the step of: clamping the raised members on the front portion of the lower surface of the upper half section and the raised members on the front portion of the upper surface of the lower half section to both sides of the outer perimeter fabric edge of the opened umbrella, so that the outer perimeter fabric edge of the opened umbrella is gripped by and sandwiched between the upper half section and lower half section. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the support structure is a tree branch. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of: magnifying the emitted light with a dome shaped magnifying lens. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the light source is an LED (light emitting diode). 10. A method of operating a portable light source, comprising the steps of: providing a housing having an upper half section with an upper exposed surface and a lower surface, and a lower half section with a bottom exposed surface and an upper surface, the lower surface of the upper half section having a front portion with a generally planar surface, and the upper surface of the lower half section having a front portion with a generally planar surface; pivoting a rear portion of the upper half section to a rear portion of the lower half section; biasing the housing into a closed position with a spring wherein the front portions of both the upper half section and the lower half section abut one another to form a clip; expanding the front portions of the upper half section from the lower half section by squeezing the rear portions of the upper half section and the lower half section together; recharging a battery inside the housing by a solar cell mounted in the upper exposed surface of the housing; powering a light source on the bottom of the housing from the battery; emitting light from the light source below the housing; and clamping the front portion of the lower surface of the upper half section and the front portion of the upper surface of the lower half section to both sides of an outer perimeter fabric edge of an opened umbrella, so that the outer perimeter fabric edge of the opened umbrella is gripped by and sandwiched between the upper half section and lower half section. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising the steps of: mounting the light source to a pivotable base in the lower half section; and aiming the emitted light along different arc directions by rotating a rotatable wheel with serrated edges mounted in a rectangular opening in the bottom exposed surface of the lower half section, the rotatable wheel attached to the lower half section by a pivot rod axis inside the lower half section, the pivot rod axis being attached to the pivotable base of the light source, the wheel having an upper portion which remains above the bottom exposed surface of the lower half section, and a lower portion which remains exposed out of the rectangular opening and beneath the bottom exposed surface of the lower half section, wherein rotating the wheel by exposed portions of the serrated edges of the wheel rotates the light source to aim the light source along different arc directions downward from the bottom exposed surface of the lower half section of the housing. 