A timepiece is equipped with a movement (module), a solar cell panel, a ring member, and a dial (timepiece display plate). The panel is fixed to the module. The ring member is fixed to the peripheral portion of the movement. The ring member has, at a plurality of positions thereof, recesses, and a pair of engagement protrusions protruding upwardly from the bottom of each recess. The recesses are respectively open in an upper surface and the outer peripheral surface of the ring member. The pair of engagement protrusions form a gap G between them, and are capable of elastic deformation. A proximal portion of each engagement protrusion is situated below the upper surface of the ring member. The dial has cutouts at a plurality of positions of its peripheral portion. Each of these cutouts is engaged with each pair of engagement protrusions to cover the panel, and the dial is mounted to the ring member such that the peripheral portions of the cutouts cover the recesses.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A timepiece comprising: a module; a panel fixed to the module; a ring member fixed to a peripheral portion of the module, the ring member being provided, at a plurality of positions thereof, with recesses respectively open to an upper surface and an outer peripheral surface of the ring member, with a pair of engagement protrusions forming a gap therebetween and capable of elastic deformation protruding upwardly from the bottom of each recess, with proximal portions thereof being situated below the upper surface; and a timepiece display plate having cutouts at a plurality of peripheral positions thereof, with the cutouts being engaged with the pair of engagement protrusions for the mounting of the timepiece display plate to the ring member, and arranged so as to cover the panel, with the peripheral portions of the cutouts covering the recesses. 2. A timepiece according to claim 1, wherein the proximal portions of the engagement protrusions are formed so as to be gradually increased in thickness as they extend toward the bottoms of the recesses. 3. A timepiece according to claim 2, wherein, in a section of the engagement protrusions taken along the axial direction, the peripheral surfaces of the proximal portions are formed by arcs extending from the portions of the engagement protrusions above the proximal portions to the bottom surfaces of the recesses to connect them together. 4. A timepiece according to claim 1, wherein the engagement protrusions are substantially of a quadratic-prism-like configuration. 5. A timepiece according to claim 1, wherein the portions of the recesses are of the same depth. 6. A timepiece according to claim 4, wherein each recess is formed to have a pair of mutually parallel first recessed portions which have groove side surfaces consisting of one side surfaces of the proximal portions situated on the sides opposite to the gap of the pair of engagement protrusions arranged in the recess and whose one ends are open in the outer peripheral surface of the ring member, a second recessed portion which has groove side surfaces consisting of the other side surfaces of the proximal portions facing the gap and whose one end is open in the outer peripheral surface of the ring member and also serves as the lower portion of the gap, and a third recessed portion which extends between the other ends of the pair of first recessed portions and whose central portion in the longitudinal direction is continuous with the other end of the second recessed portion, with the pair of first recessed portions being formed deeper than the second recessed portion. 7. A timepiece according to claim 4, wherein a bead extending parallel to the direction in which the center axes of the engagement protrusions extend is formed on a side surface of each engagement protrusion on the side opposite to the gap, and this bead is engaged with an edge of the cutout. 8. A timepiece according to claim 1, wherein the panel is a solar cell panel which generates power through photoelectric conversion. 9. A timepiece according to claim 1, wherein the panel is a light emitting panel emitting light in a state in which electricity is supplied thereto. 