A vertical solar panel array including a portable base with a rotatable surface and a plurality of double-sided solar panels each having a plurality of solar cells mounted on each side thereof. The plurality of double-sided solar panels are mounted vertically on the rotatable surface of the base. Electrical circuitry couples each solar cell of the plurality of solar cells to an output terminal. An electric motor is mechanically coupled between the base and the rotatable surface to provide rotation and a controller is coupled to the electric motor and to a light sensor. The controller is programmed to analyze readings from the light sensor and to control the electric motor to align the plurality of double-sided solar panels with the sun for maximum output.
Claims Having fully described the invention in such clear and concise terms as to enable those skilled in the art to understand and practice the same, the invention claimed is: 1. A vertical solar panel array comprising: a base including a rotatable surface; a plurality of double-sided solar panels including a plurality of solar cells mounted on each side of each double-sided solar panel of the plurality of double-sided solar panels, the plurality of double-sided solar panels mounted vertically on the rotatable surface of the base; electrical circuitry coupled to each solar cell of the plurality of solar cells and coupling electrical energy from the solar cells to a terminal; an electric motor mechanically coupled between the base and the rotatable surface; and a controller coupled to the electric motor and to a light sensor and positioned in the base, the controller programmed to analyze readings from the light sensor and to control the electric motor to align the plurality of double-sided solar panels with the sun for maximum output. 2. A vertical solar panel array as claimed in claim 1 and further including at least one of horizontal mirrors and mirror back-panels mounted on the rotatable surface of the base and positioned to direct sunlight onto the plurality of double-sided solar panels. 3. A vertical solar panel array as claimed in claim 1 wherein the base is designed to be portable. 4. A vertical solar panel array as claimed in claim 3 wherein the base includes ground engaging wheels. 5. A vertical solar panel array as claimed in claim 3 wherein each double-sided solar panel of the plurality of double-sided solar panels includes support structure positioned at an upper end thereof, the support structure designed to receive and support an additional solar panel array. 6. A vertical solar panel array as claimed in claim 1 further including conversion apparatus designed to convert generated direct current electricity into alternating current electricity. 7. A vertical solar panel array as claimed in claim 6 wherein the conversion apparatus includes one of an analog to digital converter and filter, a vibrator and filter, and transformers. 8. A vertical solar panel array as claimed in claim 1 wherein the controller includes one of a microprocessor and a logic array. 9. A vertical solar panel array comprising: a portable base including a rotatable surface; a plurality of double-sided solar panels including a plurality of solar cells mounted on each side of each double-sided solar panel of the plurality of double-sided solar panels, the plurality of double-sided solar panels mounted vertically on the rotatable surface of the base; at least one of horizontal mirrors and mirror back-panels mounted on the rotatable surface of the base and positioned to direct sunlight onto the plurality of double-sided solar panels; electrical circuitry coupled to each solar cell of the plurality of solar cells and coupling electrical energy from the solar cells to a terminal; conversion apparatus coupled to the electrical circuitry, the conversion apparatus designed to convert generated direct current electricity into alternating current electricity at the terminal; an electric motor mechanically coupled between the base and the rotatable surface; and a controller coupled to the electric motor and to a light sensor and positioned in the base, the controller programmed to analyze readings from the light sensor and to control the electric motor to align the plurality of double-sided solar panels with the sun for maximum output. 10. A vertical solar panel array as claimed in claim 9 wherein the base includes ground engaging wheels. 11. A vertical solar panel array as claimed in claim 9 wherein each double-sided solar panel of the plurality of double-sided solar panels includes support structure positioned at an upper end thereof, the support structure designed to receive and support an additional solar panel array. 12. A vertical solar panel array as claimed in claim 9 wherein the conversion apparatus includes one of an analog to digital converter and filter, a vibrator and filter, and transformers. 13. A vertical solar panel array as claimed in claim 9 wherein the controller includes one of a microprocessor and a logic array. 14. A method of generating electricity comprising the steps of: providing a portable base including a rotatable surface and a plurality of double-sided solar panels including a plurality of solar cells mounted on each side of each double-sided solar panel of the plurality of double-sided solar panels; mounting the plurality of double-sided solar panels vertically on the rotatable surface of the base; controlling the base to align the plurality of double-sided solar panels with the sun for maximum output; and coupling electrical energy from each solar cell of the plurality of solar cells to an output terminal. 15. A method as claimed in claim 14 including a step of positioning at least one of horizontal mirrors and mirror back-panels on the rotatable surface of the base to direct sunlight onto the plurality of double-sided solar panels. 16. A method as claimed in claim 14 including a step of converting generated direct current electricity into alternating current electricity at the output terminal. 17. A vertical solar panel array comprising: a plurality of double-sided solar panels including a plurality of solar cells mounted on each side of each double-sided solar panel of the plurality of double-sided solar panels, the plurality of double-sided solar panels mounted vertically; electrical circuitry coupled to each solar cell of the plurality of solar cells and coupling electrical energy from the solar cells to a terminal; mirror back-panels positioned to direct sunlight onto the plurality of double-sided solar panels. 18. A vertical solar panel array as claimed in claim 17 and further including a base wherein the base is designed to be portable. 19. A vertical solar panel array as claimed in claim 17 and further including a base wherein the base includes horizontal mirrors positioned to direct sunlight onto the plurality of double-sided solar panels. 20. A vertical solar panel array as claimed in claim 17, further including a base wherein the base includes horizontal single-sided solar panels positioned in between the vertical double-sided solar panels, electrical circuitry coupled to each single sided horizontal solar cell of the plurality of solar cells and coupling electrical energy from the solar cells to a terminal. 