Structure (1) for mounting, on a building wall, at least one frame (50) consisting of a rectangular framework (51), comprising a carcass (2) made of at least two uprights (3) and at least two crossbars (4) assembled so as to form at least one rectangular underframe (15) adapted for receiving a frame (50), and means for fixing at least one frame on the carcass, each upright (3) having a central core (31) bordered by two side wings (32, 33) comprising recesses (38, 39) for receiving the crossbars (4). Each crossbar (4) has a central core (40) and side wings (41, 42) comprising recesses in line with the uprights (3) at the intersections between the crossbars (4) and the uprights (3) in such a way that the wings of the uprights (3) and the crossbars (4), extending on the inner periphery of the rectangular underframe (15), form a projecting border on which a frame (5) may be fitted. Wall provided with a structure of this type on which panel-holding frames are mounted.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. Structure for mounting, on a building wall, at least one frame having a rectangular framework, the structure comprising a carcass made of at least two uprights and at least two crossbars assembled so as to form at least one rectangular underframe adapted for receiving said frame, the structure comprising fixtures for fixing at least said frame on the carcass, each upright and each crossbar having a central core and two side wings extending upwardly from said central core and the side wings of the uprights comprising recesses for receiving the crossbars, the central cores of the crossbars extending in the recesses of the side wings of the uprights, the side wings of the crossbars comprising recesses in line with the uprights at the intersections between the crossbars and the uprights in such a way that the side wings of the uprights and the crossbars, extending on the inner periphery of the rectangular underframe, form an upwardly projecting border on which said frame may be fitted. 2. Structure according to claim 1, wherein the core of an upright comprises at least one gutter extending along the entire length of the upright. 3. Structure according to claim 2, wherein the gutter is delimited by at least one rib extending over the entire length of the upright. 4. Structure according to claim 2, wherein the core of a crossbar comprises at least one opening intended to open above the gutter of an upright on which the crossbar rests. 5. Structure according to claim 4, wherein the core of a crossbar is shaped in such a way as to have at least in the region of intersection with an upright, a face projecting in the same direction as the wings. 6. Structure according to claim 1, wherein a side wing of a crossbar is inclined towards the interior of the crossbar in such a way as to allow the attachment of a frame held by the structure. 7. Structure according to claim 1, wherein the fixtures comprise anchoring devices and fixing beadings held by the anchoring devices and extending above the uprights, the anchoring devices and the fixing beadings being provided in such a way that the fixing beadings come into contact at least with the upper face of an edge of a frame. 8. Structure according to claim 7, wherein at least one fixture comprises a locking head in the upper part thereof, and the fixing beading comprises a locking lug adapted to be clipped onto the locking head. 9. Structure according to claim 7, wherein at least one fixture comprises a screw head in the upper part thereof, and in that the fixing beading comprises at one end thereof a screw paddle adapted to be fixed to the screw head by means of a screw, and the fixing beading comprises at the other end thereof a cover paddle comprising a clipping lug adapted to be clipped onto a screw paddle. 10. Structure according to claim 8, wherein the fixture comprises of a screw body comprising a distal screw spindle for screwing into a structural element of the wall of a building and a proximal screw spindle separated from the distal screw spindle by a drive for driving the screw body, and of a spacer adapted to be screwed onto the proximal screw spindle of the screw body, the spacer comprising a locking head or screw head. 11. Structure according to claim 7, wherein the fixing beadings are adapted to extend on either side of a region separating two adjacent frames, in such a way as to provide tight covering of the separation region of the frames. 12. Building wall comprising a structure according to claim 1. 13. Building wall according to claim 12, wherein said building wall forms a roof pan and comprises parallel beams, and wherein the uprights of the structure extend along parallel beams and are fixed to the parallel beams. 14. Building wall according to claim 13, wherein it further comprises trays which are fixed to the parallel beams below the structure. 15. Building wall according to claim 14, wherein the trays are trays made of plastics materials or of glue-laminated timber or of plywood, or metal trays made of a multilayer insulating material, or double glazing panels. 16. Building wall according to claim 12, wherein said building wall comprises at least one panel of photovoltaic cells fixed to a frame by the structure. 17. Building wall according to claim 13, wherein said building wall comprises at least one panel of photovoltaic cells fixed to a frame by the structure. 18. Building wall according to claim 14, wherein said building wall comprises at least one panel of photovoltaic cells fixed to a frame by the structure. 19. Building wall according to claim 15, wherein said building wall comprising at least one panel of photovoltaic cells fixed to a frame by the structure. 