A photovoltaic power plant design is disclosed where a two-tier DC power collection method is used in concert with specific array field geometries and equipment locations to minimize system wiring costs and/or resistive wiring losses.
Claims What I claim as my invention is: 1. A power plant for converting DC power from photovoltaic sources to AC power comprising; a plurality of photovoltaic modules, a plurality of components referenced herein as field combiner boxes, a component referenced herein as a master combiner box and a DC-to-AC power converter and wherein each said field combiner box comprises; a plurality of input ports, a plurality of fuses and an output port wherein each input port is coupled to a unique first fuse terminal and wherein a common coupling is made between a second fuse terminal of each of said plurality of fuses and said output port and furthermore wherein said master combiner box comprises; a plurality of input ports, a plurality of fuses and an output port wherein each input port is coupled to a unique first fuse terminal and wherein a common coupling is made between a second fuse terminal of each of said plurality of fuses and said output port and furthermore where said plurality of photovoltaic modules are electrically coupled to form a plurality of series strings and where each series string is coupled to a unique said input port of said field combiner box and where each said output port of each said field combiner box is coupled to a said input port of said master combiner and where said output port of said master combiner is connected to an input port of said DC-to-AC power converter. 2. The power plant for converting DC power from photovoltaic sources to AC power according to claim 1 comprising; two tiers of DC power collection and overcurrent protection; a low current tier and a high current tier wherein said low current tier is facilitated by said field combiner boxes, to provide localized power collection within a photovoltaic array field and wherein said high current tier is facilitated by said master combiner box or boxes to provide a final collection point for all DC power to be converted by said DC-to-AC converter and where a photovoltaic array field is physically configured to provide the shortest path for connections between said field combiner box output ports and said master combiner box input ports. 3. The power plant for converting DC power from photovoltaic sources to AC power according to claim 2 where said fuses are replaced by circuit breakers or any alternate means for overcurrent protection. 4. The power plant for converting DC power from photovoltaic sources to AC power according to claim 1 where a number of field combiner box output ports are electrically coupled in daisy-chain fashion where an output port of a first field combiner box is coupled to an output port of a second field combiner box and so on to any number of additional combiner box output ports and to a final field combiner box output port where a coupling is made from said final field combiner box output port to a master combiner box input port. 5. The power plant for converting DC power from photovoltaic sources to AC power according to claim 4 where said fuses are replaced by circuit breakers or any alternate means for overcurrent protection. 6. The power plant for converting DC power from photovoltaic sources to AC power according to claim 1 comprising; at least one single-axis tracker assembly, a flexible cable and a stationary junction box wherein said single-axis tracker assembly further comprises; an axial torque tube, a portion of said plurality of series strings of photovoltaic modules, one of said field combiner boxes and series string conductors, and where all four named single-axis tracker assembly elements rotate together and where said series string conductors are routed through said axial torque tube and couple the single-axis tracker assembly series strings to the single-axis tracker assembly field combiner box input ports and where the output port of said single-axis tracker assembly combiner box is coupled to said stationary junction box with said flexible cable. 7. The power plant for converting DC power from photovoltaic sources to AC power according to claim 6 where said fuses are replaced by circuit breakers or any alternate means for overcurrent protection. 8. The power plant for converting DC power from photovoltaic sources to AC power according to claim 1 where said fuses are replaced by circuit breakers or any alternate means for overcurrent protection. 9. A method for converting DC energy from photovoltaic sources to AC energy where series strings are created from a number of series-connected photovoltaic modules and associated series string conductors and where the series strings are protected from excessive current by series string fuses and then electrically connected in parallel to form a high current circuit which carries the sum of the paralleled series string circuit currents and where a number of said high current circuits are protected from excessive current by high current fuses and then electrically connected in parallel to form a circuit which carries the sum of the paralleled high current circuit currents which is in turn connected to a DC-to-AC power converter input and where a DC-to-AC power converter output is connected to a polyphase electrical utility grid, a polyphase electrical distribution system or a polyphase load. 10. A method according to claim 9 where a photovoltaic array field layout, arrangement or geometry is specifically designed to minimize conductor lengths in said high current circuit or circuits. 11. A method according to claim 9 where a number of high current circuits are collected in daisy-chain fashion, output to output, before connecting to overcurrent protection and then to a DC-to-AC converter input. 12. A method according to claim 9 where photovoltaic modules are attached to a mounting structure and where a structural member of the mounting structure is used as electrical conduit or raceway for series string conductors. 13. A method for converting DC energy from photovoltaic sources to AC according to claim 9 where said fuses are replaced by circuit breakers or any alternate means for overcurrent protection. 