A power-management system and method for photovoltaic installations connecting to the grid incorporates monitoring active and/or reactive power, account being taken at all times of grid requirements, in order to allow temporary demand arising in the grid to be addressed, thereby contributing to regulation of the grid and to the stability and quality thereof.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A method for power management in a photovoltaic installation equipped with a plurality of power control minimum units (PCMU), said method including carrying out an active power control comprising: establishing an active power reserve set_point for the photovoltaic installation; the active power reserve set_point being selected from among an economic optimization algorithm, a grid frequency control loop, external requirements, an installation power output variation rate control loop and a combination thereof; determining a first array of power control minimum units "PCMU" which operate without limiting active power of the photovoltaic installation; estimating the active power producible by the photovoltaic installation; and determining a second array of power control minimum units "PCMU" which operate so as to limit the active power of the photovoltaic installation at a certain value; where the limiting operation is established from the active power reserve set_point and from the estimation of producible active power. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the estimation of producible active power is obtained by at least one option selected from the group consisting of: power generated by the first array of power control minimum units "PCMU", at least one calibrated photovoltaic cell, an orientation of any of the arrays of power control minimum units "PCMU" with respect to the sun and from a sample of the V-I curve of the power control minimum units "PCMU", obtained by variation in a periodic operating voltage of the power control minimum units "PCMU". 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the number of units that form the second array of power control minimum units "PCMU" is selected based on an active power limitation required from said second array of power control minimum units, and taking into account that the number of units that form the first array of power control minimum units "PCMU" must constitute a representative sample of the photovoltaic installation. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein a percentage of the active power reserve is obtained by modifying an orientation of at least one of the power control minimum units of the second array of power control minimum units "PCMU". 5. The method of claim 1, wherein a percentage of the active power reserve is achieved by controlling the operating voltage of at least one of the power control minimum units of the second array of power control minimum units "PCMU". 6. The method of claim 1, wherein a percentage of the active power reserve is obtained through the connection and disconnection of at least one power control minimum unit "PCMU". 7. The method of claim 1, wherein a percentage of a desired active power reserve is obtained from the consumption of a controlled load. 8. A method for power management in a photovoltaic installation equipped with at least one electronic converter, said method includes carrying out a reactive power control comprising: establishing a reactive power set point for the photovoltaic installation; and determining a reactive power generated or consumed by each electronic converter of the installation; wherein: the reactive power reserve set point is selected from among an economic optimization algorithm, a grid voltage control loop, external requirements and any combination thereof; the reactive power generated or consumed by each electronic converter is carried out in a coordinated manner between different electronic converters through a block that executes an optimization algorithm based on the following criteria: i) an active power of each electronic converter; ii) the reactive power of each electronic converter; iii) a proportion of reactive power produced with respect to its capacity. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein it further comprising modifying the reactive power set point in at least one of the electronic converters, by an internal voltage regulation loop to maintain an output voltage within previously established limits. 10. The method of claim 8, wherein the reactive power is controlled independently in each of the electronic converters. 11. A system for power management in a photovoltaic installation, said system comprising: at least one control unit "CU", where said CU comprises means for managing power in the photovoltaic installation, selected from among active power management means, reactive power management means and a combination thereof; at least one Power Control Minimum Unit "PCMU" consisting of an array of photovoltaic generators where an energy production of each Power Control Minimum Unit is individually controlled; at least one electronic converter "EC" for transforming direct current into alternating current; one local control unit "LCU" associated to each array of PCMU; a communications network that interconnects at least one local control unit "UCL" with at least the control unit "CU" and with at least one electronic converter "EC"; wherein the means for managing the active power of the control unit comprises the following means: means for monitoring the active power of different PCMUs; means for establishing an operating mode of each PCMU; means for sending active power set points to each PCMU. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the control unit "CU" and local control unit "LCU" form part of a single device. 13. The system of claim 11, further including a device for controlling a position of at least one PCMU with respect to the sun. 14. The system of claim 11, further including a device for controlling an operating voltage of at least one PCMU. 15. The system of claim 11, further including at least one controlled load that consumes the active energy generated by the photovoltaic installation, being a percentage of the active power reserve of the photovoltaic installation. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the controlled load is an element selected from among an electric load and an energy storage unit, in turn selected from among an electrolyzer, a battery, a flywheel and a supercapacitor. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the control unit comprises means for controlling variations in power output of the installation, using energy stored in each energy storage unit. 18. The system of claim 15, wherein said controlled load is connected in parallel to an entrance of the electronic converters "EC". 19. The system of claim 15, wherein said controlled load is connected in parallel to an exit of the electronic converters "EC". 