In one embodiment, an improved circuit breaker module is installed in an electrical panel of a customer structure that receives power from a solar cell module and a utility company. The circuit breaker module may include a current sensor for sensing electrical current drawn by the customer structure from the utility company. The circuit breaker module may further include a current processing unit for capturing sensed electrical current values to generate energy consumption data and a data transmitter for transmitting energy consumption data to a remotely located data collection computer. The circuit breaker module may transmit energy consumption data over a wired or wireless data link. The circuit breaker module advantageously allows for relatively low cost and easy installation, encouraging installation of solar cell modules even in existing customer structures.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of monitoring energy consumption by a customer structure, the method comprising: providing a circuit breaker module in a single electrical panel of a customer structure that receives power from a utility company and an additional power source, the electrical panel receiving power from a main feed of the utility company to the customer structure through a utility meter of the utility company for distribution to a rest of the customer structure, the circuit breaker module including a first electrical circuit and a second electrical circuit within a housing of the circuit breaker module; measuring energy consumed by the customer structure using the first electrical circuit within the housing of the circuit breaker module to generate energy consumption data indicative of an amount of energy consumed by the customer structure; and transmitting the energy consumption data from the second electrical circuit within the housing of the circuit breaker module to a remotely located data collection computer. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the energy consumption data comprise electrical current values that are time stamped. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein measuring the energy consumed by the customer structure comprises: sensing electrical current flowing through the first electrical circuit; converting the sensed electrical current to a digital value; and storing the digital value. 4. The method of claim 3 further comprising: time stamping the digital value; and transmitting the time stamped digital value to the data collection computer as the energy consumption data. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the first electrical circuit comprises a transformer, an analog to digital converter, and an analysis and control circuit. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the second electrical circuit comprises a power line modem. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the second electrical circuit comprises a wireless data link. 8. The method of claim 1 further comprising: determining an energy balance of the customer structure. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein the additional power source comprises a solar cell module, and wherein determining the energy balance of the customer structure comprises: comparing an amount of energy drawn by the customer structure from the solar cell module against an amount of energy drawn by the customer structure from the utility company using the energy consumption data transmitted from the circuit breaker module. 10. A method of monitoring energy consumption by a customer structure, the method comprising: installing a circuit breaker module in a single electrical panel of a customer structure that receives power from a utility company through a utility meter of the utility company and from a solar cell module, the electrical panel receiving power from a main feed of the utility company to the customer structure for distribution to a rest of the customer structure; using the circuit breaker module to monitor electrical current drawn by the customer structure from the utility company to generate an electrical current value; and transmitting the electrical current value from the circuit breaker module to a remotely located data collection computer. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein the circuit breaker module replaces an existing circuit breaker in the electrical panel. 12. The method of claim 10 wherein the circuit breaker module transmits the electrical current value over AC power lines coupling the circuit breaker module and the data collection computer. 13. The method of claim 10 wherein the circuit breaker module transmits the electrical current value to the data collection computer along with a corresponding time stamp. 14. The method of claim 10 wherein using the circuit breaker module to monitor electrical current drawn by the customer structure from the utility company to generate the electrical current value comprises: sensing electrical current flowing through the circuit breaker module; converting the sensed electrical current to a digital value; and storing the digital value. 15. The method of claim 10 further comprising: determining an energy balance of the customer structure by comparing an amount of energy drawn by the customer structure from the solar cell module against an amount of energy drawn by the customer structure from the utility company based at least on electrical current values transmitted from the circuit breaker module to the remotely located data collection computer. 