A solar water heater includes a number of elongate water heating units which can be interconnected in series. The solar water heater can be installed vertically or inclined to have maximum solar exposure. Each water heating unit can utilize inner and outer glass tubes, which may or may not be a twin glass tube, to collect and conserve solar thermal energy inside. An inner metal water container extends through an opening in the inner and outer glass tubes. Heat transfer elements can be inserted between the inner tube and the metal water container. The solar water heater can work on natural convection and city water pressure.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar water heater, comprising: a plurality of water heating units, each water heating unit being elongate with a length at least three times greater than a diameter thereof, said plurality of water heating units being oriented with respect to the Earth during operation between a first angle equal to or greater than fifteen degrees and a second angle equal to or less than ninety degrees; an inner glass tube and an outer glass tube for each of said plurality of water heating units, said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube defining a heat insulation region therebetween, said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube defining an opening at one end of said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube; a metal water container for each of said plurality of water heating units mounted inside of said inner and outer glass tubes and extending through said opening at said one end of said inner and outer glass tubes; a metal flange for each of said plurality of water heating units secured to each metal water container; a metal base box to which said metal flange for each of said plurality of water heating units is secured; an insulation gasket between metal water container and metal base box; a plurality of fluid interconnections positioned within said metal base box which fluidly connect between said plurality of water heating units; insulation material supported within said metal base box which surrounds said plurality of fluid interconnections; an end seal for each of said plurality of water heating units which engagingly seals between said metal water container and said inner glass tube to seal said opening at said one end of said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube. 2. The solar water heater of claim 1, further comprising an inlet metal tube and an outlet metal tube within in each metal water container, said outlet metal tube extending to an upper region of each metal water container, said inlet metal tube fluidly connecting to a base portion of said outlet metal tube. 3. The solar water heater of claim 2, wherein said plurality of fluid interconnections between said plurality of water heating units connect said inlet metal tube and said outlet metal tube for said plurality of water heating units in series such that a first water heating unit in series receives water into said solar water heating unit, and a last water heating unit provides a heated water output from said solar water heater, and wherein each water heating unit in series between said first water heating unit and said last water heating unit further comprises a metal drain outlet tube operable to drain water away from said solar water heater. 4. The solar water heater of claim 1, further comprising an upper frame which engages an upper end of said outer glass tube for each of said plurality of water heating units to support said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube, whereby a weight of said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube urges said one end of said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube into sealing engagement with said end seal. 5. The solar water heater of claim 1, further comprising a heat exchanger comprising a plurality of metal members positioned between said inner glass tube and said metal water container. 6. The solar water heating unit of claim 5, wherein said heat exchanger comprises a plurality of flexible metal films or fins. 7. The solar water heating unit of claim 1, further comprising an upper metal base box filled with insulation positioned on top of said base box and surrounding said end seal for each of said plurality of water heating units. 8. The solar water heater of claim 1, wherein said metal flange for each of said plurality of water heating units is welded to each metal water container to seal a bottom portion of each metal water container. 9. The solar water heater of claim 1, wherein said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube are joined together to form a single one-piece twin glass tube, which seals said heat insulation region therein. 10. A method for making a solar water heater, comprising: providing a plurality of elongate water heating units with a length at least three times greater than a diameter thereof, orienting said plurality of water heating units during operation between a first angle equal to or greater than fifteen degrees and a second angle equal to or less than ninety degrees; providing an inner glass tube and an outer glass tube for each of said plurality of water heating units; providing that said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube define an evacuated region therebetween; providing that said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube define an opening at one end of said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube; mounting a metal water container inside of said inner and outer glass tubes for each of said plurality of water heating units; providing that said metal water container extends through said opening at said one end of said inner and outer glass tubes for each of said plurality of water heating units; providing a metal flange for each of said plurality of water heating units secured to each metal water container; providing a metal base box; securing said metal flange for each of said plurality of water heating units to said metal base box; providing a plurality of fluid interconnections within said metal base box which fluidly connect between said plurality of water heating units providing that said base box contains insulation material around said plurality of fluid interconnections; and sealing said opening at said one end of said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube providing an end seal for each of said plurality of water heating units between said metal water container and said inner glass tube. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising providing an inlet metal tube and an outlet metal tube within in each metal water container, and providing that said outlet metal tube extends to an upper region of each metal water container, and providing that said inlet metal tube is shorter than said outlet metal tube. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising providing that said plurality of fluid interconnections between said plurality of water heating units connect said inlet metal tube and said outlet metal tube for said plurality of water heating units in series such that a first water heating unit in series receives water into said solar water heating unit, and a last water heating unit provides a heated water output from said solar water heater, and further comprising providing that each water heating unit in series between said first water heating unit and said last water heating unit further comprise a separate drain outlet metal tube. 13. The method of claim 10, further comprising providing an upper frame which engages an upper end of said outer glass tube for each of said plurality of water heating units to support said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube, wherein a weight of said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube urges said one end of said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube into sealing engagement with said end seal. 14. The method of claim 10, further comprising providing a metallic heat exchanger between said inner glass tube and said metal water container. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising providing that said heat exchanger comprises a plurality of flexible metal films or fins. 16. The method of claim 10, further comprising providing an upper metal base box filled with insulation and positioning said upper base box on top of said base box and surrounding said end seal for each of said plurality of water heating units. 17. The method of claim 10, further comprising providing that said metal flange for each of said plurality of water heating units is welded to each metal water container to seal a bottom of each metal water container. 18. A solar water heater, comprising: a plurality of water heating units, each water heating unit being elongate with a length at least three times greater than a diameter thereof, said plurality of water heating units being oriented during operation between a first angle equal to or greater than forty-five degrees and a second angle equal to or less than ninety degrees; an inner glass tube and an outer glass tube for each of said plurality of water heating units, said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube defining a heat insulation region therebetween, said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube defining an opening at one end of said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube; a metal water container for each of said plurality of water heating units mounted inside of said inner and outer glass tubes and extending through said opening at said one end of said inner and outer glass tubes; a heat exchanger comprising a plurality of metal members positioned between said inner glass tube and said metal water container; a metal bottom for each of said plurality of water heating units secured to each metal water container; a metal base box to which said metal bottom for each of said plurality of water heating units is secured; a plurality of fluid interconnections which fluidly connect between said plurality of water heating units; insulation material surrounding said plurality of fluid interconnections; an end seal for each of said plurality of water heating units which engagingly seals between said metal water container and said inner glass tube to seal said opening at said one end of said inner glass tube and said outer glass tube; an inlet metal tube and an outlet metal tube within in each metal water container, said outlet metal tube extending to an upper region of each metal water container, said inlet metal tube fluidly connecting to a lower portion of said outlet metal tube wherein said plurality of fluid interconnections between said plurality of water heating units connect said inlet metal tube and said outlet metal tube for said plurality of water heating units; and a metal drain outlet tube separate from said inlet metal tube and said outlet metal tube operable to drain water out of a group of said plurality of water heating units away from said solar water heater. 