The crane block camera system attaches onto a crane block in order to provide video footage of the area around the crane block. The system attaches onto the crane block and includes electrical generating means thereon. The video footage is transmitted wirelessly where it is received by a receiver and monitor located near the crane operator.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A crane block camera system comprising: a video camera that mounts onto a crane block by attaching means, and of which transmits via a transmitter a video signal wirelessly to a receiver; an electrical generating means for producing electricity remotely is included; a powering means powers both the transmitter and the video camera; wherein the powering means comprises at least one battery, which is rechargeable; wherein the electrical generating means comprises at least one solar cell or a flywheel and generator; wherein the flywheel and generator produce electricity by aligning a crane cable across the flywheel, such that when the crane cable rises up or down with respect to a crane block, the flywheel and generator rotates; and wherein the generator transmits electricity to the battery. 2. The crane block camera system as described in claim 1 wherein the attaching means comprises a plurality of arms that extend outwardly and include mounting holes. 3. The crane block camera system as described in claim 2 wherein the attaching means are secured to the crane block via fastening means comprising bolts, screws, rivets, nails, welding, or gluing. 4. The crane block camera system as described in claim 1 wherein the crane block camera system is enclosed within a housing; and wherein the video camera is mounted on a bottom surface of said housing such that the video camera is directed downward from a top surface of the crane block. 5. The crane block camera system as described in claim 4 wherein the housing is made of a material comprising a metal, plastic, wood, or carbon fiber composite. 6. A crane block camera system comprising: a video camera that mounts onto a crane block by attaching means; a central processing unit (hereinafter CPU) receives a video signal from the video camera and transmits said video signal via a transmitter to a receiver; an electrical generating means for producing electricity remotely is included; a powering means powers both the CPU, the transmitter and the video camera; wherein the powering means comprises at least one battery, which is rechargeable; wherein the electrical generating means comprises at least one solar cell or a flywheel and generator; wherein the flywheel and generator produce electricity by aligning a crane cable across the flywheel, such that when the crane cable rises up or down with respect to a crane block, the flywheel and generator rotates; and wherein the generator transmits electricity to the battery; wherein the crane block camera system is enclosed within a housing, and includes a plurality of slots that enable the crane cable to enter and exit the housing; and wherein the flywheel is aligned between said slots. 7. The crane block camera system as described in claim 6 wherein the attaching means comprises a plurality of arms that extend outwardly and include mounting holes. 8. The crane block camera system as described in claim 7 wherein the attaching means are secured to the crane block via fastening means comprising bolts, screws, rivets, nails, welding or gluing. 9. The crane block camera system as described in claim 6 wherein the transmitter is wirelessly transmitting the video signal to the receiver, which is wirelessly receiving said signal. 10. The crane block camera system as described in claim 6 wherein the video camera is mounted on a bottom surface of a housing such that the video camera is directed downward from a top surface of the crane block. 