An apparatus, system, and method are disclosed to manage the generation and use of hybrid electric power. A monitoring module receives signals from one or more sensors. The signals comprise power level information of an electric energy storage device, power level information of one or more energy converters, and power level information of an electric load. A determination module compares the signals to determine whether electric power from the energy converters satisfies the electric load. A regulation module adjusts the electric power from the energy converters in response to a determination by the determination module that the electric power from the energy converters does not satisfy an electric load threshold.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus to manage the generation and use of electric power, the apparatus comprising: a monitoring module configured to receive signals from a plurality of sensors, the signals comprising power level information of a plurality of energy converters, energy level information of an electric energy storage device, and power level information of an electric load, wherein the plurality of energy converters comprises at least one fuel-based energy converter and at least one non-fuel-based energy converter, the at least one fuel-based energy converter converts a secondary fuel to a primary fuel and generates electric power using the primary fuel, the secondary fuel comprises a mixture of a solid anhydrous chemical hydride reactant and a solid anhydrous activating agent, and the primary fuel comprises hydrogen; a determination module configured to compare the signals to determine whether electric power from the plurality of energy converters satisfies the electric load and whether the energy level of the electric energy storage device satisfies a predefined threshold level, the predefined threshold level based on an energy conversion delay of the at least one fuel-based energy converter, the energy conversion delay comprising an amount of time for the at least one fuel-based energy converter to convert the secondary fuel to the primary fuel and to generate electric power using the primary fuel; and a regulation module configured to increase the electric power from the at least one fuel-based energy converter in response to a determination by the determination module that the electric power from the plurality of energy converters does not satisfy the electric load threshold and that the energy level of the electric energy storage device does not satisfy the predefined threshold level, wherein the regulation module increases the electric power from the at least one fuel-based energy converter by increasing a rate that the at least one fuel-based energy converter introduces a liquid to the mixture of the solid anhydrous chemical hydride reactant and the solid anhydrous activating agent to produce hydrogen and generates electric power using the produced hydrogen, the hydrogen produced at the time the at least one fuel-based energy converter introduces the liquid to the mixture of the solid anhydrous chemical hydride reactant and the solid anhydrous activating agent. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an energy conservation module configured to store excess electric power from the plurality of energy converters as an alternate energy type in response to a determination by the determination module that the electric power from the plurality of energy converters satisfies the electric load. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the energy conservation module is further configured to cause at least one of the plurality of energy converters to convert a secondary conservation fuel to a primary conservation fuel, the primary fuel comprising the alternate energy type. 4. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the alternate energy type is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen gas, heat energy, chemical energy, and potential energy. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the energy conservation module is further configured to charge the electric energy storage device in response to a substantially full alternate energy storage device. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a prioritization module configured to balance a supply of electric power delivered to the electric load based on a prioritization of power/energy sources. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein, in the prioritization of electric sources, a priority of the at least one non-fuel-based energy converter is higher than a priority of the electric energy storage device, and the priority of the electric energy storage device is higher than a priority of the at least one fuel-based energy converter. 8. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the prioritization of electric sources is selected based on one or more of an energy conversion cost, an energy conversion efficiency, and an energy conversion delay, a user override module configured to override the prioritization of electric sources based on user input. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a prediction module configured to make a prediction of an upcoming power draw of the electric load based on a historic power draw of the electric load, and wherein the determination module is further configured to adjust the electric power from the plurality of energy converters based on the prediction. 10. A system to manage the generation and use of electric power, the system comprising: a plurality of energy converters each configured to convert an energy source to electric power, the plurality of energy converters comprising at least one fuel-based energy converter and at least one non-fuel-based energy converter, the at least one fuel-based energy converter converting a secondary fuel to a primary fuel and generating electric power using the primary fuel, the secondary fuel comprising a mixture of a solid anhydrous chemical hydride reactant and a solid anhydrous activating agent, and the primary fuel comprising hydrogen; an electric energy storage device configured to store the electric power from the plurality of energy converters as energy and to supply the energy as electric power; a plurality of sensors that measure an energy level of the electric energy storage device, a power level of the plurality of energy converters, and a power level of an electric load coupled to the plurality of energy converters and to the electric energy storage device; a controller configured to determine whether the power level of the plurality of energy converters satisfies the electric load and whether the energy level of the electric energy storage device satisfies a predefined threshold level and to increase the power level of the at least one fuel-based energy converter in response to a determination that the power level of the plurality of energy converters does not satisfy the electric load and that the energy level of the electric energy storage device fails to satisfy the predefined threshold level, the predefined threshold level based on an energy conversion delay of the at least one fuel-based energy converter, the energy conversion delay comprising an amount of time for the at least one fuel-based energy converter to convert the secondary fuel to the primary fuel and to generate electric power using the primary fuel, wherein the controller increases the power level of the at least one fuel-based energy converter by increasing a rate that the at least one fuel-based energy converter introduces a liquid to the mixture of the solid anhydrous chemical hydride reactant and the solid anhydrous activating agent to produce hydrogen and generates electric power using the produced hydrogen, the hydrogen produced at the time the at least one fuel-based energy converter introduces the liquid to the mixture of the solid anhydrous chemical hydride reactant and the solid anhydrous activating agent; and a power interface configured to electrically couple the plurality of sensors, the electric energy storage device, and the controller. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the signals further comprise an energy source status and an electric power generation potential of the plurality of energy converters. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the electric power generation potential comprises a measured gas pressure of produced hydrogen generated by the at least one fuel-based energy converter. 13. The system of claim 10, wherein at least one of the at least one non-fuel-based energy converters is selected from the group consisting of photovoltaic cells, wind turbines, water turbines, geothermal turbines, solar concentrators, and waste heat co-generators. 14. The system of claim 10, wherein the at least one fuel-based energy converter comprises a plurality of fuel-based energy converters, at least one of the plurality of fuel-based energy converters selected from the group consisting of a fuel cell, a microturbine system, a hydrogen reformer, a hydrogen electrolysis system, and an internal combustion engine generator. 15. The system of claim 10, wherein the power interface comprises one or more standardized ports, each of the standardized ports configured to transfer communication signals and electric power from a corresponding pluggable connector of one of the plurality of energy converters, and to removably couple the corresponding pluggable connector to the power interface. 16. The system of claim 10, wherein the controller is further configured to receive customized energy converter type definitions and to control energy converters corresponding to the customized energy converter type definitions. 17. The system of claim 10, wherein at least one of the plurality of energy converters comprises a collapsible structure. 18. The system of claim 10, wherein the electric energy storage device comprises an energy storage capacity configured to substantially satisfy a power draw of the electric load for at least twelve hours, and further wherein the plurality of energy converters are configured to output an amount of electric power satisfying an average power draw of the electric load and less than a peak power draw of the electric load. 19. A computer program product comprising a computer readable medium having computer usable program code executable to perform operations for managing the generation and use of electric power/energy, the operations of the computer program product comprising: receiving signals from a plurality of sensors, the signals comprising energy level information of an electric energy storage device, power/energy level information of a plurality of energy converters, pressure level information of a hydrogen storage device, and power/energy level information of an electric load, wherein the plurality of energy converters comprises one or more hydrogen-based energy converters and one or more non-fuel-based energy converters, the one or more hydrogen-based energy converters converting a secondary fuel comprising a mixture of a solid anhydrous chemical hydride reactant and a solid anhydrous activating agent to hydrogen and generating electric power using the hydrogen; determining whether electric power/energy from the plurality of energy converters satisfies the electric load; determining whether an energy level of the electric energy storage device satisfies a predefined threshold level, the predefined threshold level based on an energy conversion delay of the one or more hydrogen-based energy converters, the energy conversion delay comprising an amount of time for the one or more hydrogen-based energy converters to convert the secondary fuel to hydrogen and to generate electric power using the hydrogen; increasing a rate that the one or more hydrogen-based energy converters introduce a liquid to the mixture of the solid anhydrous chemical hydride reactant and the solid anhydrous activating agent to produce hydrogen and generate electric power using the produced hydrogen in response to a determination that the electric power/energy from the plurality of energy converters does not satisfy the electric load and that the energy level of the electric energy storage device does not satisfy the predefined threshold level, the hydrogen produced at the time the one or more hydrogen-based energy converters introduce the liquid to the mixture of the solid anhydrous chemical hydride reactant and the solid anhydrous activating agent. 20. The computer program product of claim 19, further comprising storing excess electric power/energy from the plurality of energy converters as an alternate energy type in response to a determination that the electric power/energy from the plurality of energy converters satisfies the electric load and that the energy level of the electric energy storage device satisfies the predefined threshold level, and further comprising charging the electric energy storage device in response to a full alternate energy storage device. 21. The computer program product of claim 20, further comprising charging the electric energy storage device in response to a determination that the energy level of the electric energy storage device does not satisfy the predefined threshold level. 