A device for controlling the temperature of a swimming pool is disclosed. The device measures the temperature of the water as well as other environmental conditions (such as air temperature). The device controls a circulation pump, which circulates water throughout the pool. The pool water exchanges heat with the surfaces of the water (including the side walls, ground and surface air) when a heat differential exists between the water and the surfaces. When the water is circulated throughout the pool it increases the volume of water that exchanges heat with the surfaces, thus cooling or heating the water depending on the temperature of the surfaces. A target temperature is entered into the device and using this target temperature the device automatically controls the pump in order to take advantage of the heat exchange between the water and the water's surfaces to alter the water temperature in the direction of the target temperature. Additionally a heating element may be used to supplement the heating operation of the circulation pump.
Claims I claim: 1. An above-ground pool heating device for minimizing energy usage by monitoring water temperature of a pool and optimizing heat transfer used to affect the water temperature to a target temperature based on environmental conditions, the device comprising: a user interface for receiving the target temperature; an interface for receiving environmental temperature information from at least one environmental sensor and for receiving water temperature information from a pool water temperature sensor; and a processor configured to control a heat element and a circulation pump based on the environmental temperature information to adjust the water temperature in order to meet the target temperature by: controlling a first stage of operation to contribute at least a portion of the heat transfer needed to increase the water temperature towards the target temperature when the environmental temperature information is determined to be sufficient to increase the pool water temperature by circulating the pool water without using the heat element, the processor configured in the first stage to disable the heat element while providing for circulation of water in the pool by activating the circulation pump to increase the pool water temperature, wherein the pool water temperature is increased in the first stage by transferring heat from outer walls of the above-ground pool, and controlling a second stage of operation of the heating element to increase the pool water temperature to reach the target temperature when the environmental temperature information is determined to be insufficient to reach target temperature, the processor configured in the second stage to activate the heating element while providing for circulation of water in the pool by activating the circulation pump. 2. The controller of claim 1, wherein a stage combination of the first stage and the second stage are selected from the group consisting of: the first stage followed by the second stage; the second stage followed by the first stage; and simultaneous implementation of the first stage and the second stage. 3. The controller of claim 2 further comprising a flow switch, the flow switch for determining the existence of a pre-determined minimum water flow rate of the circulation pump, the flow switch communicating to the processor, the processor activating the heating element during the second stage only when a sufficient flow rate of water exists. 4. The controller of claim 1, wherein the target temperature is a temperature range used in controlling the on and off operation of the circulation pump in the first stage. 5. The controller of claim 1, wherein the environmental temperature information used to determine a manner of operation of the heating element in the second stage includes information selected from the group comprising: an air temperature; a ground temperature; solar intensity; and amount of precipitation. 6. The controller of claim 5, wherein the environmental temperature information is selected from the group comprising: actual ambient conditions and weather forecasted ambient conditions. 7. The controller of claim 6 wherein the environmental temperature information includes at least one of a time of day or a calendar date. 8. The controller of claim 6, wherein the portion of the heat transfer of the first stage is calculated based on a temperature differential as defined by the environmental sensor and the pool water temperature sensor. 9. The controller of claim 1, the user interface for receiving a desired time period, and the processor configured for only activating the heating element to heat the pool water during the desired time period during the second stage based on the sensed environmental conditions. 10. A method for minimizing energy usage in controlling water temperature in an above-ground pool and optimizing heat transfer used to affect the water temperature to a target temperature based on environmental conditions, the method comprising: receiving the water temperature of the water in the pool; receiving environmental temperature information; receiving a target temperature range; and determining how to control a heat element and a circulation pump based on the environmental temperature information to adjust the water temperature in order to meet the target temperature by: controlling a first stage of operation to contribute at least a portion of the heat transfer needed to increase the water temperature towards the target temperature when the environmental temperature information is determined to be sufficient to increase the pool water temperature by circulating the pool water with the heat element disabled, the first stage operable by disabling the heat element while providing for circulation of water in the pool by activating the circulation pump to increase the pool water temperature, wherein the pool water temperature is increased in the first stage by transferring heat from outer walls of the above-ground pool, and controlling a second stage of operation of the heating element to increase the pool water temperature to reach the target temperature when the environmental temperature information is determined to be insufficient to reach target temperature. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein the environmental temperature information includes the time of day. 12. The method of claim 10 wherein the environmental temperature information includes a calendar date. 13. The method of claim 10 wherein the environmental temperature information includes solar intensity. 14. The method of claim 10 wherein the environmental temperature information includes precipitation measurements as forecasted predictions. 15. The method of claim 10 further comprising, receiving a target time period, the operation further optimizing the temperature of the pool water based on the target time period, the target temperature, the environmental temperature information, and the temperature of the water in the pool. 16. The method of claim 10, wherein a stage combination of the first stage and the second stage are selected from the group consisting of: the first stage followed by the second stage; the second stage followed by the first stage; and simultaneous implementation of the first stage and the second stage. 17. The controller of claim 1, wherein the environmental temperature information is determined to be sufficient when the environmental temperature information is greater than the pool water temperature. 18. The controller of claim 17, wherein the environmental temperature information is determined to be insufficient when the environmental temperature information is below the target temperature. 