A building is provided with integrated natural systems that reduce dependency on external resources to operate and maintain the building. A source of electricity is provided through an extensive set of solar panels that may be incorporated on louvers mounted to the exterior of the building. The building has a double insulative layer to include an outer airtight membrane or cover, and an internal building structure that defines habitable space within the structure. Rainwater may be collected and stored within a subsurface well. The space between the internal structure and outer membrane may support the growth of vegetation in a greenhouse environment. A flow of temperature regulated air is provided through the structure by a set of underground pipes in which the air is circulated through a central core of the building, into the habitable space, and then outward into the greenhouse space.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A building comprising: a curved exterior covering formed of an impermeable skin or membrane, said covering being made of one of a substantially translucent or clear material enabling passage of sunlight; an interior structure disposed in an open area covered by said exterior covering; a plurality of louvers mounted to and spaced from said covering, said louvers being arranged in a plurality of rows and said rows being spaced vertically along said covering; an actuator for mounting each of said louvers to said curved exterior covering, and for angularly positioning each of said louvers; at least one point of rotation about which said louvers are rotatable; at least one of said louvers having photovoltaic cells incorporated thereon for production of electricity; a truss support secured to said curved exterior covering for supporting said curved exterior covering, said truss support extending vertically along and adjacent to said curved exterior covering; and said interior structure comprising an enclosing wall and a plurality of floors, and habitable space in the interior structure formed by space within the interior structure between said floors and said enclosing wall. 2. The building, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: a first subsurface passageway for carrying air from an environment outside of said covering to the open area within the covering; a second subsurface passageway for carrying water from a water source collected outside of said covering and for transporting the water to a water storage element within the interior structure; and said interior structure further comprises a central core separating said enclosing wall and said floors, said central core communicating with said first and second subsurface passageways for receiving the water and air. 3. The building, as claimed in claim 2, wherein: said central core comprises a cylindrical-shaped tower having a plurality of ports enabling users to travel between said floors located on opposite sides of the core. 4. The building, as claimed in claim 1, further including: a water treatment system for treating water for reuse within the building, said water treatment system including: a solids settling tank, a dosing tank, a treatment station, and a storage tank, treated water being held in said storage tank and transported for reuse within said building. 5. The building, as claimed in claim 1, further including: an interior water collection and humidity control system including a condensing line for condensing water vapor for collection, a chiller for cooling fluid passing through said condensing line, and a cooling fan for cooling the fluid after being heated by exposure within said condensing line. 6. The building, as claimed in claim 1, further including: an exterior rainwater collection system, said exterior rainwater collection system including a plurality of rainwater diverters secured to said louvers to create respective channels for collecting rainwater that strikes said louvers, at least one rainwater collection receptacle for receiving the collected rainwater from said respective channels, at least one filter element in said receptacle for filtering the collected rainwater, and a storage tank for storing the rainwater from said receptacle. 7. The building, as claimed in claim 6, wherein: said rainwater collection system further includes a plurality of gutters disposed on the exterior covering, said gutters for receiving water collected from said rainwater diverters and for transporting the collected rainwater to said rainwater collection receptacle. 8. The building, as claimed in claim 1, further including: a plurality of planters incorporated in the floors for growing vegetation. 9. The building, as claimed in claim 1, further including: an arboretum located on a most upper floor of said interior structure for growing vegetation. 10. The building, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: a gap located between said interior structure and said exterior covering form a greenhouse space. 11. The building, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said enclosing wall comprises a plurality of windows for facilitating transfer of sunlight into the interior of said interior structure. 12. The building, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said louvers are selectively positionable about two points of rotation. 13. The building, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said curved exterior covering comprises a plurality of curved exterior sections, and each of the curved exterior sections includes a pair of symmetrical extensions joined along a corresponding ridgeline. 14. The building, as claimed in claim 13, wherein: said curved exterior sections are arranged in two groups interconnected by a pair of facing curved exterior sections. 15. The building, as claimed in claim 13, wherein: each of said curved exterior sections forms shapes that have an apex constituting a most upper portion of the exterior sections. 16. The building, as claimed in claim 13, wherein: each of the ridgelines has one end that intersects with an apex, and the ridgelines extend downwardly and outwardly forming a generally convex curved-shape. 