A solar power plant includes at least one photovoltaic module for generating power to be fed in a multi-phase grid. At least one inverter is provided for converting a direct voltage generated by the at least one photovoltaic module into an alternating mains voltage. A mains transformer is coupled to receive the alternating mains voltage from the inverter. The inverter is coupled to a primary side of the mains transformer. A direct voltage source coupled between an output of the at least one inverter and an input of the mains transformer such that a potential of the at least one photovoltaic module is displaced and that a bias voltage is set which is different from zero volts.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar power plant comprising: at least one photovoltaic module for generating power to be fed in a multi-phase grid; at least one inverter for converting a direct voltage generated by the at least one photovoltaic module into an alternating mains voltage; a mains transformer coupled to receive the alternating mains voltage from the inverter, the inverter being coupled to a primary side of the mains transformer; and a direct voltage source coupled between an output of the at least one inverter and an input of the mains transformer such that a potential of the at least one photovoltaic module is displaced and that a bias voltage is set which is different from zero volts. 2. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 1, wherein the mains transformer comprises a grounded terminal and an alternating current input terminal and wherein the direct voltage source is coupled between the grounded terminal and the alternating current input terminal. 3. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 2, wherein the primary side of the transformer has a triangular connection, the transformer being implemented without a neutral conductor. 4. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 1, further comprising a current monitoring device coupled to detect ground faults. 5. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 1, wherein the at least one photovoltaic module comprises at least one thin-film module. 6. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 1, wherein the at least one inverter comprises at least one transformerless inverter. 7. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 1, wherein the at least one inverter comprises an inverter utilized for each phase of a multi-phase signal provided to the mains transformer. 8. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 1, wherein the at least one inverter is connected to the transformer via switches. 9. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 8, wherein the switches comprise contactors. 10. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 1, wherein the primary side of the transformer is star-connected, a midpoint of the transformer being connected to a neutral conductor. 11. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 1, wherein windings of a secondary side of the transformer have a triangular connection. 12. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 1, wherein the mains transformer comprises a neutral conductor and a grounded terminal and wherein the direct voltage source is coupled between the neutral conductor and the grounded terminal. 13. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 1, wherein the at least one photovoltaic module forms part of a plurality of photovoltaic modules arranged in at least one photovoltaic string. 14. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 1, wherein the at least one inverter comprises a three-phase inverter to generate each phase of a multi-phase signal provided to the mains transformer. 15. An electrical device comprising: an inverter for converting a direct voltage generated by a photovoltaic module into an alternating mains voltage; and a direct voltage source coupled to an output of the inverter such that a DC potential of the alternating mains voltage is displaced and that a bias voltage is set which is different from zero volts. 16. The device as set forth in claim 15, further comprising a mains transformer coupled to receive the alternating mains voltage from the inverter, the inverter being coupled to a primary side of the mains transformer. 17. The device as set forth in claim 15, wherein the inverter is one of three inverters, each inverter for converting a direct voltage generated by a different photovoltaic module to a different phase of a multi-phase alternating mains voltage. 18. The device as set forth in claim 15, wherein the inverter comprises a three-phase inverter. 19. The device as set forth in claim 15, further comprising a current monitoring device coupled in a current path of the direct voltage source. 20. The device as set forth in claim 15, wherein the inverter comprises a transformerless inverter. 21. The device as set forth in claim 15, further comprising a switch coupled to receive the alternating mains voltage from the inverter. 22. The device as set forth in claim 21, wherein the switch comprises a contactor. 23. An electrical device comprising: a mains transformer with an input configured to be coupled to an inverter to receive an alternating mains voltage from the inverter; and a direct voltage source coupled to the input of the mains transformer such that a DC potential of the alternating mains voltage is displaced and that a bias voltage is set which is different from zero volts. 24. The device as set forth in claim 23, further comprising: a photovoltaic module; and the inverter coupled to the photovoltaic module to convert a direct voltage generated by the photovoltaic module into the alternating mains voltage, the inverter being coupled to a primary side of the mains transformer. 25. The device as set forth in claim 23, wherein the mains transformer comprises a neutral conductor and a grounded terminal and wherein the direct voltage source is coupled between the neutral conductor and the grounded terminal. 26. The device as set forth in claim 23, wherein the mains transformer comprises a grounded terminal and an alternating current input terminal and wherein the direct voltage source is coupled between the grounded terminal and the alternating current input terminal. 27. The device as set forth in claim 23, further comprising a current monitoring device coupled in a current path of the direct voltage source. 28. The device as set forth in claim 23, wherein a primary side of the transformer is star-connected, a midpoint of the transformer being connected to a neutral conductor. 29. The device as set forth in claim 23, wherein a primary side of the transformer has a triangular connection, the transformer being implemented without neutral conductor. 30. The device as set forth in claim 23, wherein windings of a secondary side of the transformer have a triangular connection. 31. A method of generating an alternating current, the method comprising: converting a direct voltage generated by a photovoltaic module into an alternating mains voltage; offsetting the alternating mains voltage by a direct voltage offset such that the alternating mains voltage is displaced by a non-zero voltage; transforming the offset alternating voltage to conform to a grid; and applying the transformed alternating mains voltage to the grid. 32. The method as set forth in claim 31, wherein converting the direct voltage into the alternating mains voltage comprises converting a first direct voltage into a first phase of the alternating mains voltage, converting a second direct voltage into a second phase of the alternating mains voltage, and converting a third direct voltage into a third phase of the alternating mains voltage. 33. The method as set forth in claim 32, wherein the first direct voltage is generated by a first photovoltaic string, wherein the second direct voltage is generated by a second photovoltaic string, and wherein the third direct voltage is generated by a third photovoltaic string. 34. The method as set forth in claim 31, wherein converting the direct voltage into the alternating mains voltage comprises converting the direct voltage in three phases of the alternating mains voltage using a three-phase inverter. 35. The method as set forth in claim 31, further comprising generating the direct voltage using the photovoltaic module. 