A solar power water heating apparatus includes a supporting device for supporting movably a mounting seat provided with a condensing unit on a mounting side thereof for concentrating sunlight onto a heat-conductive tube body in the mounting seat. The tube body absorbs thermal energy from the sunlight concentrated thereonto and transmits the thermal energy to water therein, thereby heating the water. The supporting device includes a disk member mounted rotatably on a hollow base body and driven by a drive unit in the base body to rotate relative to the base body in a central axis of the disk member, and a telescopic rod member and two upright supporting rods interconnecting the mounting seat and the disk member. A control module controls the drive unit and the telescopic rod member based on a solar radiating direction to move the mounting side of the mounting seat to face sunlight.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A water heating apparatus using solar power, comprising: a solar power collecting unit including a mounting seat having a mounting side, a heat-conductive tube body mounted to said mounting seat and permitting flow of water therethrough, and a condensing unit mounted on said mounting side of said mounting seat and disposed above said tube body for concentrating sunlight onto said tube body such that said tube body absorbs thermal energy from the sunlight concentrated by said condensing unit and transmits the thermal energy to the water therein, thereby heating the water in said tube body; a supporting device operable to support movably said solar power collecting unit on a supporting surface, said supporting device including a hollow base body adapted to be disposed on the supporting surface and having a top side, a disk member mounted rotatably on said top side of said base body such that said disk member is rotatable relative to said base body about a central axis of said disk member that is transverse to the supporting surface, a drive unit disposed in said base body for driving rotation of said disk member about the central axis, a telescopic rod member having opposite upper and lower pivot ends connected pivotally and respectively to said mounting seat and said disk member, and two upright supporting rods spaced apart from each other, each of said supporting rods having a lower end fixed on said disk member, and an upper end opposite to said lower end and connected pivotally to said mounting seat; and a control module including a sensing unit for generating a sensing output indicating a solar radiating direction, and a controller coupled to said sensing unit, said drive unit and said telescopic rod member, receiving the sensing output from said sensing unit, and operable to control said drive unit and said telescopic rod member based on said sensing output received thereby such that said mounting side of said mounting seat is moved to face sunlight in response to rotation of said disk member driven by said drive unit and adjustment of said telescopic rod member in length. 2. The water heating apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said telescopic rod member of said supporting device is in the form of a fluid cylinder. 3. The water heating apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said drive unit includes a motor connected electrically to and controlled by said controller of said control module, and having a drive shaft extending along the central axis and fixed on said disk member such that said disk member is co-rotatable with said drive shaft of said motor. 4. The water heating apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said drive unit includes: a motor connected electrically to and controlled by said controller of said control module, and having a motor shaft; a drive rod extending along the central axis, and fixed on said disk member such that said disk member is co-rotatable with said drive rod; a transmission wheel mounted on and co-rotatable with said drive rod; and a looped transmission belt trained on said motor shaft of said motor and said transmission wheel. 5. The water heating apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said supporting device further includes a plurality of wheels mounted on a bottom side of said base body such that said base body is movable relative to the supporting surface. 6. The water heating apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said condensing unit includes a plurality of condenser lenses extending in a first direction, arranged in a second direction transverse to the first direction, and mounted rotatably on said mounting seat; and said tube body is folded to form a meandering shape, and includes a plurality of tube sections extending in the first direction, and disposed spacedly and respectively under said condenser lenses such that each of said condenser lenses concentrates sunlight onto a corresponding one of said tube sections of said tube body. 7. The water heating apparatus as claimed in claim 6, wherein said solar power collecting unit further includes a plurality of reflectors extending in the first direction, mounted in said mounting seat, and disposed spacedly and respectively under said tube sections of said tube body, each of said reflectors reflecting sunlight to a corresponding one of said tube sections of said tube body. 8. The water heating apparatus as claimed in claim 6, wherein each of said condenser lenses of said condensing unit has a convex surface, and a flat surface opposite said convex surface and disposed adjacent to said tube body. 9. The water heating apparatus as claimed in claim 6, wherein each of said condenser lenses of said condensing unit has opposite convex surfaces. 