Different types of energy storage systems are described, in particular hydro-pneumatic storage systems. In one, energy is stored by compressing gas in a chamber (44,45,54,55) with a liquid piston and released by gas expansion. A spray head or grid at the top of the chamber (44,45,54,55) supplies liquid as a shower through the gas being compressed or expanding in the cylinder (11,12) to maintain an isothermal condition. In another, energy is stored from an array of solar cells connected to an array of supercapacitors forming an auxiliary storage, and a main energy storage device such as a hydro-pneumatic storage system, for supply to an AC or DC network. The efficiency is improved by connecting the solar cells via the array of supercapacitors to the AC or DC network. An immersed hydro-pneumatic storage device for off-shore/on-shore power generation systems comprises a cylinder that is immersed in a liquid mass, wherein energy is stored by compressing gas with a liquid piston and energy is released by gas expansion. The mass of liquid maintains an isothermal condition in the cylinder during compression and expansion.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An energy storage device wherein energy from an array of solar cells is storable in a main storage, in particular a hydro-pneumatic storage or any other main energy storage means such as a battery or a flywheel, and in an auxiliary storage comprising an array of supercapacitors, wherein the main and auxiliary storages are alternately operable in first and second charging sequences, wherein in the first charging sequence the main storage is disconnected from the solar cells and the array of supercapacitors is charged from the array of solar cells, and in the second charging sequence the main storage is connected to be charged by the array of solar cells while the array of supercapacitors discharges, the main storage and auxiliary storages being connectable to an AC or DC network, characterized in that the array of solar cells is connected via the array of supercapacitors to the AC or DC network. 2. The energy storage device of claim 1 wherein the array of supercapacitors is connected to the AC or DC network, and to the main storage, directly or via a DC/DC converter. 3. The energy storage device of claim 1 wherein the supercapacitors are connected in parallel to the array of solar cells via a diode to prevent any reverse current into the solar cells. 4. The energy storage device of claim 3 wherein the voltage across the array of solar cells is defined by the voltage across the array of supercapacitors and wherein, according to the voltage/current characteristics of the solar cells for given sunning conditions, the response of the solar cells to the voltage defined by the supercapacitors is a current that circulates through the diode and that is distributed to the supercapacitors and to the main storage device depending on whether the storage devices are operating in the first or the second charging sequence. 5. The energy storage device of claim 1 wherein when the main storage is disconnected in the first charging sequence, the voltage across the supercapacitors increases and energy flows only from the solar cells to the supercapacitors. 6. The energy storage device of claim 1 wherein when the main storage is connected in the second charging sequence, the voltage across the supercapacitors decreases and energy fluxes from the solar cells and from the supercapacitors converge to the main storage. 7. The energy storage device of claim 1 wherein switching between the first and second charging sequences is triggered by monitoring the voltage across the supercapacitors. 8. The energy storage device of claim 7 wherein the first sequence is enabled when the voltage of the superconductors decreases below a minimum value (U.sub.scap).sub.min and the second sequence is enabled when the when the voltage of the supercapacitors reaches a maximum value (U.sub.scap).sub.max. 9. The energy storage device of claim 8 wherein the variation of power extracted from the solar cells is defined by the range of voltage variation across the supercapacitors (U.sub.scap).sub.min and (U.sub.scap).sub.max as defined in claim 8. 10. The energy storage device of claim 8 wherein said minimum and maximum voltages (U.sub.scap).sub.min and (U.sub.scap).sub.max are adjusted in order to keep the solar cells near a Maximum Power Point Tracking condition (MPPT), in particular by setting (U.sub.scap).sub.max to follow the solar cells voltage that defines the maximum of power delivered by the solar cells, as a function of sunning conditions, to define a system where the supercapacitors directly connected to the solar cells enable MPPT on the solar cells without an additional power converter. 