A device, system and method for latent tracking of vessels via a mesh network is disclosed herein. The device includes a microcontroller, a mesh radio, a memory, a GPS receiver and a power supply. The microcontroller is configured to determine when the device is within range and out of range of a mesh network. The memory is configured for storing latent information about the vessel. The GPS receiver receives GPS signals and provides the GPS signals to determine GPS data for the vessel which is transmitted over the mesh radio when the device is within range of the mesh network and stored as latent GPS data in the memory when the device is out of range of the mesh network.
Claims I claim as my invention: 1. A device for monitoring and communicating track and other data for a vessel, the device comprising: a microcontroller, the microcontroller configured to determine when the device is connected to a mesh network and configured to determine when the device is not connected to the mesh network; a mesh radio connected to the microcontroller for transmitting data to the mesh network; a memory in communication with the microcontroller, the memory configured for storing latent information about the device; a GPS receiver in communication with the microcontroller, the GPS receiver receiving GPS signals and providing the GPS signals to the microcontroller for processing to determine GPS data for the vessel which is transmitted over the mesh radio in real time when the device is connected to the mesh network and stored as latent GPS data in the memory when the device is not connected to the mesh network for transmission at a time of subsequent connection to the mesh network; and a power supply connected to at least the microcontroller for supplying power to the device; wherein the mesh radio is configured to transmit a signal comprising GPS data for the vessel through the mesh network to a tracking and monitoring engine; wherein the device is configured to disconnect from the mesh network when the vessel travels out of range of any of a plurality of other devices of the mesh network, wherein the GPS data for the device is stored in the memory of the device as latent GPS data when the device disconnects from the mesh network, and wherein the device is configured to reconnect to the mesh network when the device is again in range of at least one of the plurality of other devices, wherein the latent GPS data is transmitted through the mesh network to the tracking and monitoring engine when the device reconnects. 2. The device according to claim 1 further comprising an USB interface, wherein the device is a gateway for the mesh network for connection to the Internet when an Internet connected USB cable is connected to the device at the USB interface. 3. The device according to claim 1 further comprising a solar panel for powering at least the GPS receiver. 4. The device according to claim 1 wherein the device is attached to a mark of a race course and collects track information from a plurality of racing vessels for storage and relay to a gateway. 5. The device according to claim 1 further comprising a housing, the housing containing the microcontroller, the memory, the GPS receiver, the mesh radio and the power supply, the housing having a diameter ranging from 2.5 inches to 5.0 inches, and a height ranging from 0.25 inch to 1.0 inch. 6. The device according to claim 1 wherein the GPS data comprises time, position, velocity, heading and a date. 7. The device according to claim 1 wherein the device stores vessel information comprising at least one of vessel length, vessel type, vessel rating, vessel name, vessel owner, vessel owner settings, placement of the device on the vessel, vessel speed, wind speed, apparent wind angle, true wind angle, depth, water temperature, race start time and heel angle. 8. The device according to claim 1 wherein the mesh radio is a relay for a second device in a mesh network, and a third device in the mesh network is a USB connected device that is a gateway to the Internet. 9. The device according to claim 8 wherein a routing discovery behavior of the device in the mesh network is controlled by the gateway. 10. The device according to claim 8 wherein the mesh radio is configured to form dual networks, a first network for a plurality of nearby mesh nodes attached to the vessel, and a second network for communication between other vessels in motion relative to one another and the gateway. 11. A system for tracking and monitoring sail boats, the system comprising: a plurality of devices, each of a first set of the plurality of devices associated with a boat, each of the plurality of devices comprising a microcontroller, the microcontroller configured to determine when the device is within a range of a mesh network and configured to determine when the device is isolated from the mesh network, a mesh radio connected to the microcontroller for transmitting data to and receiving data from the mesh network, a memory in communication with the microcontroller, the memory configured for storing latent information about the device, a GPS receiver in communication with the microcontroller, the GPS receiver receiving GPS signals and providing the GPS signals to the microcontroller for processing to determine GPS data for the vessel which is transmitted over the mesh radio in real time when the device is connected to the mesh network and stored as latent GPS data in the memory when the device is not connected to the mesh network for transmission at a time of subsequent connection to the mesh network, and a power supply connected to at least the microcontroller for supplying power to the device; a tracking and monitoring engine in communication with the mesh network for receiving GPS data and vessel data for each of the sail boats for tracking and monitoring each of the sail boats; a gateway for connection to the Internet and in communication with the tracking and monitoring engine; and a Web site in communication with the gateway over the Internet; wherein the first set of the plurality of devices forms a mesh network for transmitting and receiving GPS data and vessel data for each of the sail boats which is transmitted over the mesh network to the tacking and monitoring engine and to the gateway for transmission to the Web site for display on a Web page of the Web site; wherein each of the plurality of devices is configured to disconnect from the mesh network when the sail boat travels out of range of any of the other plurality of devices, wherein the GPS data for the out-of-range device is stored in the memory of the out-of-range device as latent GPS data when the device disconnects from the mesh network, and wherein each of the plurality of devices is configured to reconnect to the mesh network when the out-of-range device is again in range of at least one of the other plurality of devices wherein the latent GPS data is transmitted through the mesh network to the tracking and monitoring engine when the device reconnects. 12. The system according to claim 11 further comprising a user interface connected to at least one of a second set of the plurality of devices for receiving information from the network and for acting as a gateway, and each of the second set of the plurality of devices is not associated with a boat, the second set of the plurality of devices acting as an Internet gateway for the mesh network. 13. The system according to claim 11 wherein each of the plurality of devices further comprises a housing, the housing containing the microcontroller, the memory, the GPS receiver, the mesh radio and the power supply, the housing having a diameter ranging from 2.5 inches to 5.0 inches, and a height ranging from 0.25 inch to 1.0 inch. 14. The system according to claim 11 wherein the GPS data for each of the boats comprises at least one of time, position, velocity, heading, a date, vessel length, vessel type, vessel rating, vessel name, vessel owner, vessel owner settings, placement of the device on the vessel, vessel speed, wind speed, apparent wind angle, true wind angle, depth, water temperature, race start time and heel angle. 15. A method for tracking and monitoring boats on the water, the method comprising: establishing a mesh network comprising a plurality of devices, each of the plurality of devices comprising a microcontroller, the microcontroller configured to determine when the device is connected to a mesh network and configured to determine when the device is not connected to the mesh network, a mesh radio connected to the microcontroller for transmitting data to a mesh network, a memory in communication with the microcontroller, the memory configured for storing latent information about the device, a GPS receiver in communication with the microcontroller, the GPS receiver receiving GPS signals and providing the GPS signals to the microcontroller for processing to determine GPS data for the vessel which is transmitted over the mesh radio in real time when the device is connected to the mesh network and stored as latent GPS data in the memory when the device is not connected to the mesh network for transmission at a time of subsequent connection to the mesh network, and a power supply connected to at least the microcontroller for supplying power to the device; receiving a signal from at least one of the plurality of devices at another of the plurality of devices, the signal containing GPS data for the boat and an identification of the boat; transmitting the signal through the mesh network to a tracking and monitoring engine; disconnecting from the mesh network when the boat associated with the device travels out of range of any of the other plurality of devices, and the memory storing the GPS data for the out-of-range device while the device is not connected to the mesh network as latent GPS data; and reconnecting to the mesh network when the boat associated with the device travels in range of at least one of the other plurality of devices and transmitting the latent GPS data from the out-of-range device over the mesh network to the tracking and monitoring engine. 16. The method according to claim 15 wherein transmitting the signal through the mesh network to a tracking and monitoring engine comprises transmitting the signal from the mesh network to an unassociated device in communication with a user interface which is in communication with the tracking and monitoring engine over the Internet. 17. The method according to claim 15 wherein the GPS data for each of the boats comprises time, position, velocity, heading and a date. 