A mounting support for a photovoltaic module is described. The mounting support includes a foundation having an integrated wire-way ledge portion. A photovoltaic module support mechanism is coupled with the foundation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic system, comprising: a foundation having an L-shaped concrete footing, the footing comprising an integrated wire-way ledge portion, the integrated wire-way ledge portion having a length a photovoltaic module support mechanism coupled with the foundation, the photovoltaic module support mechanism comprising a J-bolt; a photovoltaic module coupled with the photovoltaic module support mechanism; and a set of wires or cables coupled with the photovoltaic module and supported by the integrated wire-way ledge portion of the foundation, the set of wires or cables running longitudinally along the length of the integrated wire-way ledge portion. 2. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic module is coupled with the photovoltaic module support mechanism by a photovoltaic tracker. 3. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the foundation is adapted to receive a cover that at least partially covers the integrated wire-way ledge portion and that protects the set of wires or cables. 4. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the integrated wire-way ledge portion is sloped downwardly and away from a horizontal axis, and wherein the set of wires or cables is further supported by a lip of the integrated wire-way ledge portion. 5. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the foundation, as either a continuous footing or discrete series of footings, has a length running parallel with the integrated wire-way ledge portion, and wherein the length is 2-200 meters. 6. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the foundation, including the integrated wire-way ledge portion, is fabricated by a technique selected from the group consisting of a pre-cast technique or a cast-in-place technique. 7. A method for fabricating a photovoltaic system comprising: mounting a foundation for a photovoltaic module, forming the foundation having an L-shaped concrete footing, the footing comprising an integrated wire-way ledge portion, the integrated wire-way ledge portion having a length; coupling a photovoltaic module support mechanism with the foundation, the photovoltaic module support mechanism comprising a J-bolt; coupling a photovoltaic module with the photovoltaic module support mechanism; coupling a set of wires or cables with the photovoltaic module; and running the set of wires or cables longitudinally along the length of the integrated wire-way ledge portion so that the set of wires or cables is support by the integrated wire-way ledge portion of the foundation. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein forming the foundation, including the integrated wire-way ledge portion, comprises using a technique selected from the group consisting of a pre-cast technique or a cast-in-place technique. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein forming the foundation comprises forming the foundation, is adapted to receive a cover that at least partially covers the integrated wire-way ledge portion. 10. The method of claim 7, wherein forming the foundation, including the integrated wire-way ledge portion, comprises forming the foundation to have a horizontal axis and forming the integrated wire-way ledge portion to be sloped downward, away from the horizontal axis. 11. The method of claim 7, wherein forming the foundation, including the integrated wire-way ledge portion, comprises forming the foundation to be either a continuous footing or discrete series of footings, the continuous footing or discrete series of footings having a length running parallel with the integrated wire-way ledge portion, wherein the length is 2-200 meters. 12. The method of claim 7, wherein forming the foundation, including the integrated wire-way ledge portion, comprises using wet cement, and wherein forming the photovoltaic module support mechanism comprises incorporating the photovoltaic module support mechanism into the wet cement prior to drying to form concrete. 