A method of assembling a motor stall correction system includes coupling an inverter-based electric power generation device to an electric power inverter assembly. The method also includes coupling the electric power inverter assembly to at least one induction motor. The method further includes operatively coupling at least one controller to the electric power inverter assembly. The controller is programmed to transmit electric current from the inverter-based electric power generation device to the electric power inverter assembly. The controller is also programmed to transmit real current and reactive current from the electric power inverter assembly to the induction motor. The controller is further programmed to modulate the real current and the reactive current as a function of at least one of an electric power grid frequency and an electric power grid voltage.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of assembling a motor stall correction system, said method comprising: coupling an inverter-based electric power generation device to an electric power inverter assembly; coupling the electric power inverter assembly to at least one induction motor, wherein the induction motor is coupled to an electric power grid; operatively coupling at least one controller to the electric power inverter assembly, wherein the controller is programmed to: transmit electric current from the inverter-based electric power generation device to the electric power inverter assembly; transmit real current and reactive current from the electric power inverter assembly to the induction motor; and, modulate the real current and the reactive current as a function of an electric power grid frequency; and, programming the controller to command the inverter-based electric power generation device and the electric power inverter assembly to generate and transmit the real current and the reactive current in excess of at least one of: inverter-based electric power generation device parameters for a predetermined period of time; and, electric power inverter assembly parameters for a predetermined period of time. 2. A method in accordance with claim 1, further comprising coupling at least one additional electric power generation device to the electric power inverter assembly in parallel with the inverter-based electric power generation device. 3. A method in accordance with claim 1, further comprising programming the controller to: sense electric power grid conditions that induce stalling of the induction motor; and, command the electric power inverter assembly to initiate real and reactive power injection. 4. A method in accordance with claim 3, wherein programming the controller to sense electric power grid conditions that induce stalling of the induction motor comprises programming the controller to sense low voltage conditions on the electric power grid at least partially resulting from a fault-induced delayed voltage recovery (FIDVR). 5. A method in accordance with claim 1, further comprising programming the controller to modulate the real current and the reactive current as a function of slip conditions of the induction motor. 6. A method in accordance with claim 1, further comprising programming the controller to modulate injection of the real current and the reactive current as a function of at least one of: a temperature of the inverter-based electric power generation device; a voltage of at least a portion of the inverter-based electric power generation device; a temperature of electric power inverter assembly; and, a voltage of at least a portion of the electric power inverter assembly. 7. An electric power grid support system coupled to a portion of an electric power grid, said electric power grid support system comprising: an electric power delivery system comprising: at least one inverter-based electric power generation device; and, an electric power inverter assembly coupled to said inverter-based electric power generation device; and, at least one processor operatively coupled to said electric power inverter assembly, said processor programmed to: transmit at least one signal to said electric power inverter assembly to inject at least one of real current and reactive current into the portion of the electric power grid during periods of low voltage conditions at least partially resulting from a fault-induced delayed voltage recovery (FIDVR); modulate the amplitudes and frequencies of the real current and the reactive current as a function of at least one electric power grid condition feedback signal; and, drive said electric power inverter assembly to transmit electric current in excess of a predetermined current parameter for a predetermined period of time. 8. An electric power grid support system in accordance with claim 7, wherein said processor is operatively coupled to at least one of: at least one voltage measurement device coupled to the electric power grid; at least one frequency measurement device coupled to the electric power grid; at least one electric current measuring device coupled to the electric power grid; and, at least one electric current measuring device coupled to said electric power inverter assembly. 9. An electric power grid support system in accordance with claim 7, further comprising at least one of: an electric power grid communications device; an induction motor load communications device; and, an electric power delivery system status device. 10. An electric power grid support system in accordance with claim 7, further comprising at least one additional electric power generation device coupled to said electric power inverter assembly in parallel with said inverter-based power generation device. 11. An electric power grid support system in accordance with claim 7, wherein said electric power delivery system comprises a photovoltaic (PV) electric power generation device comprising at least one solar panel positioned on a residential roof-top. 12. A controller for use in facilitating control of a fault-induced delayed voltage recovery (FIDVR) on an electric power grid, said controller comprising: a memory device configured to store at least one of: a frequency of the electric power grid; and, a voltage of the electric power grid; a processor coupled to said memory device and programmed to: transmit electric current from an inverter-based electric power generation device to an electric power inverter assembly; transmit real current and reactive current from the electric power inverter assembly to the portion of the electric power grid; and, command at least one of the inverter-based electric power generation device and the electric power inverter assembly to generate and transmit at least one of real and reactive current in excess of predetermined parameters of the inverter-based electric power generation device and the electric power inverter assembly for a redetermined period of time; and, a communication interface coupled to said processor and said electric power inverter assembly, said communication interface configured to transmit an operational adjustment to the electric power inverter assembly to modulate the real current and the reactive current as a function of the electric power grid frequency and the electric power grid voltage. 13. A controller in accordance with claim 12, wherein said processor is further programmed to determine that a decrease of voltage on the electric power grid is due to a FIDVR. 14. A controller in accordance with claim 12, wherein said processor is further programmed to at least one of: determine that at least one induction motor is one of stalled or stalling; and, sense electric power grid conditions that induce stalling of induction motors. 15. A controller in accordance with claim 12, wherein said processor is further programmed to apportion the real current and the reactive current as a function of at least one of: the frequency of the electric power grid; the voltage of the electric power grid; and, a slip of an induction motor. 16. A controller in accordance with claim 12, wherein said processor is further programmed to at least one of: transmit apportioned real current and reactive current to at least one of a stalled and stalling rotor of an induction motor; and, induce inertial forces on the rotor of the induction motor to facilitate at least one of unstalling the rotor and preventing stalling of the rotor. 