A multi-circuit direct current monitor consists of a plurality of Hall Effect current sensors mounted on a printed circuit board oriented to sense the direct current (DC) flow from power generating devices such as solar arrays, output from the Hall Effect sensors connected to an analog to digital (A/D) converter which in turn is connected to a microprocessor. The multi-circuit direct current monitor continuously monitors instantaneous and average current values for each circuit as well as total instantaneous current and average current for all active circuits. The multi-circuit direct current monitor provides continuous communications via Modbus RTU as well as providing alarm outputs if one or more circuits deviates from the average output by a percentage greater than the user specified threshold for a user-defined period of time to detect failed or underperforming power output devices.
Claims We claim: 1. A method for monitoring direct current (DC) supplied by a solar photovoltaic system including a plurality of solar panels; the method comprising the steps of: (a) providing a multi-circuit direct current monitor (MCDCM) having a microprocessor and a plurality of sensors; (b) coupling each of the sensors of the MCDCM to one of the plurality of solar panels; (c) monitoring an instantaneous current value for each sensor; (d) monitoring a long average current value for each sensor; (e) with said microprocessor, comparing the instantaneous current value for each sensor against the long average current value for each respective sensor; (f) sending an output alarm if the instantaneous current value for any one of the sensors deviates from the long average current value for each respective sensor by a threshold value; (g) with said microprocessor calculating, for each of the sensors, an average current value of the long average current value of the remaining sensors; (h) with said microprocessor, comparing the long average current value for each of the sensors against the average current value of the long average current value of the remaining sensors; and (i) sending an output alarm if the long average current value for any one of the sensors deviates from the average current value of the long average current value of the remaining sensors by the threshold value. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the instantaneous current value for each sensor is calculated by the microprocessor via averaging a plurality of readings of the current for each sensor, wherein the number of readings for the instantaneous current is less than a number of readings used to calculate the long average current value for each sensor. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein step (d) comprises maintaining an average current value for each sensor for a particular time interval as selected by a user. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the microprocessor stores the threshold value. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein the threshold value is a minimum instantaneous current threshold. 6. The method of claim 4, wherein the threshold value is a deviation percentage value of the instantaneous total current. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the percentage value can be modified by a user. 8. The method of claim 4, wherein the output alarm is sent only if the instantaneous current value for any one of the sensors falls below the threshold value for a predetermined time duration. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the predetermined time duration is set by a user. 10. The method of claim 1, further comprising enabling the user to disable the output alarm. 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising enabling the user to disable monitoring an instantaneous current value for any one sensor. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the microprocessor maintains a bitmap for each sensor so that each sensor can be selectively enabled by the user. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein the long average current value is erased based on a time period determined by the user. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the microprocessor includes system information. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the system information includes factory set serial number and calibration data for the MCDCM. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the system information includes firmware version information. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein the system information includes factory set time of production information including manufacturing date of the MCDCM. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein the system information includes total amount of up time for the MCDCM. 19. The method of claim 14, wherein the system information includes Modbus address. 20. The method of claim 14, wherein the system information includes hardware version information and print circuit board (PCB) version number information. 21. The method of claim 1, wherein each of said sensors is a Hall Effect current sensor, each of said Hall Effect current sensors includes an aperture so that a wire carrying current from the respective solar panels is inserted through the aperture in the Hall Effect current sensor. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the MCDCM is rectangular having a length longer than a width and the MCDCM is mounted such that the length of the MCDCM is substantially perpendicular to a direction of the wires carrying current from the solar panels. 23. The method of claim 1, wherein each of said sensors communicates with another device using a single communications port. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein said communications port is an RS-485 serial port. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein said serial port communicates with said another device using Modbus RTU protocol. 26. The method of claim 1, wherein the plurality of solar panels are electrically connected to one another to form a photovoltaic string, and each of the sensors of the MCDCM is connected to one of the plurality of photovoltaic strings so that each of the sensors monitors the sum of the direct current (DC) supplied by the photovoltaic string. 27. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of connecting the MCDCM to a Modbus RTU serial communications network. 28. A method for monitoring direct current (DC) supplied by a solar photovoltaic system including a plurality of solar panels; the method comprising the steps of: (a) providing a multi-circuit direct current monitor (MCDCM) having a microprocessor and a plurality of sensors; (b) coupling each of the sensors of the MCDCM to one of the plurality of solar panels; (c) monitoring an instantaneous current value for each sensor; (d) monitoring a long average current value for each sensor; (e) with said microprocessor, comparing the instantaneous current value for each sensor against the long average current value for each respective sensor wherein the instantaneous current value for each sensor is calculated by the microprocessor via averaging a plurality of readings of the current for each sensor, wherein the number of readings for the instantaneous current is less than a number of readings used to calculate the long average current value for each sensor; and (f) sending an output alarm if the instantaneous current value for any one of the sensors deviates from the long average current value for each respective sensor by a threshold value. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein step (d) comprises maintaining an average current value for each sensor for a particular time interval as selected by a user. 30. The method of claim 28, wherein the microprocessor stores the threshold value. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein the threshold value is a minimum instantaneous current threshold. 32. The method of claim 30, wherein the threshold value is a deviation percentage value of the instantaneous total current. 33. The method of claim 32, wherein the percentage value can be modified by a user. 34. The method of claim 30, wherein the output alarm is sent only if the instantaneous current value for any one of the sensors falls below the threshold value for a predetermined time duration. 35. The method of claim 34, wherein the predetermined time duration is set by a user. 36. The method of claim 28, further comprising enabling the user to disable the output alarm. 37. The method of claim 28, further comprising enabling the user to disable monitoring an instantaneous current value for any one sensor. 38. The method of claim 28, wherein the microprocessor maintains a bitmap for each sensor so that each sensor can be selectively enabled by the user. 39. The method of claim 28, wherein the long average current value is erased based on a time period determined by the user. 40. The method of claim 28, wherein the microprocessor includes system information. 41. The method of claim 40, wherein the system information includes factory set serial number and calibration data for the MCDCM. 42. The method of claim 40, wherein the system information includes firmware version information. 43. The method of claim 40, wherein the system information includes factory set time of production information including manufacturing date of the MCDCM. 44. The method of claim 40, wherein the system information includes total amount of up time for the MCDCM. 45. The method of claim 40, wherein the system information includes Modbus address. 46. The method of claim 40, wherein the system information includes hardware version information and print circuit board (PCB) version number information. 47. The method of claim 28, wherein each of said sensors is a Hall Effect current sensor, each of said Hall Effect current sensors includes an aperture so that a wire carrying current from the respective solar panels is inserted through the aperture in the Hall Effect current sensor. 48. The method of claim 47, wherein the MCDCM is rectangular having a length longer than a width and the MCDCM is mounted such that the length of the MCDCM is substantially perpendicular to a direction of the wires carrying current from the solar panels. 49. The method of claim 28, wherein each of said sensors communicates with another device using a single communications port. 50. The method of claim 49, wherein said communications port is an RS-485 serial port. 51. The method of claim 50, wherein said serial port communicates with said another device using Modbus RTU protocol. 52. The method of claim 28, wherein the plurality of solar panels are electrically connected to one another to form a photovoltaic string, and each of the sensors of the MCDCM is connected to one of the plurality of photovoltaic strings so that each of the sensors monitors the sum of the direct current (DC) supplied by the photovoltaic string. 53. The method of claim 28, further comprising the step of connecting the MCDCM to a Modbus RTU serial communications network. 54. The method of claim 28, further comprising the steps of: (a) with the microprocessor, calculating, for each of the sensors, an average current value of the long average current value of the remaining sensors; (b) with the microprocessor, comparing the long average current value for each of the sensors against the average current value of the long average current value of the remaining sensors; and (c) sending an output alarm if the long average current value for any one of the sensors deviates from the average current value of the long average current value of the remaining sensors by the threshold value. 