An assembly for mounting solar panels to structural surfaces includes a frame member adapted to receive and retain a first end portion of a solar panel, and a mounting foot adapted for attachment to the structural surface, wherein the frame member and the mounting foot are adapted for interlocking engagement with each other to mount an end of a solar panel on the structural surface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An assembly for mounting a solar panel to a structural surface, the assembly comprising: a first frame member adapted to receive and retain a first end portion of a solar panel; and a first mounting foot adapted for attachment to the structural surface and comprising a base portion adapted for attachment to the structural surface, and a flange fixed to said base portion and spaced from said base portion, and having a free edge; wherein said first frame member is provided with a pocket for the receiving and retaining of the first end portion of the solar panel, and with a capture opening defined by first and second walls spaced apart to receive and retain therebetween said flange of said first mounting foot; wherein said second wall is in part sloped so as to receive said flange of said first mounting foot and guide said flange into said capture opening; wherein said first frame member is provided with a capture tooth adapted to bitingly engage said flange of said first mounting foot when said flange is disposed substantially fully in said first frame member capture opening; wherein said first frame member and said first mounting foot are adapted to rotatably interlock with each other to mount the first end portion of the solar panel on the structural surface. 2. The assembly in accordance with claim 1 and further comprising: a second frame member adapted to receive and retain a second end portion of the solar panel; and a second mounting foot adapted for attachment to the structural surface; wherein said second frame member and said second mounting foot are adapted for connection to each other to mount the second end portion of the solar panel on the structural surface. 3. The assembly in accordance with claim 1 wherein said first mounting foot comprises: a protrusion extending from said base portion, said protrusion comprising: a first leg extending outwardly from said base portion at an angle transverse to said base portion; a second leg extending from said first leg and angled relative to said first leg and to said base portion; a flange support portion extending from said second leg; and said flange extending from said flange support portion and generally parallel to said base portion; said second leg, flange support portion and flange forming a pocket for receiving a retaining a portion of said first frame member. 4. The assembly in accordance with claim 2 wherein said second mounting foot comprises a second base portion adapted for attachment to the structural surface and a support portion extending from said second base portion, and said second frame member is provided with a second pocket for securing and retaining the second end portion of the solar panel. 5. The assembly in accordance with claim 2 wherein said second frame member is provided with a flange extending therefrom and forming a recess for receiving a wall portion of said second mounting foot. 6. The assembly in accordance with claim 5 wherein said second frame member is provided with a threaded channel for receiving a threaded fastener extending through a wall of said second mounting foot. 7. The assembly in accordance with claim 2 wherein said second frame member comprises: an inner body portion having a pocket at a first end thereof for receiving and retaining the second end portion of the solar panel; and an outer body portion disposed around said inner body portion and adapted to be locked to said inner body portion. 8. The assembly in accordance with claim 7, wherein: said outer body portion is provided with a flange defining a recess adapted to receive a wall portion of said second mounting foot; and said outer body portion is provided with a threaded recess for receiving a fastener extending through said second mounting foot for locking said inner and outer body portions to each other. 9. An assembly for mounting a solar panel to a structural surface, the assembly comprising: a first frame member adapted to receive and retain a first end portion of a solar panel; and a first mounting foot adapted for attachment to the structural surface; wherein said first frame member and said first mounting foot are adapted to rotatably interlock with each other to mount the first end portion of the solar panel on the structural surface; wherein said first mounting foot comprises: a base portion for attachment to the structural surface; a protrusion extending from said base portion, said protrusion comprising: a first leg extending outwardly from said base portion at an angle transverse to said base portion; a second leg extending from said first leg and angled relative to said first leg and to said base portion; a flange support portion extending from said second leg; and a flange extending from said flange support portion and generally parallel to said base portion; said second leg, flange support portion and flange forming a pocket for receiving and retaining a portion of said first frame member; an outer wall portion of said first frame member having a curved end portion joining a sloped wall of a capture opening, wherein said pocket is adapted to receive said first frame member wall curved end portion, and said first frame member wall curved end portion is adapted to be moved into said first mounting foot pocket and rotated therein until said flange is substantially fully disposed in said capture opening; an inner wall portion of the first frame member extending generally parallel to said outer wall portion and spaced therefrom, said inner wall portion having a sloped surface extending to a first frame member pocket for receiving the solar panel first end portion, said sloped surface being configured to guide the solar panel first end portion into said first frame member pocket; wherein an end of said inner wall portion extends into said capture opening and forms a tooth projecting into said capture opening and engageable with said first mounting foot flange to lock said flange in said capture opening. 10. The assembly in accordance with claim 9 and further comprising: a second frame member adapted to receive and retain a second end portion of the solar panel; and a second mounting foot adapted for attachment to the structural surface; wherein said second frame member and said second mounting foot are adapted for connection to each other to mount the second end portion of the solar panel on the structural surface. 11. The assembly in accordance with claim 10 wherein said second mounting foot comprises a second base portion adapted for attachment to the structural surface and a support portion extending from said second base portion, and said second frame member is provided with a second pocket for securing and retaining the second end potion of the solar panel. 12. The assembly in accordance with claim 10 wherein said second frame member is provided with a flange extending therefrom and forming a recess for receiving a wall portion of said second mounting foot. 13. The assembly in accordance with claim 12 wherein said second frame member is provided with a threaded channel for receiving a threaded fastener extending through a wall of said second mounting foot. 