A canopy for electric vehicles is composed of extruded profiles containing shelves for placement of photovoltaic panels, inside ceiling, integrated gutter and curtain slides, and a special universal rail system which allows the canopy to be mounted on vehicles of different brands with different horizontal distances between the uprights supporting the canopy of this type of vehicles, where the design of the profiles, linking them together, a ceiling with inlaid metal lattice, together with photovoltaic panels and the uprights also offers a more effective protection against the harmful effects of lightning than the known types of canopies, and a special control box is utilized that allows photovoltaic panels to be connected in parallel which reduces the harmful effects of shade on the panels and maximises the energy that may be transferred to different and higher battery voltages.
Claims We claim: 1. Canopy carrying photovoltaic panels and built in modules for flexible mounting on electric vehicles comprising: transverse profiles connected to mounting rails with clamping devices that allows linear stepless fitting by means of grooves in said transverse profiles, and are fastened to the mounting rails; wherein the mounting rails are connected to uprights with clamping devices, that allows linear stepless fitting by means of said grooves in the mounting rails and are fastened to the uprights. 2. Canopy according to claim 1, further comprising a frame profile containing means for capturing rainwater and sliding means for a curtain. 3. Canopy according to claim 1, wherein the transverse profile contains a shelf for supporting photovoltaic panels, a groove for a linear stepless clamping to a mounting rail and channels for affixing the transverse profile to a frame. 4. Canopy according to claim 1, further comprising a ceiling including a metal net in electrical connection with other metal parts of the canopy and vehicle uprights 5. Canopy according to claim 1, wherein the canopy is in electrical contact with the vehicle uprights. 6. Canopy according to claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic panels are connected electrically in parallel. 7. Canopy according to claim 1 wherein power from the photovoltaic panels is maximized with maximum power point tracker whose output can be adjusted for different battery voltages 8. Canopy according to claim 7 wherein a maximum power point tracker is equipped with a display showing intensity of solar influx. 