A thermal control system and method of using same are disclosed. Preferably, the thermal control system includes at least a combination data logger and control module interacting with a heat transfer medium circulation device, a heat transfer medium distribution system communicating with a heat transfer medium circulation device, and a service object interacting with a heat transfer distribution system, wherein the heat transfer medium distribution system facilitates heat transfer between the service object and a heat transfer medium confined within the heat transfer medium distribution system. Preferably, the thermal control system further includes a pair of motors each configured for driving the heat transfer medium circulation device, and a motor control and switching circuit responsive to a predetermined signal provided by the data logger and control module for selecting one of the pair of motors for use in driving the heat transfer medium circulation device.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device comprising: a combination data logger and control module; a heat transfer medium circulation device responsive to the combination data logger and control module; a heat transfer medium distribution system communicating with the heat transfer medium circulation device; a service object interacting with the heat transfer medium distribution system, wherein the heat transfer medium distribution system facilitates heat transfer between the service object and a heat transfer medium confined within the heat transfer medium distribution system; a pair of motors, each of the pair of motors coupled to the heat transfer medium circulation device, wherein one of the pair of motors is an electric motor, and the other motor of the pair of motors is a non-electric motor; and a motor control and switching circuit disposed between the data logger and control module and the pair of motors, the motor control and switching circuit selecting one of the pair of motors for use in driving the heat transfer medium circulation device in response to a predetermined signal provided by the data logger and control module. 2. The device of claim 1, further comprising a battery functionally coupled to the electric motor. 3. The device of claim 2, further comprising a solar panel communicating with the battery for use in charging the battery. 4. The device of claim 3, further comprising a solar circuit controller disposed between the combination data logger and control module and the solar panel, the solar circuit controller controlling the operation of a charging circuit disposed between the solar panel in the battery. 5. The device of claim 4, in which the solar circuit controller further aligns the solar panel in response to information provided by the combination data logger and control module. 6. The device of claim 1, in which the heat transfer medium circulation device is a pump when the heat transfer medium is a coolant. 7. The device of claim 6, further comprising a heat exchanger, the heat exchanger modulating the thermal condition of the coolant in response to a heat exchanger controller interacting with the heat exchanger. 8. The device of claim 7, further comprising a demand sensor communicating with the service object and, as well as the heat exchanger controller, the demand sensor collecting a condition status of the service object and providing said condition status to the heat exchanger controller, wherein the heat exchanger controller selectively controls the operation of the heat exchanger based on said condition status of the service object. 9. The device of claim 8, further comprising a flow sensor communicating with the coolant, as well as the combination data logger and control module, wherein the flow sensor monitors flow of the coolant and provides a flow status of the coolant to the combination data logger and control module as input for controlling the motor control and switching circuit. 10. The device of claim 6, further comprising a heat exchanger interacting with the coolant, and a heat exchanger controller communicating with the coolant prior to the coolant interacting with the service object and after interaction of the coolant with the service object, wherein when a difference between a condition of the coolant exiting interaction with the service object and entering interaction with the service object obtains a predetermined differential level, the heat exchanger controller selectively controls the operation of the heat exchanger based on said predetermined differential level. 11. The device of claim 1, in which the heat transfer medium circulation device is a compressor when the heat transfer medium is a refrigerant. 12. The device of claim 11, further comprising a heat exchanger, the heat exchanger modulating the thermal condition of the refrigerant in response to a heat exchanger controller interacting with the heat exchanger. 13. The device of claim 12, further comprising a demand sensor communicating with the service object, as well as the heat exchanger controller, the demand sensor collecting a condition status of the service object and providing said condition status to the heat exchanger controller, wherein the heat exchanger controller selectively controls the operation of the heat exchanger based on said condition status of the service object. 14. The device of claim 13, further comprising a flow sensor communicating with each the refrigerant and the combination data logger and control module, wherein the flow sensor monitors flow of the refrigerant and provides a flow status of the refrigerant to the combination data logger and control module as input for controlling the motor control and switching circuit. 15. The device of claim 11, further comprising a heat exchanger interacting with the refrigerant, and a heat exchanger controller communicating with the refrigerant prior to the refrigerant interacting with the service object and after interaction of the refrigerant with the service object, wherein when a difference between a condition of the refrigerant exiting interaction with the service object and entering interaction with the service object obtains a predetermined differential level, the heat exchanger controller selectively controls the operation of the heat exchanger based on said predetermined differential level. 16. A method by steps comprising: sensing a condition of a service object; determining a condition of a heat transfer medium; activating a heat transfer medium circulation device when the sensed condition of the service object attains a predetermined condition, the heat transfer medium circulation device coupled to a pair of motors, wherein one of the pair of motors is an electric motor, and the other motor of the pair of motors is a non-electric motor; and engaging a heat exchanger when the condition of the heat transfer medium attains a previously determined condition; disengaging an electric motor driving the heat transfer medium circulation device when a power source for the electric motor drops below a prearranged voltage level; and using a non-electric motor to drive the heat transfer medium circulation device when the electric motor driving a heat transfer medium circulation device is disengaged. 17. The method of claim 16, in which the heat transfer medium circulation device is a pump. 18. The method of claim 16, in which the heat transfer medium circulation device is a compressor. 19. The method of claim 16, by steps further comprising: sensing an ambient condition external to the service object; and comparing the sensed condition of the service object to the sensed ambient condition and to the sensed condition of the heat transfer medium to determine a desired state of the heat exchanger. 20. The method of claim 19, by steps further comprising: monitoring a condition of the heat transfer medium; activating a heat transfer medium circulation device when the condition of the heat transfer medium attains the previously determined condition; engaging the heat exchanger when the difference between the condition of the heat transfer medium exiting interaction with the service object and entering interaction with the service object attains a previously determined level; and initiating a solar panel when the voltage level of a power source drops to a predetermined level and the ambient conditions are conducive for generation of solar power. 