Cosmetic/dermatological compositions for topical application and useful for the treatment, e.g., of acne, contain, formulated into a physiologically acceptable medium, at least one naphthoic acid compound and at least one polyurethane polymer or derivative thereof, the at least one naphthoic acid compound being dispersed therein.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A topically applicable, stable cosmetic/dermatological composition which comprises at least one naphthoic acid compound useful for the treatment of keratinization disorders and an anti-irritant amount of at least one polyurethane polymer, said at least one naphthoic acid compound being dispersed in undissolved form therein, said at least one polyurethane polymer being present in an amount sufficient to decrease the irritant effect of the naphthoic acid compound dispersed in undissolved form therein, formulated into a topically applicable, physiologically acceptable medium therefor, said composition further comprising at least one carbomer gelling or suspending agent and having a pH of 5.5.+-.0.5, wherein the composition is devoid of extract of saw palmetto berries. 2. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 1, said at least one naphthoic acid compound having the formula (I): ##STR00004## in which R is a hydrogen atom, a hydroxyl radical, a branched or unbranched alkyl radical having from 1 to 4 carbon atoms, an alkoxy radical having from 1 to 10 carbon atoms or a cycloaliphatic radical. 3. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 1, the concentration of said at least one naphthoic acid compound ranging from 0.001% to 10% by weight relative to the total weight of the composition. 4. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 1, said at least one naphthoic acid compound being selected from the group consisting of 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-methoxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid, 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-hydroxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid, 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-decyloxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid and 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-hexyloxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid. 5. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 4, said at least one naphthoic acid compound comprising 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-methoxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid. 6. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 5, the concentration of said 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-methoxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid being about 0.1% by weight relative to the total weight of the composition. 7. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 5, the concentration of said 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-methoxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid being about 0.3% by weight relative to the total weight of the composition. 8. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 1, said at least one naphthoic acid compound comprising the only active principle therein. 9. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 1, said at least one polyurethane polymer being selected from the group consisting of the polyolprepolymer of type 2, the polyolprepolymer of type 14 and the polyolprepolymer of type 15, and mixture thereof. 10. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 9, said at least one polyurethane polymer being the polyolprepolymer of type 2. 11. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 1, the concentration of said at least one polyurethane polymer type ranging from 0.5% to 20% by weight relative to the total weight of the composition. 12. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 11, wherein the concentration of said at least one polyurethane polymer is about 1%, 3%, 7% or 10% by weight relative to the total weight thereof. 13. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 1, formulated as an aqueous, aqueous-alcoholic or oily dispersion, a dispersion of the lotion type, an aqueous, anhydrous or lipophilic gel, an emulsion of liquid or semi-liquid consistency of the milk type, obtained by dispersing a fatty phase in an aqueous phase or vice versa, or a suspension or emulsion of soft, semi-liquid or solid consistency of the cream, gel, cream-gel or pomade type, or as a microemulsion, microcapsules, microparticles or vesicular dispersion of ionic and/or nonionic type. 14. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 13, formulated as a gel. 15. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 13, formulated a cream. 16. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 13, formulated a lotion. 17. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 13, formulated a cream-gel. 18. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 14, comprising, in water: from 0.1% to 0.3% of at least one naphthoic acid compound; from 1% to 10% of one or more polyurethane polymers; from 0.1% to 3% of gelling agents; from 0.01% to 1.5% of chelating agents; from 1% to 10% of a wetting agent; and from 0.01% to 3% of preservatives. 19. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 13, formulated as a cream, a lotion or a cream-gel. 20. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 19, comprising in water: from 0.1% to 0.3% of at least one naphthoic acid compound; from 1% to 10% of one or more polyurethane polymers; from 0.1% to 3% of gelling agents or suspending agents; from 0.01% to 1.5% of chelating agents; from 1% to 10% of a wetting agent; from 0.1% to 20% of an emollient; from 0.1% to 30% of fatty phase; from 0.01% to 3% of preservatives; from 0 to 10% of emulsifiers. 21. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 20, formulated as a lotion, comprising in water: about 0.1% of at least one naphthoic acid compound; about 3% of one or more polyurethane polymers; about 0.2% of gelling agents or suspending agents; about 0.1% of chelating agents; from 2% to 6% of a wetting agent; from 0.1% to 20% of an emollient; about 7% of fatty phase; from 1% to 1.5% of preservatives; from 4% to 6% of emulsifiers. 22. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 1, formulated as a medicament. 23. The cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 21, wherein said one or more polyurethane polymers is the polyolprepolymer of type 2. 24. A process for preparing a cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 1, comprising mixing a physiologically acceptable vehicle containing at least one naphthoic acid compound with at least one polyurethane polymer, said at least one naphthoic acid compound being dispersed in undissolved form therein. 25. The process as defined by claim 24, comprising the following steps: a) mixing the at least one naphthoic acid compound with at least one wetting agent, at least one chelating agent, at least one gelling agent, optionally hydrophilic emulsifiers and emollients, in water, until said at least one naphthoic acid compound is fully dispersed in undissolved form, to obtain an aqueous active phase; b) optionally, to produce an emulsion, mixing at least lipophilic emulsifiers, oils and/or solid fatty substances with preservatives, to obtain a fatty phase; c) optionally, introducing said fatty phase obtained in b) into the aqueous active phase obtained in a) to obtain an emulsion; d) if necessary, introducing a gelling-agent neutralizer into the emulsion obtained in c) or into the aqueous phase obtained in a) to obtain the desired pH, and adding the remaining amount of water; the polyurethane polymer being introduced into the aqueous active phase obtained in a) or into the fatty phase obtained in step b) or during step d) as a function of its lipophilic or hydrophilic nature. 26. The process as defined by claim 24, comprising the following steps: step a): preparation of the aqueous active phase: introducing purified water, the at least one naphthoic acid compound, optionally hydrophilic emulsifiers in the case of preparing an oil-in-water emulsion, emollients, wetting agents, chelating agent and gelling agent(s) into a beaker with stirring by means of a deflocculator; stirring the mixture without heating until fully dispersed wherein the naphthoic acid compound is dispersed in undissolved form; when the mixture is homogeneous, adjusting the aqueous phase to 60.degree. C. on a water bath and introducing therein the preservative methyl paraben; optional step b): preparation of the fatty phase: introducing the lipophilic emulsifiers, oily compounds and preservatives into an additional beaker with stirring by means of a deflocculator; adjusting the mixture to 60.degree. C. on a water bath and introducing volatile silicone, if necessary, after homogenization; optional step c): emulsification: introducing the fatty phase gently into the aqueous phase at a temperature of about 60.degree. C. and with stirring by means of a deflocculator, to effect emulsification; continuing heating for 5 minutes, and then allowing the product is then allowed to cool; the stirring being regulated as a function of the viscosity; step d): neutralization: introducing the gelling-agent neutralizer, if necessary, at about 40.degree. C., up to a pH of 5.5.+-.0.5; monitoring the pH and adjusting the volume with water; homogenizing and packaging the product; the polyurethane polymer being introduced during step a) or during step b) or during step d) as a function of the lipophilic or hydrophilic nature thereof. 27. A method for treating a dermatological condition/affliction associated with a keratinization disorder having a bearing on cell differentiation and proliferation, selected from the group consisting of common acne, comedonic acne, papulopustular acne, papulocomedonic acne, nodulocystic acne, acne conglobata, cheloid acne of the nape of the neck, recurrent miliary acne, necrotic acne, neonatal acne, occupational acne, senile acne, solar acne and medication-related acne, said method comprising administering a cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 1 to an individual in need of such treatment. 28. The method as defined by claim 27, comprising treating common acne. 29. A method for treating acne-prone skin, for combating the greasy appearance of the skin or the hair, for protection against the harmful effects of sunlight or for the treatment of physiologically greasy skin, or for combating light-induced or chronological aging, said method comprising administering a cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 1 to an individual in need of such treatment. 30. A method for treating acne, said method comprising administering a cosmetic/dermatological composition as defined by claim 1 to an individual in need of such treatment. 