A monitoring system for response to incidents sensed by at least one sensor of an individual signal unit; said response comprising in a first instance, transmission to a central control facility by a said individual signal unit, of at least a unique identifying code for that individual signal unit, over a communication network; said response comprising in a second instance, transmission of data from said central control facility to one or more recipients nominated by a registered owner of said individual signal unit; and wherein registration of a said individual signal unit and configuration of sensing and of said response is via a web-based interface. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said response in said first instance includes digital or analogue data input to said individual signal unit. In a further form there is disclosed a method of monitoring the status of an item of interest; said method including the steps of: (i) purchase by an owner of an individual signal unit and at least one user selectable sensor for connection to said device, (j) registering said individual signal unit and said at least one sensor with a central control facility, (k) configuring a response executable by said central control facility on receipt by said facility of a signal transmitted by said individual signal unit.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A monitoring system enabled by the internet and a communication system; said monitoring system including an individual signal unit in two way communication with a central control facility; said monitoring system further including at least one external event sensor for sensing external events; said external event sensor being in communication with said individual signal unit; said individual signal unit provided with output relays to activate one or more output devices; said individual signal unit configured for communication with said at least one output device; said at least one output device able to be activated by said central control facility of said monitoring system via the individual signal unit; said system responsive to incidents sensed by said at least one external event sensor; a response of said system including in a first instance, transmission by said individual signal unit of at least a unique identifying code for that individual signal unit; said transmission made to said central control facility over a distributed communication network; said response including in a second instance, execution by said central control facility of pre-determined steps according to protocols stored at said central control facility; said steps including transmission of data to one or more recipients; and wherein said pre-determined steps may include activation of a said output device communicating with said individual signal unit, and wherein said individual signal unit and said external event sensors or output devices are registered by an applicant user with said central control facility; registration and structuring by said applicant user of said protocols effected by means of data entry into a web-based interface maintained by said central control facility; events sensed by any one of said external event sensors being available for communication to any one of said recipients as effected by data entry into said web based interface by said applicant user wherein the user via the web-based portal can induce the central control facility to download protocols to the individual signal unit to configure the individual signal unit to activate one or more output devices. 2. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said response in said first instance includes digital or analogue data input to said individual signal unit. 3. The monitoring system of claim 2 wherein said digital or analogue data is transmitted to said central control facility in real time. 4. The monitoring system of claim 2 wherein said digital or analogue data is stored, prior transmission, on a data storage device of said individual signal unit. 5. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said at least one external event sensor is incorporated within said individual signal unit. 6. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said individual signal unit is incorporated in a said external event sensor. 7. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said at least one external event sensor is external to said individual signal unit; said external event sensor connected to an input port of said individual signal unit. 8. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said individual signal unit includes a rechargeable power supply. 9. The monitoring system of claim 8 wherein said rechargeable power supply is recharged by a solar cell array. 10. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said web-based interface includes at least one web page; said web page provided with at least one data entry field. 11. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein a said individual signal unit is provided with a unique individual signal unit identification code; said unique identification code included in said signal transmitted to said central control facility. 12. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein each said at least one external event sensor is associated with a unique sequence of repeat transmissions of said unique identification code; said unique sequence of repeat transmissions comprising said signal transmitted to said central control facility. 13. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein each said individual signal unit is associated with at least one external event sensor. 14. The monitoring system of claim 13 wherein said at least one external event sensor responds to a change in stimulus of said sensor. 15. The monitoring system of claim 13 wherein said at least one external event sensor responds to a predefined stimulus. 16. The monitoring system of claim 14 wherein said individual signal unit receives an input signal from said at least one external event sensor at said change in stimulus. 17. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said central control facility includes a transceiver module in communication with said communication network. 18. The monitoring system of claim 17 wherein said transceiver module is linked to server and data storage devices; said server and data storage devices adapted to process signals received from a said individual signal unit. 19. The monitoring system of claim 18 wherein said server and data storage devices initiate at least one pre-programmed output; said at least one output dependent on said unique identification code. 20. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said individual signal unit is provided with at least one input; said at least one input communicating with said at least one external event sensor. 21. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said individual signal unit is provided with at least one output; said at least one output controlling an output device. 22. The monitoring system of claim 19 wherein said server and data storage devices initiate predetermined communications to at least one nominated recipient; said communications dependent on a signal received from a said individual signal unit. 23. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said one or more recipients includes said owner of a said individual signal unit registered with said monitoring system. 24. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said one or more recipients includes a service provider nominated by said owner of a said individual signal unit. 25. A monitoring system enabled by the internet and a communication system; said monitoring system including a number of individual signal units in two-way communication with a central control facility; each of said individual signal units connected to at least one external event sensor; said individual signal unit provided with output relays for activation of one or more output devices; said external event sensors and output devices selected by an owner of said individual signal unit from a plurality of standard external event sensors and output devices; each of said individual signal units adapted for connection of at least one output device, and wherein an applicant user of said system purchases a said individual signal unit and one or more of said external event sensors or output devices selected from a plurality of standard or third party said external event sensors or output devices, said individual signal unit and said external event sensors or output devices registered with said central control facility; registration and structuring by said applicant user of protocols effected by means of data entry into a web-based interface maintained by said central control facility; events sensed by any one of said external event sensors being available for communication to any one of registered users as effected by data entry into said web-based interface by said applicant user; said central control facility responding to an incident sensed by a said external event sensor according to protocols established at registration by a said owner through interaction with pages of a web site maintained by said central control facility; said protocols including pre-determined steps to be executed by said central control facility; and wherein said pre-determined steps including activation of one or more said output devices by said central control facility wherein the user via the web-based portal can induce the central control facility to download protocols to the individual signal unit to configure the individual signal unit to activate one or more output devices. 26. A method of monitoring the status of an item of interest over the internet and a communication system; said method including the steps of: (a) purchase by an owner of an individual signal unit and at least one external event sensor selected from a plurality of standard external event sensors for connection to said individual signal unit, said individual signal unit adapted for connection of at least one output device, (b) registering said individual signal unit and said at least one external event sensor and any output device with a central control facility, (c) configuring a response executable by said central control facility on receipt by said facility of a signal transmitted by said individual signal unit; said response including activation of said at least one output device by said central control facility, wherein said monitoring of said status includes a signal from said at least one external event sensor to said individual signal unit, and wherein said response by said central control facility includes a number of prior defined pre-determined steps nominated by a said owner when registering a said individual signal unit and said at least one external event sensor and any said output device with said central control facility; wherein said response may include activation of a said output device by said central control facility; registration and configuring of said response effected by interaction with pages of a web site maintained by said central control facility; and wherein an applicant user of said system purchases a said individual signal unit and one or more of said external event sensors or output devices selected from a plurality of standard or third party said external event sensors and any output devices, said individual signal unit and said external event sensors and output devices registered with said central control facility; registration and structuring by said applicant user of said pre-determined steps effected by means of data entry into a web-based interface maintained by said central control facility; events sensed by anyone of said external event sensors being available for communication to one or more nominated recipients as effected by data entry into said web based interface by the said applicant user wherein the user via the web-based portal can induce the central control facility to download protocols to the individual signal unit to configure the individual signal unit to activate one or more output devices. 27. The method of claim 26 wherein said signal includes a unique identifying code of said individual signal unit. 28. The method of claim 26 wherein said registering of a said individual signal unit includes the steps of: (a) accessing a web site maintained by said central control facility, (b) establishing a user name and password with said central control facility, (c) entering into said web site a registration code of said individual signal unit, (d) entering a user selected identifier name for said individual signal unit, (e) entering details of one or more external event sensors and any output device to be connected to said individual signal unit, (f) entering details of said response executable by said central control facility. 