The present invention relates to testing a passive optical network having a head end and a plurality of terminals, which terminals are connected to the network at a respective plug and socket arrangement located at customer premises. A test device is provided having a standard plug for connection in place of a terminal in the socket of the relevant customer premises. An identification device is provided in the socket. The test device is arranged to (i) read the identity of the identification device and (ii) test the line and transmit a result to the head end together with the identity so that the line to the customer premises can be tested remotely. When the line has been tested, the test device can be removed. Because the test device uses an existing connection, the optical (insertion) loss is reduced.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A testing system comprising: a connector apparatus for releasably connecting an optical network to a terminal unit, the connector apparatus comprising a first connector in a first configuration arranged to releasably engage with cooperating connector in a second configuration, the connector apparatus having an identifier associated therewith, and an identifier circuit for providing an identification signal, which identification signal is indicative of the identifier associated with the connector apparatus; and a test device that is releasably connectable to the connector apparatus, the test device being operable in use with the connector apparatus to measure at least one characteristic of an optical signal from the optical network, and to transmit a test signal to a monitoring unit in the optical network, which test signal includes an indication of the measured characteristic(s) and an indication of the identifier associated with the connector wherein each of the terminal unit and the test device has a connector arranged according to second configuration. 2. A testing system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the or a measured characteristic is an indication of the optical power of the optical signal from the optical network. 3. A testing system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the connector apparatus has a common connector region for interchangeably connecting with a selected one of the terminal unit and the monitoring device. 4. A testing system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the test device has an electronic circuit for encoding the test signal. 5. A testing system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the connector apparatus includes a wall-mountable housing. 6. A testing system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the connectors in the first and second configuration are arranged so as to form an optical connection. 7. A testing system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the testing system is arranged to transmit test signals at random intervals. 8. A communications system including: a testing system as claimed in claim 1; and a terminal unit, the terminal unit having a connector arranged according to the second configuration. 9. A communications system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the communications system has: an operational state in which the terminal unit is connected to the first connector; and, a test state in which the terminal unit is removed from the first connector and the test device is connected to the first connector in place of the terminal unit. 10. A communications system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the terminal is arranged to transmit data in burst according to a scheduling instruction. 11. A communications network including plurality of testing systems as claimed in claim 1, wherein the communications network includes the optical network, and wherein the optical network is arranged to broadcast optical signals to each of the testing systems. 12. A testing system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the test device includes a photovoltaic converter for converting at least a portion of the optical signal to electrical power to power another portion of the test device. 13. A testing system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the connector apparatus includes an energy storage device. 14. A method of operating a testing system comprising testing an optical network arranged to broadcast optical signals to a plurality of network connector devices, the method comprising: receiving an optical signal at a connector device; measuring one or more characteristics of the optical signal using a test device; converting optical power in the optical signal into electrical power; powering the test device with the converted optical power; using connector apparatus to releasably connect the optical network to a terminal unit, the connector apparatus comprising a first connector in a first configuration arranged to releasably engage with a cooperating connector in a second configuration, the connector apparatus having an identifier associated therewith, and an identifier circuit for providing an identification signal to a monitoring unit in the optical network, which identification signal is indicative of the identifier associated with the connector apparatus; and releasably connecting a test device to the connector apparatus, the test device being operable in use with the connector apparatus to measure the one or more characteristics of the optical signal from the optical network, and to transmit a test signal to the monitoring unit in the optical network, which test signal includes an indication of the measured characteristic(s) and an indication of the identifier associated with the connector apparatus wherein each of the terminal unit and the test device has a connector arranged according to the second configuration. 15. A method according to claim 14 including removal of a plug of a terminal unit from the socket of the connector apparatus prior to plugging the test device into the socket of the connector apparatus. 