Methods and devices for assembling a terrestrial solar tracking photovoltaic array. The methods may include securing a torque tube to an alignment fixture by positioning a flange at an end of the torque tube over a shelf on the alignment fixture and positioning a section of the torque tube inward from the flange into a receptacle on the shelf of the alignment fixture. The method may include aligning and mounting a mount to the torque tube at a point along the torque tube inward from the end of the torque tube. The method may include aligning and mounting a solar cell module to the mount with the solar cell module including an array of lenses positioned over a set of corresponding receivers that include one or more III-V compound semiconductor solar cells. The method may include removing the torque tube from the alignment fixture after the solar cell module is mounted to the mount. The method may include aligning and mounting the torque tube to an end of a longitudinal support with the torque tube being coaxial with the longitudinal support and the solar cell module being able to rotate with the torque tube about a first axis that extends through the torque tube and the longitudinal support and a second axis perpendicular to the first axis.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of assembling a terrestrial solar tracking photovoltaic array that includes a plurality of vertical supports that support a longitudinal support comprising a string of coaxial torque tubes mounted thereon over the surface of the earth and substantially in a north-south direction, said longitudinal support being journalled for rotation so as to allow rotation during the course of a day, the method comprising: positioning a torque tube on two vertical supporting alignment fixtures, the torque tube including a first end and a second end; mounting a mount to the torque tube between the first and second ends, the mount having first and second sections that extend outward from opposing sides of the torque tube; mounting a first solar cell module to the first section of the mount and a second solar cell module to the second section of the mount, each of the solar cell modules including an array of lenses positioned over a set of corresponding receivers that include one or more III-V compound semiconductor solar cells; after the solar cell modules are mounted to the mount, removing the torque tube from the alignment fixtures; aligning the torque tube with a longitudinal support that is mounted over the surface of the earth with the torque tube and the longitudinal support being coaxial and aligned in an end-to-end orientation; and attaching the torque tube to the end of the longitudinal support and forming a single continuous member with the first and second solar cell modules being rotatable about a first axis defined by the coaxial torque tube and the longitudinal support and a second axis substantially perpendicular to the first axis. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising mounting the first solar cell module on a first side of the torque tube and the second solar cell module on an opposing second side of the torque tube, the first and second solar cell modules being positioned about 180.degree. apart. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising abutting a first flange on the first end of the torque tube against a second flange on the end of the longitudinal support and inserting fasteners through the first and second flanges to attach the first end of the torque tube to the end of the longitudinal support. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein positioning the torque tube on the two vertical supporting alignment fixtures includes positioning the torque tube in a scalloped receptacle mounted to a first of the two vertical alignment fixtures with the receptacle having a shape that conforms to an exterior shape of the torque tube. 5. The method of claim 4, further comprising encircling the torque tube by moving an arm on the first vertical alignment fixture over the torque tube after the torque tube is placed in the scalloped receptacle. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising prior to removing the torque tube from the two vertical alignment fixtures, attaching a first end of an elongated linkage to an extension that extends outward from one of the two vertical alignment fixtures and a attaching a central section of the linkage to the mount, the linkage being parallel with the torque tube. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising attaching a linear actuator to the torque tube with a first end of the linear actuator attached to an intermediate section of the torque tube between the first and second ends and a second end of the linear actuator attached to a linkage that extends parallel to the torque tube. 8. A method of assembling a terrestrial solar tracking photovoltaic array that includes a plurality of vertical supports that support a longitudinal support comprising a string of coaxial torque tubes mounted thereon over the surface of the earth and substantially in a north-south direction, said longitudinal support being journalled for rotation so as to allow rotation during the course of a day, the method comprising: securing a torque tube to an alignment fixture by positioning a flange at an end of the torque tube over a shelf on the alignment fixture and positioning a section of the torque tube inward from the flange into a receptacle on the shelf of the alignment fixture; aligning and mounting a mount to the torque tube at a point along the torque tube inward from the end of the torque tube; aligning and mounting a solar cell module to the mount with the solar cell module including an array of lenses positioned over a set of corresponding receivers that include one or more III-V compound semiconductor solar cells; after the solar cell module is mounted to the mount, removing the torque tube from the alignment fixture; and aligning and mounting the torque tube to an end of the longitudinal support with the torque tube being coaxial with the longitudinal support and the solar cell module being able to rotate with the torque tube about a first axis that extends through the torque tube and the longitudinal support and a second axis perpendicular to the first axis. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising positioning the torque tube onto ends of a plurality of vertical supports and subsequently aligning and mounting the torque tube to the end of the longitudinal support. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising attaching the flange at the end of the torque tube to a ring member of a drive positioned at the end of one of the plurality of vertical supports, the drive providing a rotational force to the torque tube and the longitudinal support to rotate both about the first axis. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising mounting the drive to the end of one of the plurality of vertical supports prior to attaching the flange at the end of the torque tube to the drive. 12. The method of claim 8, wherein securing the torque tube to the alignment fixture further comprises positioning a bottom side of the torque tube into a scalloped groove on the alignment fixture and positioning a clamp arm mounted to the alignment fixture over a top side of the torque tube, the clamp arm maintaining the torque tube in the scalloped groove. 13. The method of claim 8, wherein mounting the mount to the torque tube at the point along the torque tube inward from the end of the torque tube comprises positioning the mount at an end of an alignment arm that is attached to and extends outward from the alignment fixture. 14. The method of claim 8, further comprising mounting an elongated linkage to the torque tube with the linkage being parallel to the first axis while the torque tube is secured to the alignment fixture. 15. The method of claim 13, further comprising attaching a linear actuator with a first end of the linear actuator attached to the torque tube and a second end of the linear actuator attached to the linkage, the linear actuator including a drive and telescoping first and second sections with the first end positioned on the first section and the second end positioned on the second section. 16. The method of claim 14, further comprising supporting the linkage while the torque tube is secured to the alignment fixture by positioning the linkage in a receiver on a first end of a support and contacting a second end of the support against the torque tube, the support including a length to position the linkage parallel to the first axis. 17. A method of assembling a terrestrial solar tracking photovoltaic array comprising: securing a first torque tube section to first and second alignment fixtures; while the first torque tube section is secured, mounting a first mount to the first torque tube section and a first linkage to the first mount; removing the first torque tube section from the first and second alignment fixtures; thereafter, securing a second torque tube section to the first and second alignment fixtures; while the second torque tube section is secured, mounting a second mount to the second torque tube section and a second linkage to the second mount; removing the second torque tube section from the first and second alignment fixtures; rotatably securing the first torque tube section on a first plurality of vertical supports; rotatably securing the second torque tube section on a second plurality of vertical supports; aligning and mounting the second torque tube section to an end of the first torque tube section with the sections being arranged in coaxial end-to-end arrangement; attaching the first and second linkages together; attaching solar cell modules to each of the first and second mounts with the solar cell modules including an array of lenses positioned over a set of corresponding receivers that include one or more III-V compound semiconductor solar cells; attaching the first torque tube section to a drive to rotate the first and second torque tube sections about a first axis that extends through the first and second torque tube section; and attaching one of the first and second linkages to a linear actuator to rotate the first and second mounts about a second axis perpendicular to the first axis. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein attaching the solar cell modules to each of the first and second mounts occurs while the first and second torque tube sections are secured to the first and second alignment fixtures. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein securing the first and second torque tube sections to the first and second alignment fixtures includes placing ends of the torque tube sections into receptacles on the first and second alignment fixtures. 20. The method of claim 17, further comprising mounting an equal number of the solar cell modules on each side of the first and second torque tube sections to distribute the weight and facilitate rotation about the first axis. 