This invention relates to a solar energy collector that converts solar radiation into both electrical and thermal energy. More specifically this invention relates to a concentrating solar energy collector with an integrated construction that minimizes cost, bulk, and weight, and maximizes overall efficiency. Typical non-concentrating solar collectors use photovoltaic cells over the entirety of their surface. These solar cells are the most expensive part of the collector. This invention discloses using a reflector to concentrate the incident radiation on photovoltaic cells with one-twentieth the area of the reflector, and transferring the co-generated thermal energy into a working fluid pumped through the cell support structure.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A solar energy system comprising a solar energy collector, said solar energy collector comprising: a cover, a concentrating reflector, a photovoltaic cell, a plurality of ribs, a cell mounting structure with an internal bore, a transparent covered tube, and two end caps, wherein said cover is positioned above the photovoltaic cell and is transparent to solar radiation; said plurality of ribs are located below said cover and above said concentrating reflector, wherein said concentrating reflector directs concentrated solar radiation onto said photovoltaic cell; wherein said cover, said reflector, and said ribs are integrally connected together and support said solar energy collector; said cell mounting structure with an internal bore containing a working fluid; said transparent covered tube and two end caps are positioned about said cell mounting structure and said photovoltaic cell, wherein said transparent covered tube, said two end caps, and said cell mounting structure create a sealed volume about said photovoltaic cell; and said photovoltaic cell is horizontally mounted and in thermal contact with said working fluid; wherein said photovoltaic cell converts part of said concentrated solar radiation into electrical energy, part of said concentrated solar radiation is collected as thermal energy by the solar energy system, and said thermal energy conducts through said photovoltaic cell into said working fluid. 2. The solar energy system of claim 1, further comprising a fluid tube within said internal bore and in thermal contact with said cell mounting structure. 3. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein said sealed volume is evacuated of air. 4. The solar energy system of claim 1, further comprising a reflective coating applied to an inner portion of said transparent covered tube, wherein said reflective coating reflects said concentrated solar radiation toward said cell mounting structure. 5. The solar energy system of claim 1, further comprising an aligned plurality of cell mounting structures with bores and a plurality of photovoltaic cells, wherein said plurality of cell mounting structures are positioned linearly with said bores axially aligned, and said fluid tube runs through the bores the length of said aligned plurality of cell mounting structures. 6. The solar energy system of claim 1, further comprising a tilt mechanism and a control module in communication with said tilt mechanism wherein said control module directs said tilt mechanism to tilt said solar energy collector to a specified tilt angle. 7. The solar energy system of claim 6, wherein said control module receives voltage data from the photovoltaic cell and adjusts tilt angle and rotation to maximize voltage output. 8. The solar energy system of claim 6, wherein said control module determines said specified tilt angle using a latitude and longitude associated with said solar energy collector, and a date and time said solar energy collector is to be tilted. 9. The solar energy system of claim 6, wherein said control module receives operating data from said solar collector and adjusts direction based on operating data. 10. The solar energy system of claim 9, wherein said operating data comprises temperature data from said solar collector and said direction is chosen to reduce temperature. 11. The solar energy system of claim 9, wherein said operating data comprises a fluid flow rate. 