An outdoor monitoring system includes a camera, a direct-current adapter, a solar cell unit and a power management unit. The power management unit includes a controller, a rechargeable power source, a first voltage detection circuit, and a second voltage detection circuit. The first voltage detection circuit detects a charging voltage of the solar cell unit for charging the rechargeable power source. The second voltage detection circuit detects an output voltage of the rechargeable power source applied to the camera. The controller selectively connects the rechargeable power source or the direct-current adapter to the camera according to the output voltage and connects or disconnects the rechargeable power source to the solar cell unit according the output voltage and the charging voltage.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An outdoor monitoring system, comprising: a camera; a direct-current (DC) adapter for converting an alternating current into a direct current; a solar cell unit configured for converting light into electrical energy; and a power management unit, the power management unit comprising a controller, a rechargeable power source, a first voltage detection circuit, a second voltage detection circuit, a first switch, a second switch, and a switch circuit; the solar cell unit electrically connected to the rechargeable power source via the switch circuit, the rechargeable power source electrically connected to a first end of the second switch, the DC adapter electrically connected to a second end of the second switch via the first switch, the DC adapter electrically connected to the rechargeable power source via the first switch, a third end of the second switch electrically connected to the camera, the controller electrically connected to the first switch, the second switch, and the switch circuit, a first end of the first voltage detection circuit electrically connected between the rechargeable power source and an output end of the switch circuit, a second end of the first voltage detection circuit electrically connected to the controller, a first end of the second voltage detection circuit electrically connected between the rechargeable power source and the first end of the second switch, a second end of the second voltage detection circuit electrically connected to the controller; and the first voltage detection circuit configured for detecting a charging voltage of the solar cell unit for charging the rechargeable power source, the second voltage detection circuit configured for detecting an output voltage of the rechargeable power source applied to the camera, the controller configured for selectively connecting the rechargeable power source or the DC adapter to the camera according to the output voltage and configured for connecting or disconnecting the rechargeable power source to or from the solar cell unit according to the output voltage and the charging voltage. 2. The outdoor monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the power management unit further comprises a current detection circuit configured for detecting a current outputted to the camera, a first end of the current detection circuit is electrically connected between the camera and the third end of the second switch, and a second end of the current detection circuit is electrically connected to the controller. 3. The outdoor monitoring system of claim 2, wherein the controller is further configured for powering on or off the camera according to the detected current. 4. The outdoor monitoring system of claim 1, wherein an input end of the switch circuit is electrically connected to the solar cell unit, a control end of the switch circuit is electrically connected to the controller, and the output end of the switch circuit is electrically connected to the rechargeable power source. 5. The outdoor monitoring system of claim 1, wherein if the output voltage is smaller than a first predetermined value, the controller is configured for controlling the switch circuit to open, controlling the first switch to close, and controlling the third end of the second switch to connect to the second end of the second switch thus connecting the DC adapter to the camera, disconnecting the rechargeable power source from the camera, and disconnecting the rechargeable power source from the solar cell unit; and if the output voltage is greater than or equal to the first predetermined value, the controller is configured for connecting the rechargeable power source to the camera and disconnecting the DC adapter from the camera. 6. The outdoor monitoring system of claim 5, wherein if the output voltage is greater than or equal to the first predetermined value and the charging voltage is smaller than a second predetermined value, the controller is configured for controlling the switch circuit and the first switch to open and controlling the third end of the second switch to connect to the first end of the second switch thus disconnecting the DC adapter from the camera, connecting the rechargeable power source to the camera, and disconnecting the rechargeable power source from the solar cell unit; and if the output voltage is greater than or equal to the first predetermined value and the charging voltage is greater than or equal to the second predetermined value, the controller is configured for controlling the switch circuit to close, controlling the first switch to open, and controlling the third end of the second switch to connect to the first end of the second switch thus connecting the rechargeable power source to the camera, disconnecting the DC adapter from the camera, and connecting the rechargeable power source to the solar cell unit. 7. The outdoor monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the solar cell unit is a dye sensitized solar cell unit, a polymer solar cell unit, or a silicon thin film solar cell unit. 8. The outdoor monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the first switch is a single pole, single throw-type (SPST-type) switch, the second switch is a single pole, double throw-type (SPDT-type) switch, and the switch circuit is a metal-oxide-semiconductor field-effect transistor (MOSFET) switch. 