A monitoring device may include a core cell including a detection circuit, and a radio frequency (RF) tag antenna configured to exchange data with a data acquisition reader device, and a single-tier corolla having sensor cells around the core cell and covering a monitoring area. The sensor cells may be configured to convert a change of a parameter at the cell location. The detection circuit may be configured to detect a change in the parameter and location based upon excitation by the reader device.
Claims That which is claimed is: 1. A monitoring device comprising: at least one single-tier sensor array comprising a core cell comprising a detection circuit and a radio frequency (RF) tag antenna coupled thereto and configured to communicate data with a reader device, a plurality of sensor cells around said core cell and covering a monitoring area, each sensor cell configured to sense a parameter at a respective cell location, and a monolithic integrated circuit (IC) comprising a circuit associated with said core cell and said plurality of sensor cells, said core cell configured to wirelessly communicate with respective core cells of adjacent monitoring devices; said detection circuit configured to detect the parameter and the respective sensor location based upon excitation by the reader device. 2. The monitoring device of claim 1 wherein said at least one single-tier sensor array comprises a flexible layer supporting said core cell and said plurality of sensor cells. 3. The monitoring device of claim 2 wherein said flexible layer comprises a cloth layer. 4. The monitoring device of claim 2 wherein said flexible layer comprises a plastic layer. 5. The monitoring device of claim 1 wherein said monolithic IC includes at least one of a resonance capacitor, a modulator, a rectifier circuit, a charge-pump circuit, a detection circuit, and a signal processing circuit. 6. The monitoring device of claim 5 wherein said at least one single-tier sensor array comprises a plurality of electrically conductive rails configured to be common to said plurality of sensor cells; and wherein said plurality of sensor cells includes active devices powered by said charge-pump circuit of said core cell via said plurality of electrically conductive rails. 7. The monitoring device of claim 1 wherein said plurality of sensor cells includes active devices powered via near-field coupling of each sensor cell with said core cell. 8. The monitoring device of claim 1 wherein said core cell includes an energy source. 9. The monitoring device of claim 8 wherein said energy source comprises at least one of a battery and a photovoltaic generator. 10. The monitoring device of claim 1 wherein said core cell comprises an electromagnetic field identifiable and excitable core cell. 11. The monitoring device of claim 1 wherein said plurality of sensor cells comprises identical sensor cells. 12. The monitoring device of claim 1 wherein said plurality of sensor cells comprises different sensor cells. 13. The monitoring device of claim 1 wherein the parameter comprises at least one of a geometrical parameter, a physical parameter, and a chemical parameter. 14. A monitoring device comprising: at least one sensor array comprising a core cell comprising a detection circuit, and a radio frequency (RF) tag antenna coupled thereto and configured to communicate with a reader device, and a plurality of sensor cells around said core cell and covering a monitoring area, each sensor cell configured to sense a parameter at a respective cell location, said detection circuit configured to detect the parameter and the respective sensor location, said core cell configured to wirelessly communicate with respective core cells of adjacent monitoring devices. 15. The monitoring device of claim 14 wherein said detection circuit is configured to detect the parameter and the respective sensor location based upon excitation by the reader device. 16. The monitoring device of claim 14 wherein said at least one sensor array comprises a flexible layer supporting said core cell and said plurality of sensor cells. 17. The monitoring device of claim 16 wherein said flexible layer comprises at least one of a plastic layer and a cloth layer. 18. The monitoring device of claim 14 wherein said plurality of sensor cells includes active devices powered via near-field coupling of each sensor cell with said core cell. 19. A monitoring array comprising: a plurality of monitoring devices, each monitoring device comprising at least one sensor array including a core cell comprising a detection circuit, and a radio frequency (RF) tag antenna coupled thereto and configured to communicate with a reader device, and a plurality of sensor cells around said core cell and covering a monitoring area, each sensor cell configured to sense a parameter at a respective cell location, said detection circuit configured to detect the parameter and the respective sensor location; said plurality of monitoring devices comprising at least one cluster of neighboring monitoring devices, each cluster comprising a control monitoring device, the core cells of other neighboring monitoring devices having a data storage, the RF tag antennas of the other neighboring monitoring devices configured to communicate with said RF tag antenna of said core cell of said control monitoring device; said RF tag antenna of said control monitoring device configured to read sensed data stored in said data storage of each of said neighboring monitoring devices of the at least one cluster. 20. The monitoring array of claim 19 wherein said detection circuit is configured to detect the parameter and the respective sensor location based upon excitation by the reader device. 21. The monitoring array of claim 19 wherein each monitoring device further comprises a flexible layer supporting said core cell and said plurality of sensor cells. 22. The monitoring array of claim 21 wherein said flexible layer comprises at least one of a plastic layer and a cloth layer. 23. A method of making a monitoring device comprising: forming at least one sensor array comprising a core cell comprising a detection circuit and a radio frequency (RF) tag antenna to communicate with a reader device, and a plurality of sensor cells around the core cell and covering a monitoring area, each sensor cell sensing a parameter at a respective cell location, the detection circuit detecting the parameter and the respective sensor location, the core cell to wirelessly communicate with respective core cells of adjacent monitoring devices. 24. The method of claim 23 wherein the detection circuit detects the parameter and the respective sensor location based upon excitation by the reader device. 25. The method of claim 23 further comprising forming a flexible layer supporting the core cell and the plurality of sensor cells. 26. The method of claim 25 wherein the flexible layer comprises at least one of a plastic layer and a cloth layer. 