A system and method for providing grid connected utility pole distributed solar power generation is disclosed. The system includes a utility pole, an inverter and one or more solar panels. Each of the one or more solar panels is mounted on the utility pole. The method includes receiving solar energy at the one or more solar panels. The one or more solar panels convert the solar energy to direct current (DC) electrical energy. Further, the method includes transmitting the DC electrical energy to the inverter, which is mounted on the utility pole. The inverter can be integrated with one or more solar panels to form an alternating current photovoltaic (AC PV) module. Furthermore, the method includes converting the DC electrical energy to alternating current (AC) electrical energy by the inverter and transmitting the AC electrical energy to a grid for power distribution.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A distributed solar power generation system comprising: a utility pole; at least one solar panel, the at least one solar panel mounted on the utility pole, wherein the at least one solar panel is configured to convert solar energy to direct current (DC) electrical energy; an inverter mounted on the utility pole, the inverter configured to convert the DC electrical energy converted at the at least one solar panel to alternating current (AC) electrical energy at the utility pole, wherein the inverter is grid-tied and the generated AC electrical energy is transmitted to a utility grid, wherein the inverter is configured as a shunt inverter injecting zero voltage in the grid; and a controlling circuit connected to the inverter and configured to: receive a control signal from a control station, the control station located remote to the inverter, and alter operations of the inverter based on the received control signal, wherein altering operations comprises altering at least one of: generation of reactive power, absorption of reactive power, generation of active power, and absorption of reactive power, wherein the controlling circuit is further configured to alter the operations of the invertor to inject harmonic current in the grid to control amplitude droop in grid current. 2. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1, wherein the at least one solar panel comprise photovoltaic material. 3. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1, wherein the at least one solar panel is supported by a mounting frame. 4. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1, wherein the inverter is supported by a mounting frame. 5. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1, wherein the controlling circuit is further configured to control flow of the DC electrical energy from the at least one solar panel to the inverter. 6. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1, further comprising: a monitoring system configured to monitor the performance of at least one of the at least one solar panel; and a control system configured to control the performance of at the least one solar panel. 7. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1, further comprising a communicator mounted on the utility pole, wherein the communicator comprises: a receiver, the receiver configured to receive the control signal from the control station; and a transmitter configured to transmit a response signal in response to the control signal. 8. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1, further comprising a communicator integrated within the inverter, wherein the communicator comprises: a receiver, the receiver configured to receive the control signal from the control station; and a transmitter configured to transmit a response signal in response to the control signal. 9. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 7, wherein the control signal is used to control performance of the solar power generation system. 10. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1, wherein the inverter is further configured to: produce nonlinear distributed reactive power for power factor correction based on the control signal; and produce nonlinear distributed reactive power to stabilize the AC grid voltage based on the control signal. 11. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1 further comprising a connector configured to: connect the inverter to the grid; and transmit AC electrical energy to the grid. 12. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1 wherein the generated AC electrical energy is selected from single phase and three phase. 13. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1, further comprising a movement tracker, the movement tracker configured to: provide rotation to the at least one solar panel up to 360 degrees about at least one axis of rotation; and provide lateral movement to the at least one solar panel with respect to the utility pole. 14. The distributed solar power generation system as recited in claim 1 further comprising a battery configured to store the DC electrical energy. 15. A distributed solar power generation system comprising: a utility pole; and an alternating current photovoltaic (AC PV) module, the AC PV module mounted on the utility pole, the AC PV module comprising: at least one solar panel, an integrated inverter, wherein the inverter is configured as a shunt inverter injecting zero voltage in the grid, and a controlling circuit connected to the inverter and configured to: receive a control signal from a control station, the control station located remote to the inverter, and alter operations of the inverter based on the received control signal, wherein altering operations comprises altering at least one of: generation of reactive power, absorption of reactive power, generation of active power, and absorption of reactive power, wherein the controlling circuit is further configured to alter the operations of the invertor to inject harmonic current in the grid to control amplitude droop in grid current; and wherein the AC PV module is configured to convert solar energy to alternating current (AC) electrical energy, and the AC PV module is grid-tied and the generated AC electrical energy is transmitted to a utility grid via the utility pole. 16. A distributed solar power flow controller comprising: an alternating current photovoltaic (AC PV) module, the AC PV module comprising: at least one solar panel; an integrated inverter, wherein the inverter is configured as a shunt inverter injecting zero voltage in the grid; and a controlling circuit connected to the inverter and configured to: receive a control signal from a control station, the control station located remote to the inverter, and alter operations of the inverter based on the received control signal wherein altering operations comprises altering at least one of: generation of reactive power, absorption of reactive power, generation of active power, and absorption of reactive power, wherein the controlling circuit is further configured to alter the operations of the invertor to inject harmonic current in the grid to control amplitude droop in grid current; and wherein the AC PV module is configured to convert solar energy to alternating current (AC) electrical energy. 17. The distributed solar power flow controller as recited in claim 16 further comprising a communicator integrated within the AC PV module, wherein the communicator comprises: a receiver, the receiver configured to receive the control signal from the control station; and a transmitter configured to transmit a response signal in response to the control signal. 18. The distributed solar power flow controller as recited in claim 16, wherein the AC PV module is further configured to: produce distributed nonlinear reactive power for power factor correction based on the control signal; and produce distributed nonlinear reactive power to stabilize the AC grid voltage based on the control signal. 19. A method for distributed solar power generation, the method comprising: receiving solar energy by at least one solar panel, wherein the at least one solar panel are mounted on a utility pole, and wherein the at least one solar panel converts the solar energy to direct current (DC) electrical energy; transmitting the DC electrical energy to an inverter, wherein the inverter is mounted on the utility pole, and wherein the inverter is configured as a shunt inverter injecting zero voltage in the grid; converting the DC electrical energy to alternating current (AC) electrical energy by the inverter; transmitting the AC electrical energy over a grid for power distribution via the utility pole; and altering operations of the inverter based on a control signal received from a control station located remote to the inverter wherein altering operations comprises altering at least one of: generation of reactive power, absorption of reactive power, generation of active power, and absorption of reactive power; wherein altering the operations of the inverter further comprises altering the operations of the invertor to inject harmonic current in the grid to control amplitude droop in grid current. 20. The method as recited in claim 19 wherein the utility pole is selected from an electricity pole, light pole, and or telephone pole. 21. The method as recited in claim 19 wherein the generated AC electrical energy is selected from single phase and three phase. 22. The method as recited in claim 19, further comprising monitoring the performance of at least one of the inverter and the at least one solar panel. 23. The method as recited in claim 19, further comprising controlling the performance of at least one of the inverter and the at least one solar panel. 24. The method as recited in claim 19, wherein altering operations of the inverter based on the control signal comprises: receiving a control signal from the control station; and transmitting a signal to the control station in response to the control signal. 25. The method as recited in claim 19, further comprising: producing distributed real active power for distribution over the grid based on the control signal; producing distributed reactive power for power factor correction based on the control signal; and producing nonlinear power to stabilize AC electrical energy losses by the grid based on the control signal. 26. The method as recited in claim 19 further comprising: providing rotation to the at least one solar panel up to 360 degrees about at least one axis of rotation; and providing lateral movement to the at least one solar panel with respect to the utility pole. 27. The method as recited in claim 26 further comprising tracking movement of the at least one solar panel. 28. A method for distributed solar power generation, the method comprising: receiving solar energy by at least one solar panel of an alternating current photovoltaic (AC PV) module, wherein the AC PV module is mounted on a utility pole and wherein the AC PV module converts the solar energy into alternating current (AC) electrical energy using an inverter, the inverter is configured as a shunt inverter injecting zero voltage in a grid; transmitting the AC electrical energy over a grid for power distribution via the utility pole; and altering operations of the inverter based on a control signal received from a control station located remote to the inverter, wherein altering operations comprises altering at least one of: generation of reactive power, absorption of reactive power, generation of active power, and absorption of reactive power; wherein altering the operations of the inverter further comprises altering the operations of the invertor to inject harmonic current in the grid to control amplitude droop in grid current. 29. The method as recited in claim 28, wherein the step of receiving solar energy further comprising: converting solar energy into DC electrical energy by the at least one solar panel; transmitting the DC electrical energy to the inverter, wherein the inverter is a part of the AC PV module and the inverter is attached to the at least one solar panel; and converting the DC electrical energy to alternating current (AC) electrical energy by the inverter. 