Provided are methods, circuits, and systems for obtaining power from a power generator such as a photovoltaic cell or a fuel cell. The methods, circuits, and systems comprise converting substantially DC output power from the power generator into a high frequency AC voltage while rejecting or minimizing oscillations in the output power from the power generator; converting the high frequency AC voltage into a high frequency substantially sinusoidal voltage or current; and converting the high frequency substantially sinusoidal AC voltage or current into (i) a DC voltage or current, and (ii) a low frequency substantially sinusoidal AC voltage or current; wherein the high frequency substantially sinusoidal AC voltage or current is isolated from the DC voltage or current or the low frequency substantially sinusoidal AC voltage or current.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A power converter for use with a power generator, comprising: a high side input point and a low side input point for receiving substantially DC power from the power generator; an input capacitor connected across the high side and low side input points; a first circuit that receives voltage across the capacitor and converts the voltage into a high frequency AC voltage while rejecting or minimizing oscillations in the received voltage; a second circuit that converts the high frequency AC voltage into a high frequency substantially sinusoidal AC voltage or current; a third circuit, including an energy storage component, that converts the high frequency substantially sinusoidal AC voltage or current from the second circuit into (i) a bus voltage comprising a low frequency substantially sinusoidal AC output voltage and a DC voltage; or (ii) a bus current comprising a low frequency substantially sinusoidal AC current and a DC current; and a fourth circuit that converts the bus voltage or the bus current into an AC current for delivery to a power distribution grid at a power distribution grid frequency; wherein the high frequency substantially sinusoidal AC voltage is isolated from the bus voltage, or the high frequency substantially sinusoidal AC current is isolated from the bus current. 2. The power converter of claim 1, wherein the first circuit comprises a chopper circuit. 3. The power converter of claim 2, wherein switches of the chopper circuit are controlled using pulse width modulation. 4. The power converter of claim 1, wherein the second circuit comprises a resonant circuit. 5. The power converter of claim 4, wherein the resonant circuit is a series resonant circuit. 6. The power converter of claim 1, wherein the fourth circuit comprises a rectifier and an inverter controlled using modified pulse width modulation. 7. The power converter of claim 1, wherein the power generator is a photovoltaic (PV) cell or a fuel cell. 8. The power converter of claim 1, wherein the power generator is at least one PV cell. 9. A micro-inverter for a distributed power generator, comprising: the power converter of claim 1; and a controller coupled to the power converter that controls operation of switches in the power converter. 10. The micro-inverter of claim 9, wherein the controller includes one or more of a modified pulse width modulator, a duty cycle controller, and a maximum power point tracker. 11. The micro-inverter of claim 9, wherein the duty cycle controller comprises a proportional integral-derivative compensator. 12. A power generation system, comprising: at least one micro-inverter of claim 9; and at least one power generator. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein each power generator is connected to a micro-inverter. 14. The system of claim 12, wherein the power generator is a photovoltaic (PV) cell or a fuel cell. 15. The system of claim 12, wherein the power generator is at least one PV cell. 16. The micro-inverter of claim 9 integrated into a PV cell or module. 17. The micro-inverter of claim 16, wherein the micro-inverter includes one or more feature selected from communication, inversion (DC to AC conversion), peak power tracking, and islanding. 18. The micro-inverter of claim 16, wherein integration of the micro-inverter with the PV cell or module includes packaging of the micro-inverter either substantially together or incorporated into the module packaging, or in a manner that substantially unifies the micro-inverter with the module packaging. 19. The micro-inverter of claim 18, wherein the PV cell or module packaging is pre-existing or is designed to accommodate the micro-inverter. 20. The micro-inverter of claim 17, wherein an inversion portion of the micro-inverter is of a design selected from current source, voltage source, and resonant, and may include single or multiple power stages. 21. The power converter of claim 1, wherein a value of the energy storage component is minimized so as to maintain the bus voltage greater than the power distribution grid voltage, or so as to maintain the bus current greater than the current delivered to the power distribution grid. 22. The power converter of claim 1, wherein the energy storage component comprises capacitance. 23. The power converter of claim 22, wherein the capacitance is minimized so as to maintain the bus voltage greater than the power distribution grid voltage. 24. The micro-inverter of claim 9, wherein the controller compares the voltage across the input capacitor with a reference voltage and minimizes voltage fluctuations across the input capacitor. 25. The micro-inverter of claim 10, wherein the modified pulse width modulator regulates AC current for delivery to a power distribution grid at a power distribution grid frequency based on an active compensation factor. 26. A method for obtaining power from a power generator, comprising: converting substantially DC output power from the power generator into a high frequency AC voltage while rejecting or minimizing oscillations in the output power from the power generator; converting the high frequency AC voltage into a high frequency substantially sinusoidal AC voltage or current; converting the high frequency substantially sinusoidal AC voltage or current into (i) a bus voltage comprising a low frequency substantially sinusoidal AC voltage and a DC voltage; or (ii) a bus current comprising a low frequency substantially sinusoidal AC current and a DC current; and converting the bus voltage or the bus current into an AC current for delivery to a power distribution grid at a power distribution grid frequency; wherein the high frequency substantially sinusoidal AC voltage is isolated from the bus voltage, or the high frequency substantially sinusoidal AC current is isolated from the bus current. 27. The method of claim 26, comprising using a chopper to convert output power from the power generator into a high frequency AC voltage. 28. The method of claim 27, comprising using pulse width modulation to control one or more switches of the chopper circuit. 29. The method of claim 28, including comparing the output voltage of the power generator with a reference voltage so as to minimize voltage fluctuations of the power generator. 30. The method of claim 26, comprising using a resonant circuit to convert the high frequency AC voltage into a high frequency substantially sinusoidal AC voltage or current. 31. The method of claim 30, comprising using a series resonant circuit. 32. The method of claim 26, wherein the power generator is a photovoltaic cell or a fuel cell. 33. The method of claim 26, wherein the power generator is at least one PV cell. 34. The method of claim 26, including: converting the high frequency substantially sinusoidal AC voltage or current into the bus voltage or the bus current using an energy storage component; wherein a value of the energy storage component is minimized so as to maintain the bus voltage greater than a power distribution grid voltage, or so as to maintain the bus current greater than the current delivered to the power distribution grid. 35. The method of claim 34, comprising minimizing capacitance of the energy storage component. 36. The method of claim 26, comprising using modified pulse width modulation to regulate the DC voltage of the bus voltage or the DC current of the bus current based on an active compensation factor. 