Apparatus for coupling generated power to an output load. The apparatus comprises a first mounting rail, adapted for electrically coupling a power element to the output load. The first mounting rail comprises a frame defining a cavity; an insulative material disposed within at least a portion of the cavity; and a first at least two conductors, encapsulated within the insulative material, adapted for coupling power from the power element to the output load.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A system for coupling generated power to an output load, comprising: a first mounting rail that structurally supports a photovoltaic module, wherein the photovoltaic module provides input power to a power element, for electrically coupling the power element to the output load, comprising: a frame defining a cavity; a plurality of conductors, disposed in the cavity, for coupling power from the power element to the output load; and an insulative material that substantially fills the cavity to encapsulate the plurality of conductors; wherein the frame comprises at least one mechanical connector for mounting the power element such that at least one power pin of the power element is aligned for piercing the insulative material and making electrical contact with the plurality of conductors. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of conductors comprises at least one pair of elongated bus bars extending a length of the frame. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein bus bars in each pair of elongated bus bars are spaced apart from one another such that a corresponding power pin of the at least one power pin makes electrical contact with the bus bars after piercing the insulative material. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein each mechanical connector of the at least one mechanical connector is substantially U-shaped. 5. The system of claim 2, wherein the power element generates AC power and each pair of elongated bus bars either carries a phase of the AC power or forms a neutral line. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the power element generates DC power and the plurality of conductors couple the DC power to the output load. 7. The system of claim 1, further comprising the power element. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the power element is an inverter. 9. The system of claim 5, wherein the power element generates single-phase AC power. 10. The system of claim 3, further comprising a sealant for sealing the at least one power pin with the insulative material when the power element is coupled to the first mounting rail. 11. The system of claim 7, further comprising a coupling mechanism adapted for mechanically coupling a second mounting rail to the first mounting rail such that a second plurality of conductors within the second mounting rail are electrically coupled to the first plurality of conductors within the first mounting rail. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the insulative material is a substantially resilient polymer having limited moisture absorption properties. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the power element is a DC junction box, a DC/DC converter, or a DC/AC inverter. 14. A method for creating a mounting rail for coupling generated power to an output load, comprising: maintaining each conductor of a plurality of conductors in a spaced apart position within a cavity of a frame of the mounting rail, wherein the plurality of conductors are adapted for coupling output power from a power element to the output load, and wherein the mounting rail structurally supports a photovoltaic module that provides input power to the power element; and substantially filling the cavity with an insulative material such that the insulative material encapsulates the plurality of conductors; wherein the frame comprises at least one mechanical connector for mounting the power element such that at least one power pin of the power element is aligned for piercing the insulative material and making electrical contact with the plurality of conductors. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the plurality of conductors comprises at least one pair of elongated bus bars extending a length of the frame. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein each mechanical connector of the at least one mechanical connector is substantially U-shaped. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein the power element is an inverter. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein the insulative material is a substantially resilient polymer having limited moisture absorption properties. 19. The method of claim 14, wherein the plurality of conductors are maintained in the spaced apart position from one another by at least one stabilizing bracket. 20. The method of claim 14, wherein the insulative material is substantially liquid during the filling process and hardens to insulate and maintain spacing of the plurality of conductors. 