A multi sensor detection and disabling lock system includes detector cases for holding interchangeable detectors that sample for chemical, biological and radiological compounds, agents and elements, with each detector case disposed in or upon the monitored product whereupon light alarm indicators (color coded) on the detector case light up when a specific compound or agent is detected whereupon the detector case transmits detection information to a monitoring computer terminal and transmits a signal to a lock disabler engaged to the product to lock or disable the product's lock thereby preventing untrained, unauthorized and unequipped individual's from gaining access and entry to the product, and also preventing further contamination of the area. An authorized individual resets the detection system, and the system's power source is electrical, battery or computer generated. In addition, the detection system can be interconnected to surveillance towers scanning detector cases disposed at seaport docks, freight depots and rail terminals for monitoring containers being prepared for shipment or sitting on docks for long periods of time.
Claims I claim: 1. A stall-to-stop .[.and lock disabling.]. .Iadd.or vehicle slow-down .Iaddend.system for slowing and stopping a vehicle .[.and locking passengers inside the vehicle.]. wherein the vehicle includes a transceiver .Iadd.carried by the vehicle.Iaddend., .Iadd.and .Iaddend.a stall-to-stop .Iadd.or vehicle slow-down .Iaddend.system .[.and a lock disabling system.]. that are interconnected to the electromotive system .[.and the locking mechanism.]. of the vehicle, comprising: monitoring equipment located at a determinate monitoring site .Iadd.that is remote from the vehicle and that is free from contact with the vehicle.Iaddend.; at least one cell phone tower interconnected to the monitoring equipment for sending signals thereto and receiving signals therefrom; at least one .[.GPS.]. satellite capable of sending signals to the monitoring equipment and receiving signals from the monitoring equipment; .[.the GPS.]. .Iadd.wherein the at least one .Iaddend.satellite .Iadd.or the at least one cell phone tower is .Iaddend.capable of .[.two-way.]. signal communication with the transceiver on the vehicle; and whereupon a distress signal .Iadd.made due to unauthorized use of the vehicle or an uncontrollable vehicle in use .Iaddend.sent by a .Iadd.mobile, .Iaddend.portable.Iadd., or fixed .Iaddend.communication device to the cell phone tower .Iadd.or satellite .Iaddend.causes a signal to be sent to the monitoring equipment which then communicates .[.with the GPS satellite so that the GPS satellite can locate and communicate.]. with the transceiver on the vehicle regarding specifics of the distress event parameters so that the monitoring equipment .[.and.]. .Iadd.can send a signal to .Iaddend.the cell phone tower .[.can exchange signals.]. .Iadd.or satellite .Iaddend.whereby the cell phone tower .Iadd.or satellite .Iaddend.transmits to the transceiver so that the transceiver can execute commands that actuate the stall-to-stop .Iadd.or vehicle slow-down .Iaddend.system .[.and the lock disabling system for stopping the vehicle and locking the vehicle so that anyone inside the vehicle remains in the vehicle.]..Iadd., wherein the communication device is remote from both the vehicle and the monitoring site and is free from contact with both the vehicle and the monitoring site.Iaddend.. 2. The stall-to-stop .[.and lock disabling.]. .Iadd.or vehicle slow-down .Iaddend.system of claim 1 wherein the .[.portable.]. .Iadd.mobile .Iaddend.communication device is a cell phone.Iadd., a smart phone or handheld for the activating or deactivating of the stall-to-stop system; capable of locking or unlocking the vehicle doors and/or starting the vehicle.Iaddend.. 3. The stall-to-stop .[.and lock disabling.]. .Iadd.or vehicle slow-down .Iaddend.system of claim .[.2.]. .Iadd.1 .Iaddend.wherein the portable communication device is a laptop computer. 4. The stall-to-stop .[.and lock disabling.]. .Iadd.or vehicle slow-down .Iaddend.system of claim .[.3.]. .Iadd.1 .Iaddend.wherein the vehicle is an .[.airplane.]. .Iadd.automobile.Iaddend.. 5. The stall-to-stop .[.and lock disabling.]. .Iadd.or vehicle slow-down .Iaddend.system of claim .[.4.]. .Iadd.1 .Iaddend.wherein the vehicle is a railway train .Iadd.or airplane.Iaddend.. 6. The stall-to-stop .[.and lock disabling.]. .Iadd.or vehicle slow-down .Iaddend.system of claim .[.5.]. .Iadd.1 .Iaddend.wherein the vehicle is a ship. 7. A stall-to-stop and lock disabling system for slowing and stopping a vehicle and locking passengers inside the vehicle wherein the vehicle includes a transceiver .Iadd.carried by the vehicle.Iaddend., a stall-to-stop system and a lock disabling system that are interconnected to the electromotive system and the locking mechanism of the vehicle, comprising: monitoring equipment located at a determinate monitoring site .Iadd.that is remote from the vehicle and that is free from contact with the vehicle.Iaddend.; at least one .[.GPS.]. satellite .Iadd.or at least one cell phone tower .Iaddend.capable of sending and receiving signals to and from the monitoring equipment and the transceiver of the vehicle.[.;.]. .Iadd.such that the .Iaddend. .[.the GPS.]. .Iadd.at least one .Iaddend.satellite .Iadd.or at least one cell phone tower .Iaddend.capable of two-way signal communication with the transceiver of the vehicle; and whereupon a distress signal .Iadd.made due to unauthorized use of the vehicle .Iaddend.sent from a .Iadd.mobile, .Iaddend.portable.Iadd., or fixed .Iaddend.telecommunication device to .[.the GPS.]. .Iadd.a cell phone tower or a .Iaddend.satellite causes a signal to be sent to the monitoring equipment .[.followed by the GPS satellite locating and communicating with the transceiver of the vehicle.]. for exchanging information on the problem situation, location, and speed of the vehicle resulting in the monitoring equipment transmitting a signal to .[.the GPS.]. .Iadd.a cell phone tower or a .Iaddend.satellite .[.and the GPS satellite.]. .Iadd.for .Iaddend.communicating with the transceiver of the vehicle for executing commands that actuate the stall-to-stop system and the lock disabling system for stopping the vehicle and locking the vehicle so that anyone inside the vehicle must remain inside the vehicle .Iadd.or locking the vehicle ignition to prevent the restarting of the vehicle;.Iaddend. .Iadd.wherein the telecommunication device is remote from both the vehicle and the monitoring site and is free from contact with both the vehicle and the monitoring site.Iaddend.. 8. The stall-to-stop and lock disabling system of claim 7 wherein the .[.portable.]. .Iadd.mobile .Iaddend.communication device is a cell phone.Iadd., a smart phone or handheld for the activating or deactivating of the stall-to-stop system; capable of locking or unlocking the vehicle doors and/or starting the vehicle.Iaddend.. 9. The stall-to-stop and lock disabling system of claim .[.8.]. .Iadd.7 .Iaddend.wherein the portable communication device is a laptop computer. 10. The stall-to-stop and lock disabling system of claim .[.9.]. .Iadd.7 .Iaddend.wherein the .[.portable.]. .Iadd.fixed .Iaddend.communication device is a .[.desktop PC.]. .Iadd.telephone.Iaddend.. .Iadd.11. A vehicle adapted for receipt of a signal from a remote location to control the vehicle's stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means, comprising: at least one of a brake, a foot peddle, a radar, a camera, a navigational system, a light, a speed control, an ignition system, a steering wheel, a transmission, a fuel system, and a motor; an electrical system in electrical communication with at least one of the brake, the foot peddle, the radar, the camera, the navigational system, the light, the speed control, the ignition system, the steering wheel, the transmission, the fuel system, and the motor; a computer system in signal transmission communication with at least one of the brake, the foot peddle, the radar, the camera, the navigational system, the light, the speed control, the ignition system, the steering wheel, the transmission, the fuel system, and the motor; a receiver in electrical communication with the electrical system and adapted to receive at least one control signal from a remote location to activate a stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means to stall or slow down the vehicle; a receiver in computer communication with the computer system and adapted to receive at least one control signal from a remote location to activate a stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means to stall or slow down the vehicle; and wherein the at least one control signal is communicated from the receiver to the electrical system or the computer system to control at least one of the brake, the foot peddle, the light, the speed control, the ignition system, the steering wheel, the transmission, the fuel system, and the motor; wherein the at least one control signal is sent due to unauthorized use of the vehicle, and wherein an originating first signal that eventually causes the at least one control signal to be sent is generated upon initial verification of the unauthorized use of the vehicle; at least one mobile, portable, or fixed device capable of sending the at least one control signal from the remote location that is of electromagnet pulse, electrostatic discharge, microwave beam or radio frequency, to disable the computer, electrical, fuel and air systems of the vehicle or a combination of the computer, electrical, fuel and air systems that include but are not limited to the brakes, foot peddle, lights, speed controls, ignition, steering, transmission, and horsepower of the motor. .Iaddend. .Iadd.12. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 11, further including a global positioning system (GPS) receiver adapted for communication with at least one satellite. .Iaddend. .Iadd.13. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 11 wherein the stall-to-stop and slowdown means can be activated by an authorized individual which includes but is not limited to the owner, pilot, conductor, captain, police, highway patrol, security guard, port security and military personnel to the monitoring equipment from a fixed, portable or mobile communication device for activating the system. .Iaddend. .Iadd.14. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 11 wherein a communication device; that of a cell phone, smart phone or handheld; capable of sending signals to the vehicle's operating equipment systems of at least one of, but not limited to, an ignition for starting and stopping, a lock for unlocking and locking, a horn for sounding; capable of receiving data and diagnostic information of the vehicle's operating equipment systems. .Iaddend. .Iadd.15. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 11 wherein the disabling and slowdown means activation engages the computer, electrical, fuel, and/or air systems of the vehicle or a combination of the computer, electrical, fuel and air systems that include but are not limited to vehicle brakes, foot peddle, lights, speed controls, ignition, steering, transmission, and the horsepower of the motor. .Iaddend. .Iadd.16. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 11 wherein the system can be adapted, modified or designed to include: an open bust or open platform for integrating any new and innovative technology that includes but is not limited to; warning lights indicators; sound alarm indicators; voice alarm indicators; a vehicle's electrical, mechanical or computer system for locking and unlocking of doors, windows, sun-roofs, trunks or hoods; applications for unlocking or locking a vehicle using a smart phone, cell phone or PDA. .Iaddend. .Iadd.17. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 11 wherein the disabling and slowdown means reduces the speed of the vehicle to an idle speed and eventually stops the vehicle or to an advanced reduced stall and an immediate stop when the vehicle is in forward movement, backward or reverse movement, side movement, cruise control movement, or lane departure movement. .Iaddend. .Iadd.18. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 11 wherein the disabling and slowdown means both have a flexible sequence of signals that includes a warning signal of flashing the vehicle lights or the locking of the doors can happened before or after the signal to stall-to-stop or signal to slowdown the vehicle is sent..Iaddend. .Iadd.19. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 11 wherein the disabling and slowdown means both have the ability to slowdown or stall the vehicle naturally and without any action on the brakes, door locks, or steering wheel, and both have the ability to slowdown or stall the vehicle through unnatural means where there may be action on the brakes, door locks, and steering for navigation to a safe stop. .Iaddend. .Iadd.20. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 11 wherein the disabling and slowdown means including the devices that is monitoring, communication devices, communication equipment can be grouped into anti-terrorist product groupings based on the categories of similarities of design, of at least one of; sensors, software, interfaces, detector cases, locks, mobile communication devices, handheld communication devices, vehicle slowing and stopping devices, specification, development and implementation; similarities in material composition of at least one of: steel, stainless steel, composites, brass, copper, aluminum, fiber, silicon, plastic, combining of materials parts or elements to form a whole; similarities in security problems of at least one of; theft, detection for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive compounds and agents, detection for weapons of mass destruction, biometrics for identifying terrorist, scanning to identify a terrorist threat; grouping security devices to form a network of ubiquitous sensing and detecting. .Iaddend. .Iadd.21. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 11 wherein the disabling and slowdown means is designed to be used with or without biometrics for authentication and identification, thereby allowing access to the product by authorized, trained and equipped individuals and preventing access to the products by unauthorized, untrained, and unequipped individuals..Iaddend. .Iadd.22. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 11, wherein a communication link is present of at least one of a WiFi connection, a Broadband connection, an Internet connection, a Cellular connection, a Radio Frequency (RF) connection, a Bluetooth connection, and a Satellite connection, capable of signal communication thereto and therefrom monitoring equipment and a central processing unit (CPU) or a transceiver on the vehicle. .Iaddend. .Iadd.23. A vehicle adapted for receipt of a signal from a pre-programmed automated system to control the vehicles' stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means, comprising: at least one of a brake, a foot peddle, a radar, a camera, a navigational system, a light, a speed control, an ignition system, a steering wheel, a transmission, a fuel system, and a motor; an electrical system in electrical communication with at least one of the brake, the foot peddle, the radar, the camera, the navigational system, the light, the speed control, the ignition system, the steering wheel, the transmission, the fuel system, and the motor; a computer system in signal transmission communication with at least one of the brake, the foot peddle, the radar, the camera, the navigational system, the light, the speed control, the ignition system, the steering wheel, the transmission, the fuel system, and the motor; a receiver in electrical communication with the electrical system and adapted to receive at least one control signal from a pre-programmed automated system to activate a stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means to stall or slow down the vehicle; a receiver in computer communication with the computer system and adapted to receive at least one control signal from a pre-programmed automated system to activate a stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means to stall or slow down the vehicle; and wherein the at least one control signal is communicated from the receiver to the electrical system or the computer system to control at least one of the brake, the foot peddle, the radar, the navigational system, the light, the speed control, the ignition system, the steering wheel, the transmission, the fuel system, and the motor; wherein the receivers, the computer system, and the electrical system are part of at least one pre-programmed operating system of unintended acceleration, pre-crash, reverse acceleration, stabilization, lane departure, cruise control, driverless vehicle, and chemical biological radiological nuclear explosive (CBRNE) detection; wherein the control signal to activate the stall-to-stop or vehicle slowdown is not remote from the vehicle and the signal to activate is initiated when at least one of the vehicle's operating systems for monitoring the vehicle's condition exceeds a pre-programmed vehicle operating system parameter. .Iaddend. .Iadd.24. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 23, further including a global positioning system (GPS) receiver adapted for communication with at least one satellite. .Iaddend. .Iadd.25. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 23, pre-programmed automated system further including a cellular communication device adapted for communication with at least one cell phone tower; further including, at least one satellite connection capable of communicating with the pre-programmed automated system; further including, at least one modem connection for short and long range radio frequency transmissions with the pre-programmed automated system. .Iaddend. .Iadd.26. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 23, where-in the at least one control signal is sent to the pre-programmed automated system for bringing a vehicle experiencing unintended acceleration to a slowdown, idle or stop. .Iaddend. .Iadd.27. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 23, further includes vehicles pre-programmed to automatically activate the stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means when sensors of at least one of; navigation, camera, radar, guidance, motion, distance, weight, height are interconnected to the vehicles onboard electrical system and/or computer system for controlling at least one of a brake, a brake override system, an electronic throttle, a foot peddle, a light, a speed control, an ignition system, a steering wheel, a transmission, a fuel system, and a motor. .Iaddend. .Iadd.28. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 23, further includes vehicles pre-programmed to automatically activate the stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means; when the vehicle is electric, a car, truck, ship, boat, train, or plane. .Iaddend. .Iadd.29. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 23, further includes vehicles pre-programmed to automatically activate the stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means; when it is determined an emergency exist for the vehicle, driver, passenger(s), pedestrians or surrounding environment. .Iaddend. .Iadd.30. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 23, further includes vehicles pre-programmed to automatically activate the stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means; when there is an in-vehicle notification warning of: crash, vehicle parking, speeding; driving too fast for conditions; construction zone; school zone; accident ahead; brake failure; acceleration/deceleration failure; acceleration/deceleration cruise control. .Iaddend. .Iadd.31. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 23, further includes vehicles pre-programmed to automatically activate the stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means; when the vehicle is in forward movement, backward or reverse movement, side movement, cruise control movement, or lane departure movement or when the vehicle moves outside a designated perimeter or zone. .Iaddend. .Iadd.32. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 23, further includes vehicles pre-programmed to automatically activate the stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means; when there is a detection of a bomb, weapon of mass destruction, chemical or biological agents, located in, on, or adjacent to a vehicle. .Iaddend. .Iadd.33. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 23, pre-programmed automated system is designed to be used with or without biometrics for authentication and identification, thereby allowing access to the vehicle by authorized, trained and equipped individuals and preventing access to the vehicle by unauthorized, untrained, and unequipped individuals. .Iaddend. .Iadd.34. The stall-to-stop disabling and slowdown system of claim 23 wherein the pre-programmed automated system can be grouped into anti-terrorist product groupings based on the categories of similarities of design, of at least one of; sensors, software, interfaces, detector cases, locks, mobile communication devices, handheld communication devices, vehicle slowing and stopping devices, specification, development and implementation; similarities in material composition of at least one of: steel, stainless steel, composites, brass, copper, aluminum, fiber, silicon, plastic, combining of materials parts or elements to form a whole; similarities in security problems of at least one of; theft, detection for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive compounds and agents, detection for weapons of mass destruction, biometrics for identifying terrorist, scanning to identify a terrorist threat; grouping security devices to form a network of ubiquitous sensing and detecting..Iaddend. .Iadd.35. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 23, wherein a communication link is present of at least one of a WiFi connection, a Broadband connection, an Internet connection, a Cellular connection, a Radio Frequency (RF) connection, a Bluetooth connection, and a Satellite connection, capable of signal communication thereto and therefrom monitoring equipment and a central processing unit (CPU) or a transceiver on the vehicle. .Iaddend. .Iadd.36. Multi sensor detection, stall-to-stop, lock disabling system wherein the security systems can be grouped into anti-terrorist product groupings based on the categories of similarities of design of at least one of; sensors, software, interfaces, detector cases, locks, mobile communication devices, handheld communication devices, vehicle slowing and stopping devices, specification, development and implementation: similarities in material composition of at least one of; steel, stainless steel, composites, brass, copper, aluminum, fiber, silicon, plastic, combining of materials parts or elements to form a whole: similarities in security problems of at least one of; theft, detection for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive compounds and agents, detection for weapons of mass destruction, biometrics for identifying terrorist, scanning to identify a terrorist threat, grouping security devices to form a network of ubiquitous sensing and detecting; comprising: a multi sensor detection system with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, human, contraband; camera, light and video sensors allow the user to access, review and respond to network multi sensor detection systems and view the environment from a cell phone, PDA, handheld, laptop, desktop, workstation or monitoring site; a built-in, embedded multi sensor detection system for monitoring products with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, human, contraband; camera, light and video sensors allow the user to access, review and respond to network multi sensor detection systems and view the environment from a cell phone, PDA, handheld, laptop, desktop, workstation or monitoring site; sensors for motion, locks, perimeter, temperature, tampering and breach for the prevention of terrorist activity and theft; a cell phone; cell phone detection system with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, contraband; camera, light and video sensors allow the user to access, review and respond to network cell phone detection systems and view the environment from a cell phone, PDA, handheld, laptop, desktop, workstation or monitoring site; a stall-to-stop system with a stall to stop means and/or slowdown to idle means interconnected to a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors for speed, navigation, brakes, electrical, computer, air, fuel, motion, locks; camera, light and video sensors allow the user to access, review and respond to network stall-to-stop systems and view the environment from a cell phone, PDA, handheld, laptop, desktop, workstation or monitoring site; an external automatic/mechanical lock disabler system with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, contraband, perimeter, motion, tampering, temperature, breach; camera, light and video sensors allow the user to access, review and respond to network automatic/mechanical lock disabler systems and view the environment from a cell phone, PDA, handheld, laptop, desktop, workstation or monitoring site; capable of receiving and sending at least one signal of lock/unlock; wired or wireless; battery, solar or electrical; monitoring equipment and devices; communication equipment and devices; and/or biometrics to prevent entry or exit of unauthorized or untrained persons, thus locking any unauthorized or untrained persons, thief or terrorist inside any of the products listed in any of the product groupings categories; and an internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler system with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, contraband, human, perimeter, motion, tampering, temperature, breach; camera, light and video sensors allow the user to access, review and respond to network internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler systems and view the environment from a cell phone, PDA, handheld, laptop, desktop, workstation or monitoring site; capable of receiving and sending at least one signal of lock/unlock; wired or wireless; battery, solar or electrical; monitoring equipment and devices; communication equipment and devices; and/or biometrics to prevent entry or exit of unauthorized or untrained persons, thus locking any unauthorized or untrained persons, thief or terrorist inside any of the products listed in any of the product groupings categories. .Iaddend. .Iadd.37. The internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 36 is interconnected to the multi sensor detection system..Iaddend. .Iadd.38. The internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 36 is interconnected to the built-in multi sensor detection system. .Iaddend. .Iadd.39. The internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 36 is interconnected to the cell phone; cell phone detection system. .Iaddend. .Iadd.40. The internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 36 is interconnected to the stall-to-stop system. .Iaddend. .Iadd.41. The internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 36 is interconnected to the external automatic/mechanical lock disabler system. .Iaddend. .Iadd.42. At least two of the security systems of claim 36; the multi sensor detection system; the built-in, embedded multi sensor detection system; the cell phone detection system; the stall-to-stop system; the external automatic/mechanical lock disabler system; the internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler system; the communication equipment, means and devices; the monitoring equipment, means and devices are operating independent of each other or interconnected with each other; capable of communicating therebetween; operating under at least one network and under at least one central control center. .Iaddend. .Iadd.43. Multi sensor detection, stall-to-stop, lock disabling system of claim 36, wherein a communication link is present of at least one of a WiFi connection, a Broadband connection, an Internet connection, a Cellular connection, a Radio Frequency (RF) connection, a Bluetooth connection, and a Satellite connection, capable of signal communication thereto and therefrom the monitoring equipment and a central processing unit (CPU) or a transceiver on the vehicle. .Iaddend. .Iadd.44. A vehicles' stall-to-stop system or vehicle slowdown system in signal communication with a pre-programmed automated system is adapted, modified, or designed to control the vehicles' stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means, comprising: an electrical system in electrical communication with at least one of a brake, a foot peddle, a radar, a camera, a navigational system, a light, a speed control, an ignition system, a steering wheel, a transmission, a fuel system, and a motor; a computer system in signal transmission communication with at least one of the brake, the foot peddle, the radar, the camera, the navigational system, the light, the speed control, the ignition system, the steering wheel, the transmission, the fuel system, and the motor; a receiver in electrical communication with the electrical system and adapted to receive at least one control signal from a pre-programmed automated system to activate a stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means; a receiver in computer communication with the computer system and adapted to receive at least one control signal in response to one of the vehicle's operating systems for monitoring the vehicle's condition upon exceeding a pre-programmed vehicle operating system parameter from the pre-programmed automated system to activate a stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means such that the speed of the vehicle is initially decreased immediately after activation of the means upon initial receipt of the at least one control signal; and wherein the at least one control signal is communicated from the receiver to the electrical system or the computer system to control at least one of the brake, the foot peddle, the radar, the navigational system, the light, the speed control, the ignition system, the steering wheel, the transmission, the fuel system, and the motor. .Iaddend. .Iadd.45. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 44, further can be adapted, modified or designed to include a global positioning system (GPS) receiver adapted for communication with at least one satellite. .Iaddend. .Iadd.46. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 44, further can be adapted, modified or designed to include a cellular communication device adapted for communication with at least one cell phone tower; further including, at least one satellite connection capable of communicating with the pre-programmed automated system; further including, at least one modem connection for short and long range radio frequency transmissions to and from the pre-programmed automated system. .Iaddend. .Iadd.47. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 44, further can be adapted, modified or designed to include a vehicle system designed to perform as a brake override system for stopping or slowing a vehicle experiencing unintended acceleration. .Iaddend. .Iadd.48. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 44, further can be adapted, modified or designed to include a vehicle system designed to perform as a pre-crash system for stopping or slowing a vehicle to prevent a crash. .Iaddend. .Iadd.49. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 44, further can be adapted, modified or designed to include a vehicle system designed to perform as a reverse acceleration slow-down system for stopping or slowing a vehicle traveling in reverse. .Iaddend. .Iadd.50. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 44, further can be adapted, modified or designed to include a vehicle system designed to perform as a stabilization system for stopping or slowing a vehicle to prevent a vehicle turnover. .Iaddend. .Iadd.51. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 44, further can be adapted, modified or designed to include a vehicle system designed to perform as a lane departure system for stopping or slowing a vehicle to prevent or minimize accidents when the vehicle begins to move out of its lane..Iaddend. .Iadd.52. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 44, further can be adapted, modified or designed to include a vehicle system designed to perform as a remote vehicle slowdown system for stopping or slowing a vehicle by remote means. .Iaddend. .Iadd.53. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 44, further can be adapted, modified or designed to include a vehicle system designed to perform as an adjusted cruise control system for stopping or slowing a vehicle to prevent a crash. .Iaddend. .Iadd.54. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 44, further can be adapted, modified or designed to include a vehicle system designed to perform as a door lock and unlocking system for stopping or slowing the vehicle and locking a terrorist, thief, or user trying to elude the law inside the vehicle. .Iaddend. .Iadd.55. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 44, further can be adapted, modified or designed to include a vehicle designed to perform as a driverless or autonomous vehicle for stopping or slowing a vehicle that is in operation with or without a user, driver or operator inside the vehicle. .Iaddend. .Iadd.56. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 44, further can be adapted, modified or designed to include a vehicle system designed to perform as a chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear and explosives detection system for stopping or slowing a vehicle when a harmful, hazardous, or dangerous compound or agent is detected..Iaddend. .Iadd.57. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 44, wherein a communication link is present of at least one of a WiFi connection, a Broadband connection, an Internet connection, a Cellular connection, a Radio Frequency (RF) connection, a Bluetooth connection, and a Satellite connection, capable of signal communication thereto and therefrom monitoring equipment and a central processing unit (CPU) or a transceiver on the vehicle. .Iaddend. .Iadd.58. A stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system for slowing and stopping a vehicle wherein the vehicle includes a transceiver carried by the vehicle, and a stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system that are interconnected to the electromotive system of the vehicle, comprising: at least one cell phone tower that sends a signal to the vehicle; at least one satellite that sends a signal to the vehicle and receives a signal from the vehicle; wherein the at least one satellite or the at least one cell phone tower is capable of signal communication with the transceiver on the vehicle; and a communication device that is a cell phone, a smart phone, or a PDA that causes the signal to be sent from the cell phone tower to the vehicle that actuates the stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system due to unauthorized use of the vehicle, wherein the communication device is remote from the vehicle and free from contact with the vehicle. .Iaddend. .Iadd.59. The stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system of claim 58 wherein the at least one satellite or the at least one cell phone tower is capable of signal communication with the transceiver on the vehicle that is two-way signal communication. .Iaddend. .Iadd.60. The stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system of claim 58 wherein the communication device is a cell phone or a laptop computer. .Iaddend. .Iadd.61. The stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system of claim 58, further including a global positioning system (GPS) receiver adapted for communication with at least one satellite..Iaddend. .Iadd.62. The stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system of claim 58, wherein a communication link is present of at least one of a WiFi connection, a Broadband connection, an Internet connection, a Cellular connection, a Radio Frequency (RF) connection, a Bluetooth connection, and a Satellite connection, capable of signal communication thereto and therefrom the monitoring equipment and a central processing unit (CPU) or the transceiver on the vehicle..Iaddend. .Iadd.63. A stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system for slowing and stopping a vehicle wherein the vehicle includes a transceiver carried by the vehicle, and a stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system that are interconnected to the electromotive system of the vehicle, comprising: monitoring equipment located at a determinate monitoring site that is remote from the vehicle and that is free from contact with the vehicle; at least one cell phone tower interconnected to the monitoring equipment for sending signals thereto and receiving signals therefrom; at least one satellite capable of sending signals to the monitoring equipment and receiving signals from the monitoring equipment; wherein the at least one satellite or the at least one cell phone tower is capable of signal communication with the transceiver or communication device on the vehicle; and whereupon a distress signal made due to unauthorized use of the vehicle or an uncontrollable vehicle in use sent by a mobile, portable, or fixed communication device to the cell phone tower or satellite causes a signal to be sent to the monitoring equipment which then communicates with the transceiver on the vehicle regarding specifics of the distress event parameters so that the monitoring equipment can send a signal to the cell phone tower or satellite whereby the cell phone tower or satellite transmits to the transceiver so that the transceiver can execute commands that actuate the stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system, wherein the communication device is remote the vehicle and is free from contact with the vehicle..Iaddend. .Iadd.64. The stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system of claim 63 further including a global positioning system (GPS) receiver adapted for communication with at least one satellite. .Iaddend. .Iadd.65. The stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system of claim 63 wherein the at least one satellite or the at least one cell phone tower is capable of signal communication with the transceiver on the vehicle that is two-way signal communication. .Iaddend. .Iadd.66. The stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system of claim 63 wherein the specifics of the distress event parameters is the location of the vehicle. .Iaddend. .Iadd.67. The stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system of claim 63 wherein the distress signal is made by an owner of the vehicle. .Iaddend. .Iadd.68. The stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system of claim 63 wherein the distress signal is made by police. .Iaddend. .Iadd.69. The stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system of claim 63 wherein the monitoring equipment communicates automatically with the transceiver upon receipt of the signal caused by the distress signal. .Iaddend. .Iadd.70. The stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system of claim 63 wherein the distress signal is a signal that gives the location of the vehicle. .Iaddend. .Iadd.71. The stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system of claim 63 wherein the distress signal is a signal that gives information on the identity of the user of the vehicle..Iaddend. .Iadd.72. The stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down system of claim 63, wherein a communication link is present of at least one of a WiFi connection, a Broadband connection, an Internet connection, a Cellular connection, a Radio Frequency (RF) connection, a Bluetooth connection, and a Satellite connection, capable of signal communication thereto and therefrom the monitoring equipment and a central processing unit (CPU) or the transceiver on the vehicle. .Iaddend. .Iadd.73. A stall-to-stop and lock disabling system for slowing and stopping a vehicle and locking passengers inside the vehicle wherein the vehicle includes a transceiver carried by the vehicle, a stall-to-stop system and a lock disabling system that are interconnected to the electromotive system and the locking mechanism of the vehicle, comprising: monitoring equipment located at a determinate monitoring site that is remote from the vehicle and that is free from contact with the vehicle; at least one satellite or at least one cell phone tower capable of sending and receiving signals to and from the monitoring equipment and the transceiver of the vehicle such that the at least one satellite or at least one cell phone tower capable of two-way signal communication with the transceiver of the vehicle; and whereupon a distress signal made due to unauthorized use of the vehicle sent from a mobile, portable, or fixed communication device to a cell phone tower or a satellite causes a signal to be sent to the monitoring equipment for exchanging information on the problem situation, location, and speed of the vehicle resulting in the monitoring equipment transmitting a signal to a cell phone tower or a satellite for communicating with the transceiver of the vehicle for executing commands that actuate the stall-to-stop system and the lock disabling system for stopping the vehicle and locking the vehicle so that anyone inside the vehicle must remain inside the vehicle or locking the vehicle ignition to prevent the restarting of the vehicle; wherein the communication device is remote from the vehicle and is free from contact with the vehicle..Iaddend. .Iadd.74. The stall-to-stop or vehicle slow-down and lock disabling system of claim 73, further including a global positioning system (GPS) receiver adapted for communication with at least one satellite. .Iaddend. .Iadd.75. The stall-to-stop and lock disabling system of claim 73, wherein a communication link is present of at least one of a WiFi connection, a Broadband connection, an Internet connection, a Cellular connection, a Radio Frequency (RF) connection, a Bluetooth connection, and a Satellite connection, capable of signal communication thereto and therefrom the monitoring equipment and a central processing unit (CPU) or transceiver on the vehicle. .Iaddend. 