A multi sensor detection and disabling lock system includes detector cases for holding interchangeable detectors that sample for chemical, biological and radiological compounds, agents and elements, with each detector case disposed in or upon the monitored product whereupon light alarm indicators (color coded) on the detector case light up when a specific compound or agent is detected whereupon the detector case transmits detection information to a monitoring computer terminal and transmits a signal to a lock disabler engaged to the product to lock or disable the product's lock thereby preventing untrained, unauthorized and unequipped individual's from gaining access and entry to the product, and also preventing further contamination of the area. An authorized individual resets the detection system, and the system's power source is electrical, battery or computer generated. In addition, the detection system can be interconnected to surveillance towers scanning detector cases disposed at seaport docks, freight depots and rail terminals for monitoring containers being prepared for shipment or sitting on docks for long periods of time.
Claims I claim: .[.1. A stall-to-stop and lock disabling system for slowing and stopping a vehicle and locking passengers inside the vehicle wherein the vehicle includes a transceiver, a stall-to-stop system and a lock disabling system that are interconnected to the electromotive system and the locking mechanism of the vehicle, comprising: monitoring equipment located at a determinate monitoring site; at least one cell phone tower interconnected to the monitoring equipment for sending signals thereto and receiving signals therefrom; at least one GPS satellite capable of sending signals to the monitoring equipment and receiving signals from the monitoring equipment; the GPS satellite capable of two-way signal communication with the transceiver on the vehicle; and whereupon a distress signal sent by a portable communication device to the cell phone tower causes a signal to be sent to the monitoring equipment which then communicates with the GPS satellite so that the GPS satellite can locate and communicate with the transceiver on the vehicle regarding specifics of the distress event parameters so that the monitoring equipment and the cell phone tower can exchange signals whereby the cell phone tower transmits to the transceiver so that the transceiver can execute commands that actuate the stall-to-stop system and the lock disabling system for stopping the vehicle and locking the vehicle so that anyone inside the vehicle remains in the vehicle..]. .[.2. The stall-to-stop and lock disabling system of claim 1 wherein the portable communication device is a cell phone..]. .[.3. The stall-to-stop and lock disabling system of claim 2 wherein the portable communication device is a laptop computer..]. .[.4. The stall-to-stop and lock disabling system of claim 3 wherein the vehicle is an airplane..]. .[.5. The stall-to-stop and lock disabling system of claim 4 wherein the vehicle is a railway train..]. .[.6. The stall-to-stop and lock disabling system of claim 5 wherein the vehicle is a ship..]. .[.7. A stall-to-stop and lock disabling system for slowing and stopping a vehicle and locking passengers inside the vehicle wherein the vehicle includes a transceiver, a stall-to-stop system and a lock disabling system that are interconnected to the electromotive system and the locking mechanism of the vehicle, comprising: monitoring equipment located at a determinate monitoring site; at least one GPS satellite capable of sending and receiving signals to and from the monitoring equipment and the transceiver of the vehicle; the GPS satellite capable of two-way signal communication with the transceiver of the vehicle; and whereupon a distress signal sent from a portable telecommunication device to the GPS satellite causes a signal to be sent to the monitoring equipment followed by the GPS satellite locating and communicating with the transceiver of the vehicle for exchanging information on the problem situation, location, and speed of the vehicle resulting in the monitoring equipment transmitting a signal to the GPS satellite and the GPS satellite communicating with the transceiver of the vehicle for executing commands that actuate the stall-to-stop system and the lock disabling system for stopping the vehicle and locking the vehicle so that anyone inside the vehicle must remain inside the vehicle..]. .[.8. The stall-to-stop and lock disabling system of claim 7 wherein the portable communication device is a cell phone..]. .[.9. The stall-to-stop and lock disabling system of claim 8 wherein the portable communication device is a laptop computer..]. .[.10. The stall-to-stop and lock disabling system of claim 9 wherein the portable communication device is a desktop PC..]. .Iadd.11. A communication device of at least one of a cell phone, a smart phone, a desktop, a handheld, a PDA, a laptop, or a computer terminal at a monitoring site for monitoring products, interconnected to a product for communication therebetween, comprising: at least one of a central processing unit (CPU) for executing and carrying out the instructions of a computer program, a network processor which is specifically targeted at the networking application domain, or a front end processor for communication between a host computer and other devices; a transmitter for transmitting signals and messages to at least one of plurality product groups based on the categories of a multi-sensor detection device, a maritime cargo container, a cell phone detection device, a locking device, a device for stalling and stopping a vehicle, or a building monitoring device; a receiver for receiving signals, data or messages from at least one of plurality product groups based on the categories of a multi-sensor detection device, a maritime cargo container, a cell phone detection device, a locking device, a device for stalling and stopping a vehicle, or a building monitoring device; at least one satellite connection, Bluetooth connection, WiFi connection, internet connection, radio frequency (RF) connection, cellular connection, broadband connection, long and short range radio frequency (RF) connection, or GPS connection; the communication device is at least a fixed, portable or mobile communication device interconnected to a fixed, portable or mobile product, capable of wired or wireless communication therebetween; and whereupon the communication device, is interconnected to a product equipped to receive signals from or send signals to lock or unlock doors, stall, stop, or slowdown vehicles, activate or deactivate security systems, activate or deactivate multi-sensor detection systems, or to activate or deactivate cell phone detection systems, wherein the communication device receives a signal via any of one or more products listed in any of the plurality of product grouping categories; wherein at least one satellite connection, Bluetooth connection, WiFi connection, internet connection, radio frequency (RF) connection, cellular connection, broadband connection, long and short range radio frequency (RF) connection is capable of signal communication with the transmitter and the receiver of the communication device and transceivers of the products. .Iaddend. .Iadd.12. The communication device of claim 11 wherein each communication device includes at least one of an internet connection, a GPS connection, a radio frequency (RF) connection, or a central processing unit (cpu). .Iaddend. .Iadd.13. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device monitor includes standard keypad functions and more specialized system use functions that are ring tone, email, photos, and texting; and viewing screens. .Iaddend. .Iadd.14. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device includes telecommunication, telematics, long and short range radio frequency communication means that are interactive with any type of motive vehicle that includes, but is not limited to cars, trucks, vans, SUVs, trains, subways, boats, ships, UAVs, UGVs, and airplanes. .Iaddend. .Iadd.15. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device capable of sending signals to the vehicle's operating equipment systems of at least one of, but not limited to, an ignition for starting and stopping, a lock for unlocking and locking, a horn for sounding; capable of receiving data and diagnostic information of the vehicle's operating equipment systems. .Iaddend. .Iadd.16. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device can be adapted or incorporated with cell phone towers and satellites for use with satellite communication and/or a cell tower, wi-fi, wi-max, broadband, GPS, navigation, radio frequency (RF) chips, radio frequency (RF) sensors, radio frequency (RF) transceivers, and radio frequencies for short and long range transmissions interconnected to the central processing unit (cpu). .Iaddend. .Iadd.17. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device has monitoring equipment to include but not to be limited to computers, laptops, notebooks, PC's, and cell phones for the receipt and transmission of signals therebetween. .Iaddend. .Iadd.18. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device having a basic monitoring terminal can be adapted and incorporated to include desktop computers, notebook, PC's, laptops, cell phones, smart phones, LCD monitors, and satellite monitoring. .Iaddend. .Iadd.19. The communication device of claim 11 wherein communication device can be modified and adapted for inclusion with cell phone cases, satellite cell phone cases, laptop cases, notebook PC cases, PDA cases, carry-on cases, suitcases and briefcases. .Iaddend. .Iadd.20. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device can be interconnected through wire or wireless for communication, signals, commands and transmission of data. .Iaddend. .Iadd.21. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device includes a power connection that is interconnected to the central processing unit (cpu) and power source can be battery, electrical, or solar. .Iaddend. .Iadd.22. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device is designed to be equipped with applications for the locking, disabling a lock, enabling a lock, and unlocking the locks of, but not limited to, containers, vehicles, houses and businesses, using a smart phone, cell phone, PDA, laptop or desktop. .Iaddend. .Iadd.23. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device is designed to be equipped with a radio frequency (RF) chip for the locking, disabling a lock, enabling a lock, and unlocking the locks of, but not limited to, containers, vehicles, houses and businesses, capable of a two-way, bi-directional radio frequency (RF) communication link that makes the communication device work as a radio frequency (RF) sensor or a radio frequency (RF) transceiver. .Iaddend. .Iadd.24. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device is designed as readers for barcodes will allow a reader to scan a barcode of a product or object and get more information about it; wherein the product or object is connected to the internet by means of, but not limited to, the communication device scanning of barcodes, radio frequency (RF) sensors, and sensors. .Iaddend. .Iadd.25. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device has at least one of a Bluetooth connection, a Wi-Fi connection, a short and long range radio frequency connection, a Cellular connection, a satellite connection, and a GPS connection. .Iaddend. .Iadd.26. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device has a plurality of sensors for detecting the chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive and contraband agents and compounds which is capable of being disposed within each communication device. .Iaddend. .Iadd.27. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device has a plurality of indicator lights with each indicator light corresponding to one chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear explosive and contraband agent or compound which is capable of being disposed within the communication device and lighting up upon detection of that specific agent or compound for providing visual confirmation of the detection. .Iaddend. .Iadd.28. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device can send and receive signals, send and receive warnings, send and receive commands, send and receive data, information and report the status of the sensors and operational equipment systems to and from a cell phone, smart phone, PDA or handheld device. .Iaddend. .Iadd.29. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device has a display or LCD screen for visualization of the status of the sensors and other data reporting information. .Iaddend. .Iadd.30. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device is designed to be used with or without biometrics for authentication and identification, with at least one of a fingerprint recognition, voice recognition, face recognition, hand geometry, retina scan, iris scan, heart rate, pulse or signature, thereby allowing access to the product by authorized, trained, and equipped individuals and preventing access to the product by unauthorized, untrained, and unequipped individuals. .Iaddend. .Iadd.31. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device is designed to be used as a standalone detection system for the detection of bombs that have been surgically implanted by using at least one of the human vitals sensors of; a heart sensor, a nerve sensor, a perspiration sensor, an inflammation sensor, a pulse sensor, a blood pressure sensor, a temperature sensor, a breath sensor, or a radiation sensor. .Iaddend. .Iadd.32. The communication device of claim 11 wherein the communication device having products to be monitored, the devices that are monitoring, communication devices, communication equipment can be grouped into anti-terrorist product groupings based on the categories of similarities of design of at least one of; sensors, software, interfaces, detector cases, locks, mobile communication devices, handheld communication devices, vehicle slowing and stopping devices, specification, development and implementation; similarities in material composition of at least one of: steel, stainless steel, composites, brass, copper, aluminum, fiber, silicon, plastic, combining of materials parts or elements to form a whole; similarities in security problems of at least one of; theft, detection for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive compounds and agents, detection for weapons of mass destruction, biometrics for identifying terrorist, scanning to identify a terrorist threat; grouping security devices to form a network of ubiquitous sensing and detecting. .Iaddend. .Iadd.33. An internal or external automatic/mechanical lock disabler system for monitoring products and for detecting at least one, explosive, nuclear, contraband, human, chemical, biological, and radiological agents or compounds, comprising: at least one communication device of a cell phone, a cell phone detector case, a smart phone, a handheld, a PDA, a laptop, a physical interface, or a computer terminal at a monitoring site; at least one interchangeable sensor that is a perimeter sensor, tampering sensor, intrusion sensor, motion sensor, infrared sensor, light and camera sensor that is interconnected to the at least one communication device for communication therebetween; wherein the at least one interchangeable sensor is interconnected to at least one internal or external automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device; at least one satellite connection, internet connection, GPS connection, or power connection disposed within the at least one communication device at the monitoring site; at least one satellite connection, internet connection, GPS connection, or power connection disposed within the at least one internal or external automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device; the internal or external automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device which is mounted, embedded, affixed, or attached to a product for receiving transmission from the communication device to lock, unlock or disable the lock on the product and to send and receive messages or signals to and from the internal or external automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device, wherein the internal or external automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device engages the lock on the product; and whereupon detection of a specific explosive, nuclear, human, contraband, chemical, biological, human or radiological agents or compounds by the sensors causes a signal to be sent to the at least one communication device at the monitoring site or another detection device, followed by communicating with the cpu of the internal or external automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device. .Iaddend. .Iadd.34. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device is designed to lock, or disable the lock of the product thus preventing further contamination and denying access to the product by unauthorized, untrained, and unequipped individuals. .Iaddend. .Iadd.35. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device is designed to unlock or enable the lock of the product thus allowing access to the product by authorized, trained, and equipped individuals. .Iaddend. .Iadd.36. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device is designed for outside and/or inside of the products listed in the product grouping. .Iaddend. .Iadd.37. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device is designed as one combined unit of lock and detection device for outside and/or inside of the products listed in the product grouping. .Iaddend. .Iadd.38. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device is designed as separate units of lock and detection device; interconnected through wire or wireless for communication, signals, commands and transmission of data. .Iaddend. .Iadd.39. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device has a power connection which is interconnected to the central processing unit (cpu) and includes a power source of battery, electrical or solar. .Iaddend. .Iadd.40. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device is designed to be used with or without biometrics for authentication and identification, thereby allowing access to the product by authorized, trained and equipped individuals and preventing access to the product by unauthorized, untrained, and equipped individuals. .Iaddend. .Iadd.41. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device includes at least one of; a Blue tooth connection, a Wi-Fi connection, a short and long range radio frequency connection, an Internet connection, a Cellular connection, a Satellite connection, all of which are capable of being interconnected to a central processing unit (cpu) of the communication device. .Iaddend. .Iadd.42. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device includes a plurality of sensors for detecting the chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive and contraband agents and compounds to include sensors for detecting humans, motion, temperature, shock and tampering which is capable of being disposed within the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device. .Iaddend. .Iadd.43. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device has a plurality of indicator lights with each indicator light corresponding to the detection of at least one chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, and contraband agent or compound to include indicator lights corresponding to detecting humans, motion, temperature, shock and tampering which is capable of being disposed within the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device and lighting up upon detection of that specific agent or compound for providing visual confirmation of the detection. .Iaddend. .Iadd.44. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device can send and receive signals, send and receive warnings, send and receive commands, send and receive data, information and report the status of the sensors and operational equipment systems to a cell phone, smart phone, PDA or handheld device. .Iaddend. .Iadd.45. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the communication device, that of a cell phone, smart phone or handheld; is capable of sending signals to the vehicle's operating equipment systems of at least one of, but not limited to, an ignition for starting and stopping, a lock for unlocking and locking, a horn for sounding; and is capable of receiving data and diagnostic information of the vehicle's operating equipment systems. .Iaddend. .Iadd.46. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device is designed to be equipped with applications for the locking, disabling a lock, enabling a lock, and unlocking the locks of, but not limited to, containers, vehicles, houses and businesses, using a smart phone, cell phone, PDA, laptop or desktop. .Iaddend. .Iadd.47. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device is designed to be equipped with a radio frequency (RF) chip for the locking, disabling a lock, enabling a lock, and unlocking the locks of, but not limited to, containers, vehicles, houses and businesses, capable of a two-way, bi-directional radio frequency (RF) communication link that makes the cell phone, smart phone or PDA, and the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device work as a radio frequency (RF) sensors or a radio frequency (RF) transceiver. .Iaddend. .Iadd.48. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the cell phone, smart phone, handheld or PDA is designed as readers for barcodes; therewith allowing the reader to scan a barcode of the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device to get more information; wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device is connected to the internet by means of, but not limited to, the cell phone, smart phone, handheld or PDA for scanning of barcodes, radio frequency (RF) sensors, and sensors. .Iaddend. .Iadd.49. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device is capable of receiving signals and messages from at least one of a cell phone, smart phone, handheld, PDA, laptop, or desktop; and includes a display or LCD screen for visualization of the status of the sensors and other data reporting information associated with the functions of the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device. .Iaddend. .Iadd.50. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device can be used with cars, trains, airplanes, ships and any of the products listed in the product groupings. .Iaddend. .Iadd.51. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device can operate in two modes: a standard operating mode of locking and unlocking where the detection system is not activated, or the security operating mode of locking and unlocking is handled by an authorized person using any of the communication devices and methods listed in the product groupings, with the detection system activated and all the features of the detection system is activated, if needed, to include but not limited to the sensors, GPS, warning light indicators, communication devices and methods. .Iaddend. .Iadd.52. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device can operate with designated perimeters sensors or ranges sensors and if the lock moves outside the perimeter, the lock automatically goes to the security operating mode of locking and/or unlocking with the detection system activated and all the features of the detection system is activated, if needed, to include but not limited to the sensors, GPS, warning light indicators, communication devices and methods. .Iaddend. .Iadd.53. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device wherein the products to be monitored, the devices that is monitoring, communication devices, communication equipment can be grouped into anti-terrorist product groupings based on the categories of similarities of design of at least one of; sensors, software, interfaces, detector cases, locks, mobile communication devices, handheld communication devices, vehicle slowing and stopping devices, specification, development and implementation: similarities in material composition of at least one of; steel, stainless steel, composites, brass, copper, aluminum, fiber, silicon, plastic, combining of materials parts or elements to form a whole: similarities in security problems of at least one of; theft, detection for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive compounds and agents, detection for weapons of mass destruction, biometrics for identifying terrorist, scanning to identify a terrorist threat; grouping security devices to form a network of ubiquitous sensing and detecting. .Iaddend. .Iadd.54. The lock disabler system of claim 33 wherein the products to be monitored, the devices that is monitoring, communication devices, communication equipment can be grouped into anti-terrorist product groupings based on the categories of similarities of design of at least one of; sensors, software, interfaces, detector cases, locks, mobile communication devices, handheld communication devices, vehicle slowing and stopping devices, specification, development and implementation: similarities in material composition of at least one of; steel, stainless steel, composites, brass, copper, aluminum, fiber, silicon, plastic, combining of materials parts or elements to form a whole: similarities in security problems of at least one of; theft, detection for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive compounds and agents, detection for weapons of mass destruction, biometrics for identifying terrorist, scanning to identify a terrorist threat; grouping security devices to form a network of ubiquitous sensing and detecting. .Iaddend. .Iadd.55. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 33 wherein each communication device includes at least one of an internet connection, a GPS connection, a radio frequency (RF) connection, or a central processing unit (cpu). .Iaddend. .Iadd.56. A maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system for monitoring products and for detecting at least one explosive, nuclear, contraband, chemical, human, biological, or radiological agents so that terrorist activity can be prevented, comprising: a plurality of sensors for detecting the at least one chemical, biological, radiological, explosive, nuclear, human or contraband agents and capable of being disposed within a multi-sensor detection device; monitoring equipment located at a determinate site that is remote from the maritime cargo container and not in contact with the maritime cargo container, to include, but is not limited to at least one of computers, laptops, notebooks, PCs, handhelds, readers, cell phones, PDAs or smart phones for the receipt and transmission of signals therebetween; at least one cell phone tower interconnected to the monitoring equipment for sending signals thereto and receiving signals therefrom; at least one satellite capable of transmitting signals to the monitoring equipment and receiving signals from the monitoring equipment; at least one satellite or at least one cell phone tower capable of signal communication with the maritime cargo container multi sensor detection device; at least one modem for short and/or long range radio frequency communication with the maritime cargo container multi sensor detection device; at least one interface for establishing a remote, global communications and tracking network that works with the maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection device; at least one internet connection capable of communication between the maritime cargo container multi sensor detection device and the monitoring equipment; whereupon a signal sent from a maritime cargo container multi sensor detection device to a satellite; or to a cell phone tower; or through short and/or long range radio frequency; causes a signal to be sent to the monitoring equipment that includes the transmitting of location data and sensor data. .Iaddend. .Iadd.57. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 56, further includes a global positioning system (GPS) receiver adapted for communication with at least one satellite. .Iaddend. .Iadd.58. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 56, capable of forming a wired or wireless sensor network. .Iaddend. .Iadd.59. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 56, capable of forming a mesh network for redundancy. .Iaddend. .Iadd.60. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 56, capable of transmitting identification data, location data, power source data, and sensor data. .Iaddend. .Iadd.61. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 56, wherein the power source is electrical, battery, solar, or a combination thereof. .Iaddend. .Iadd.62. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 56, capable of being embedded into; placed in, on, or adjacent to a product or area targeted for monitoring. .Iaddend. .Iadd.63. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 56, capable of sending signals thereto and receiving signals therefrom to lock, disable a lock, enable a lock, or unlock a lock that is interconnected to the multi sensor detection device and monitoring equipment. .Iaddend. .Iadd.64. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 56, capable of transmitting biometric and authentication data include, but is not limited to, fingerprint recognition, voice recognition, face recognition, hand geometry, retina scan, iris scan, heart rate, pulse and signature. .Iaddend. .Iadd.65. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 56, interconnected with a camera to view the environment in real-time or to store the data for transmission and review at a later time. .Iaddend. .Iadd.66. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 56, interconnected with a camera; light and video sensors to allow the user to view the environment from a cell phone, smart phone, PDA, handheld, laptop, desktop, workstation or monitoring site. .Iaddend. .Iadd.67. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 56, wherein the maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection device is capable of receiving signals and messages from, and sending signals and information to, at least one of; a remote lock, a remote communication device, a vehicle and another multi-sensor detection device. .Iaddend. .Iadd.68. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 56, wherein the maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection device is capable of communicating through a physical interface. .Iaddend. .Iadd.69. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 68, wherein the physical interface is capable of a unique ID number with authentication; timing/location signal; sensor status; battery condition, stored sensor messages, and can alert a remote monitor. .Iaddend. .Iadd.70. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 68, wherein the physical interface is capable of monitoring and allowing transmission and propagation of containers while stacked, either afloat or ashore. .Iaddend. .Iadd.71. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 68, wherein the physical interface is capable of having interfaces with environmental and security sensors and is able to interrogate and pass data from the sensors. .Iaddend. .Iadd.72. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 68, wherein the physical interface is capable of capable of communicating a security alert globally through the use of radio frequency, cellular and satellite technology. .Iaddend. .Iadd.73. The maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system of claim 68, wherein the physical interface is capable of sending signals and messages to; receiving signals and messages from; at least one of a cell phone, a smart phone, a PDA, a handheld, a laptop, a desktop, a workstation or monitoring site. .Iaddend. .Iadd.74. A built-in, embedded multi sensor detection system for monitoring products with a plurality of sensors detecting at least one chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, human, contraband agent; comprising at least one built-in embedded sensor for detecting at least one of the following: motion, perimeter, temperature, tampering, breach, and theft; comprising a built-in embedded sensor array or fixed detection device into the product that detects an agent that includes at least one of a chemical agent, a biological agent, a nuclear agent, an explosive agent, a human agent, contraband, or a radiological agent; and wherein, when an alarm occurs, the built-in, embedded multi sensor detection system communicates the alarm by way of at least one of, product-to-product, product-to-satellite, product-to-cellular, product-to-long or short range radio frequency, product-to-radio frequency (RF), product-to-internet, product-to-broadband, product-to-smartphone or cell phone, product-to-monitoring site or central controlling station, product-to-WiFi or WiMax, product-to-authorized persons, product-to-handheld, or product-to-laptop or desktop. .Iaddend. .Iadd.75. The built-in, embedded multi sensor detection system of claim 74 wherein the product is at least one of a maritime composite cargo container; truck tractor trailer; trailer; air composite cargo container; cargo container; and air cargo container. .Iaddend. .Iadd.76. The built-in, embedded multi sensor detection system of claim 74 wherein the product is at least one of a mini storage building; warehouse; newspaper vending machine. .Iaddend. .Iadd.77. The built-in, embedded multi sensor detection system of claim 74 wherein the product is at least one of a car, truck, bus, camper, train, ship, vessel, boat, plane, unmanned aerial vehicle, unmanned sea vehicle, unmanned ground vehicle. .Iaddend. .Iadd.78. The built-in, embedded multi sensor detection system of claim 74 wherein the product includes at least one of a built-in, embedded internet component, a global positioning (GPS) component, a navigation component, a tracking component, a cellular component, a satellite component, a short and long range radio frequency component, radio frequency (RF) sensor, radio frequency (RF) transceiver, Wi-Fi, antenna, Bluetooth, or interface/gateway component. .Iaddend. .Iadd.79. The built-in, embedded multi sensor detection system of claim 74 wherein the product includes at least one of a built-in, embedded wireless and/or wired communication connection capable of sending signals and messages to a product; receiving signals and messages from a product; interconnected to at least one of a cell phone, a smart phone, a PDA, a handheld, a laptop, a desktop, a workstation, monitoring site or another product comprises a built-in, embedded wireless and/or wired communication connection. .Iaddend. .Iadd.80. The built-in, embedded multi sensor detection system of claim 74 wherein the product includes at least one of a built-in, embedded detector case, sensor array, central processing unit (CPU), power source of fuel, electric, solar or battery, automatic/mechanical internal or external lock disabler, remote internal or external lock disabler, biometric reader, camera, light, video, or interface. .Iaddend. .Iadd.81. A multi-sensor detection system for monitoring products and for detecting at least one explosive, nuclear, contraband, chemical, biological, human, or radiological agents and compounds, comprising: a plurality of sensors for detecting at least one chemical, biological, radiological, explosive, nuclear, human or contraband agents and compounds and capable of being disposed within a multi sensor detection device; monitoring equipment located at a determinate site, comprising at least one of plurality product groups based on the categories of a computer, laptop, notebook, PC, handheld, reader, cell phone, PDA or smart phone for the receipt and transmission of signals therebetween; at least one cell phone tower interconnected to the monitoring equipment for sending signals thereto and receiving signals therefrom; at least one satellite capable of transmitting signals to the monitoring equipment and receiving signals from the monitoring equipment; at least one satellite or at least one cell phone tower capable of two-way signal communication between the multi sensor detection device and the monitoring equipment; at least one modem for short and/or long range radio frequency communication with the monitoring equipment; and at least one internet connection capable of communication between the multi sensor detection device and the monitoring equipment; whereupon a signal sent from the multi sensor detection device to a satellite; or to a cell phone tower; or through short and/or long range radio frequency; causes a signal to be sent to the monitoring equipment that includes location data and sensor data; wherein the communication device receives a signal via any of one or more products listed in any of the plurality of product grouping categories; wherein at least one satellite connection, Bluetooth connection, WiFi connection, internet connection, radio frequency (RF) connection, cellular connection, broadband connection, long and short range radio frequency (RF) connection is capable of signal communication with the transmitter and the receiver of the communication device and transceivers of the products. .Iaddend. .Iadd.82. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 81, wherein the detection system is a multi-sensor embedded or built-in system designed for, but not limited to, at least one of a manned aerial vehicle, an unmanned aerial vehicle, a manned water vehicle, an unmanned water vehicle, a manned ground vehicle, an unmanned ground vehicle, unmanned aerial systems, or a driverless vehicle. .Iaddend. .Iadd.83. The multi-sensor embedded or built-in detection system of claim 82, further comprising an electrical system in electrical communication with at least one of a brake, a foot peddle, a radar, a camera, a navigational system, a light, a speed control, an ignition system, a steering wheel, an air control system, a transmission, a fuel system, or a motor. .Iaddend. .Iadd.84. The multi-sensor embedded or built-in detection system of claim 82, further comprising a computer system in signal transmission communication with at least one of a brake, a foot peddle, a radar, a camera, a navigational system, a light, a speed control, an ignition system, a steering wheel, an air control system, a transmission, a fuel system, or a motor. .Iaddend. .Iadd.85. The multi-sensor embedded or built-in detection system of claim 82, further comprising a receiver in electrical communication with the electrical system and adapted to receive at least one control signal from a remote location to activate the multi-sensor embedded or built-in detection system. .Iaddend. .Iadd.86. The multi-sensor embedded or built-in detection system of claim 82, further comprising a receiver in computer communication with the computer system and adapted to receive at least one control signal from a remote location to activate the multi-sensor embedded or built-in detection system. .Iaddend. .Iadd.87. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 81, wherein the detection system is a portable, affixed or mobile multi-sensor detector case designed for, but not limited to, at least one of a manned aerial vehicle, an unmanned aerial vehicle, a manned water vehicle, an unmanned water vehicle, a manned ground vehicle, an unmanned ground vehicle, unmanned aerial systems, or a driverless vehicle. .Iaddend. .Iadd.88. The portable, affixed or mobile multi-sensor detection system of claim 87, further comprising an electrical system in electrical communication with at least one of a brake, a foot peddle, a radar, a camera, a navigational system, a light, a speed control, an ignition system, an air control system, a steering wheel, a transmission, a fuel system, or a motor. .Iaddend. .Iadd.89. The portable, affixed or mobile multi-sensor detection system of claim 87, further comprising a computer system in signal transmission communication with at least one of a brake, a foot peddle, a radar, a camera, a navigational system, a light, a speed control, an ignition system, an air control system, a steering wheel, a transmission, a fuel system, or a motor. .Iaddend. .Iadd.90. The portable, affixed or mobile multi-sensor detection system of claim 87, further comprising a receiver in electrical communication with an electrical system and adapted to receive at least one control signal from a remote location to activate the portable, affixed or mobile multi-sensor detection case. .Iaddend. .Iadd.91. The portable, affixed or mobile multi-sensor detection system of claim 87, further comprising a receiver in computer communication with a computer system and adapted to receive at least one control signal from a remote location to activate the portable, affixed or mobile multi-sensor detection case. .Iaddend. .Iadd.92. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 81, further comprising a global positioning system (GPS) receiver adapted for communication with at least one satellite. .Iaddend. .Iadd.93. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 81, wherein the multi sensor detection device is capable of forming a wired or wireless sensor network. .Iaddend. .Iadd.94. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 81, wherein the multi sensor detection device is capable of forming a mesh network for redundancy. .Iaddend. .Iadd.95. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 81, wherein the multi sensor detection device is capable of transmitting identification data, location data, speed data, environment data, power data, and sensor data. .Iaddend. .Iadd.96. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 81, wherein the multi sensor detection device is has a power source that is electrical, battery, solar, fuel, air, or a combination thereof. .Iaddend. .Iadd.97. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 81, wherein the multi sensor detection device is capable of being embedded into; placed in, on, or adjacent to a product or area targeted for monitoring. .Iaddend. .Iadd.98. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 81, wherein the multi sensor detection device is capable of sending signals thereto and receiving signals therefrom to lock, disable a lock, enable a lock, or unlock a lock that is interconnected to the multi sensor detection device, communication devices and monitoring equipment. .Iaddend. .Iadd.99. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 81, wherein the multi sensor detection device is capable of transmitting biometric and authentication data including, but is not limited to, fingerprint recognition, voice recognition, face recognition, hand geometry, retina scan, iris scan, heart rate, pulse and signature. .Iaddend. .Iadd.100. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 81, wherein the multi sensor detection device is interconnected with a camera or radar to view the environment in real-time or to store the data for transmission and review at a later time. .Iaddend. .Iadd.101. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 81, wherein the multi sensor detection device is interconnected with a camera; light and video sensors to allow the user to view the environment. .Iaddend. .Iadd.102. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 81, wherein the multi sensor detection device is interconnected with a camera; light and video sensors to allow the user to view the environment from a cell phone, smart phone, PDA, handheld, laptop, desktop, workstation or monitoring site. .Iaddend. .Iadd.103. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 81, wherein the multi sensor detector device is a multi-sensor embedded or built-in device designed for, but not limited to, at least one of a cell phone, a smart phone, a PDA, a handheld, a cell phone detector case, a smart phone detector case, a PDA case, a handheld case or another communication device. .Iaddend. .Iadd.104. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein each cell phone detector case includes an internet connection, a GPS connection, a radio frequency (RF) connection, a recharging cradle or seat, a front side, a top, a bottom, a pair of opposed sides and a central processing unit (cpu). .Iaddend. .Iadd.105. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone; the smart phone; and the cell phone detector case includes standard keypad functions and more specialized system use ring tone, email, photos, and texting functions as well as viewing screens. .Iaddend. .Iadd.106. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case includes telecommunication, telematics, long and short range radio frequency communication means that are interactive with any type of motive vehicle comprising a car, truck, van, SUV, train, subway, boat, ship, UAV, UGV, or airplane. .Iaddend. .Iadd.107. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case are capable of sending signals to a vehicle's operating equipment systems comprising at least one of an ignition for starting and stopping, a lock for unlocking and locking, a horn for sounding; and are capable of receiving data and diagnostic information of the vehicle's operating equipment systems. .Iaddend. .Iadd.108. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case can be adapted or incorporated with cell phone towers and satellites for use with at least one of satellite communication, a cell tower, wi-fi, wi-max, broadband, GPS, navigation, radio frequency (RF) chips, radio frequency (RF) sensors, radio frequency (RF) transceivers, and radio frequencies for short and long range transmissions interconnected to a central processing unit (cpu). .Iaddend. .Iadd.109. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case have monitoring equipment comprising a computer, laptop, notebook, PC, and a cell phone for the receipt and transmission of signals therebetween. .Iaddend. .Iadd.110. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case have a basic monitoring terminal that can be adapted and incorporated to include desktop computers, notebook, PC's, laptops, cell phones, smart phones, LCD monitors, and satellite monitoring. .Iaddend. .Iadd.111. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone detector case can be modified and adapted for inclusion with cell phone cases, satellite cell phone cases, laptop cases, notebook PC cases, PDA cases, carry-on cases, suitcases and briefcases. .Iaddend. .Iadd.112. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case can be interconnected through wire or wireless communication for communication, signals, commands and transmission of data. .Iaddend. .Iadd.113. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case includes a power connection that is interconnected to a central processing unit (cpu), and wherein a power source can be battery, electrical, or solar. .Iaddend. .Iadd.114. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case are designed to be equipped with applications for the locking, disabling a lock, enabling a lock, and unlocking the locks of containers, vehicles, houses and businesses through the use of a smart phone, cell phone, PDA, laptop or desktop. .Iaddend. .Iadd.115. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case are designed to be equipped with a radio frequency (RF) chip for the locking, disabling a lock, enabling a lock, and unlocking the locks of containers, vehicles, houses and businesses, and are capable of a two-way, bi-directional radio frequency (RF) communication link that makes the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case work as a radio frequency (RF) sensors or a radio frequency (RF) tranceiver. .Iaddend. .Iadd.116. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case are designed as readers for barcodes that allow the reader to scan a barcode of a product or object and get more information about the product or object; wherein the product or object is connected to the internet by means of the cell phone, the cell phone detector case, or the smart phone. .Iaddend. .Iadd.117. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case have at least one of a Bluetooth connection, a Wi-Fi connection, a short and long range radio frequency connection, a Cellular connection, a satellite connection, or a GPS connection. .Iaddend. .Iadd.118. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case have a plurality of sensors for detecting at least one of a chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive and contraband agents and compounds which are capable of being disposed within the cell phone, the smart phone, or the cell phone detector case. .Iaddend. .Iadd.119. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case have a plurality of indicator lights with each indicator light corresponding to one chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear explosive and contraband agent or compound which are capable of being disposed within the cell phone, the smart phone, or the cell phone detector case and lighting up upon detection of that specific agent or compound for providing visual confirmation of the detection. .Iaddend. .Iadd.120. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case can send and receive signals, send and receive warnings, send and receive commands, send and receive data, information and report the status of the sensors and operational equipment systems to and from a cell phone, smart phone, PDA or handheld device. .Iaddend. .Iadd.121. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case have a display or LCD screen for visualization of the status of the sensors and other data reporting information. .Iaddend. .Iadd.122. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case are designed to be used with biometrics for authentication and identification, with at least one of a fingerprint recognition, voice recognition, face recognition, hand geometry, retina scan, iris scan, heart rate, pulse or signature, thereby allowing access to the product by authorized, trained, and equipped individuals and preventing access to the product by unauthorized, untrained, and unequipped individuals. .Iaddend. .Iadd.123. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case is designed to be used as a standalone detection system for the detection of bombs that have been surgically implanted by using at least one of the interchangeable human vitals sensors of: a heart sensor, a nerve sensor, a perspiration sensor, a inflammation sensor, a pulse sensor, a blood pressure sensor, a temperature sensor, a breath sensor, or a radiation sensor. .Iaddend. .Iadd.124. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 103 wherein the cell phone, the smart phone, and the cell phone detector case have products to be monitored, the devices that are monitoring, communication devices, communication equipment can be grouped into anti-terrorist product groupings based on the categories of similarities of design of at least one of: sensors, software, interfaces, detector cases, locks, mobile communication devices, handheld communication devices, vehicle slowing and stopping devices, specification, development and implementation; similarities in material composition of at least one of: steel, stainless steel, composites, brass, copper, aluminum, fiber, silicon, plastic, combining of materials parts or elements to form a whole; similarities in security problems of at least one of: theft, detection for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive compounds and agents, detection for weapons of mass destruction, biometrics for identifying terrorist, scanning to identify a terrorist threat; grouping security devices to form a network of ubiquitous sensing and detecting. .Iaddend. .Iadd.125. A multi-sensor detection system for monitoring products and capable of operating with at least one of a designated perimeter sensor, a range sensor, a human sensor, a light sensor, a video sensor, a tampering sensor, a breach sensor, a temperature sensor, or a door sensor for an unauthorized or unscheduled door opening, comprising: at least one communication device of a cell phone, a cell phone detector case, a smart phone, a handheld, a PDA, a laptop, or a computer terminal at a monitoring site, and wherein the communication device has a central processing unit (cpu); at least one sensor that is a designated perimeter sensor, range sensor, human sensor, light sensor, video sensor, tampering sensor, breach sensor, temperature sensor, or door sensor for unauthorized or unscheduled door opening, interconnected to the at least one communication device for communication therebetween; wherein the at least one interchangeable sensor is interconnected to an internal or external remote/electrical lock disabler; at least one of an Internet connection, a GPS connection, or a power connection disposed within the internal or external remote/electrical lock disabler; wherein the internal or external remote/electrical lock disabler communicates with the communication device and the internal or external remote/electrical lock disabler is mounted, embedded, affixed, or attached to a product for receiving transmission from the communication device to lock or disable a lock on the product and to prevent access to the product by unauthorized, untrained, and unequipped individuals, wherein the internal or external automatic/mechanical lock disabler detection device engages the lock on the product; and whereupon detection causes a signal to be sent to the at least one communication device followed by communicating with the internal or external remote/electrical lock disabler. .Iaddend. .Iadd.126. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 125 wherein each communication device includes at least one of an internet connection, a GPS connection, a radio frequency (RF) connection, or a central processing unit (cpu). .Iaddend. .Iadd.127. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 125 wherein the internal or external remote/electrical lock disabler is designed to lock, or disable the lock of the product thus preventing further contamination and denying access to the product by unauthorized, untrained, and unequipped individuals. .Iaddend. .Iadd.128. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 125 wherein the internal or external remote/electrical lock disabler is designed to unlock or enable the lock of the product thus allowing access to the product by authorized, trained, and equipped individuals. .Iaddend. .Iadd.129. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 125 wherein the internal or external remote/electrical lock disabler is designed for outside and/or inside of products listed in a product grouping. .Iaddend. .Iadd.130. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 125 wherein the internal or external remote/electrical lock disabler is designed as one combined unit of lock and detection devices for outside and/or inside of products listed in a product grouping. .Iaddend. .Iadd.131. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 125 wherein the internal or external remote/electrical lock disabler is designed to be used with or without biometrics for authentication and identification, thereby allowing access to the product by authorized, trained and equipped individuals and preventing access to the product by unauthorized, untrained, and equipped individuals. .Iaddend. .Iadd.132. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 125 wherein the internal or external remote/electrical lock disabler includes at least one of: a Blue tooth connection, a Wi-Fi connection, a short and long range radio frequency connection, an Internet connection, a Cellular connection, a Satellite connection, all of which are interconnected to the central processing unit (cpu). .Iaddend. .Iadd.133. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 125 wherein the internal or external remote/electrical lock disabler can send and receive signals, send and receive warnings, send and receive commands, send and receive data, information and report the status of the sensors and operational equipment systems to a cell phone, smart phone, PDA or handheld device. .Iaddend. .Iadd.134. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 125 wherein a communication device, that of a cell phone, smart phone or handheld; capable of sending signals to a vehicle's operating equipment systems of at least one of, but not limited to, an ignition for starting and stopping, a lock for unlocking and locking, a horn for sounding; capable of receiving data and diagnostic information of the vehicle's operating equipment systems. .Iaddend. .Iadd.135. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 125 wherein the internal or external remote/electrical lock disabler is designed to be equipped with applications for the locking, disabling a lock, enabling a lock, and unlocking the locks of, but not limited to, containers, vehicles, houses and businesses, using a smart phone, cell phone, PDA, laptop or desktop. .Iaddend. .Iadd.136. A maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection system for monitoring and for detecting at least one explosive, nuclear, human, contraband, chemical, biological, or radiological agents and compounds so that terrorist activity can be prevented, comprising: a plurality of sensors for detecting at least one chemical, biological, radiological, explosive, nuclear, human or contraband agents and compounds; monitoring equipment located at a determinate site that is remote from the maritime cargo container and not in contact with the maritime cargo container, that is at least one of a computer, laptop, notebook, PC, handheld, transceiver, cell phone, PDA or smart phone for the receipt and transmission of signals therebetween; at least one of a modem for short and/or long range radio frequency; a cellular connection; a Wifi connection; a satellite connection; an interface connection; or an internet connection, interconnected to the monitoring equipment for sending signals and messages thereto and receiving signals and messages therefrom; a maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection device that is embedded into, placed in, on, upon or adjacent at least one of, a seaport crane, a harbor crane or a straddle-carrier, capable of loading, offloading, or transport within the seaport terminal facility; whereupon a signal sent from the maritime cargo container multi sensor detection device to a satellite; or to a cell phone tower; or through short and/or long range radio frequency; causes a signal to be sent to the monitoring equipment that includes location data and sensor data. .Iaddend. .Iadd.137. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 136, further includes a global positioning system (GPS) receiver adapted for communication with at least one satellite. .Iaddend. .Iadd.138. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 136, capable of forming a wired or wireless sensor network. .Iaddend. .Iadd.139. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 136, capable of forming a mesh network for redundancy. .Iaddend. .Iadd.140. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 136, wherein the maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection device is embedded into, placed in, on, upon or adjacent at least one of, a seaport crane, a harbor crane or a straddle-carrier, capable of transmitting identification data, location data, power source data, and sensor data. .Iaddend. .Iadd.141. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 136, wherein the maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection device is embedded into, placed in, on, upon or adjacent at least one of, a seaport crane, a harbor crane or a straddle-carrier, wherein the power source is electrical, battery, solar, or a combination thereof. .Iaddend. .Iadd.142. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 136, wherein the maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection device is embedded into, placed in, on, upon or adjacent at least one of, a seaport crane, a harbor crane or a straddle-carrier, capable of sending signals thereto and receiving signals therefrom to lock, disable a lock, enable a lock, or unlock a lock that is interconnected to the maritime cargo container multi sensor detection device and monitoring equipment. .Iaddend. .Iadd.143. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 136, wherein the maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection device is embedded into, placed in, on, upon or adjacent at least one of, a seaport crane, a harbor crane or a straddle-carrier, capable of transmitting biometric and authentication data that includes, but is not limited to, fingerprint recognition, voice recognition, face recognition, hand geometry, retina scan, iris scan, heart rate, pulse and signature. .Iaddend. .Iadd.144. The multi-sensor detection system of claim 136, wherein the maritime cargo container multi-sensor detection device is embedded into, placed in, on, upon or adjacent at least one of, a seaport crane, a harbor crane or a straddle-carrier, interconnected with a camera; light and video sensors to allow the user to view the environment from at least one of a cell phone, a smart phone, a PDA, a handheld, a laptop, a desktop, a workstation or a monitoring site. .Iaddend. .Iadd.145. A multi sensor detection system wherein the security systems can be grouped into anti-terrorist product groupings based on the categories of similarities of design of at least one of; sensors, software, interfaces, detector cases, locks, mobile communication devices, handheld communication devices, portable communication devices, fixed communication devices, short or long range communication methods, satellite or cellular communication methods, telematics, Wi-Fi, Wi-max, broadband, internet, mesh network nodes, radio frequency, paging, texting, specifications, development and implementation: similarities in material composition of at least one of; steel, stainless steel, composites, brass, copper, aluminum, fiber, silicon, plastic, combining of materials parts or elements to form a whole: similarities in security problems of at least one of; theft, detection for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, contraband, compounds and agents, detection for weapons of mass destruction, biometrics for identifying terrorist, scanning to identify a terrorist threat, grouping security devices to form a network of ubiquitous sensing and detecting; comprising: a multi sensor detection device for monitoring products with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for at least one of chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, human, contraband; a built-in, embedded multi sensor detection system for monitoring products with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for at least one of chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, human, contraband; a cell phone; cell phone detection system for monitoring with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for at least one of chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, contraband; an external/internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler device for monitoring the locking or unlocking of products with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for at least one of chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, contraband, perimeter, motion, tampering, temperature, breach; an internal/external remote/electrical lock disabler device for monitoring the locking or unlocking of products with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for at least one of chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, contraband, human, perimeter, motion, tampering, temperature, breach, the internal/external remote/electrical lock disabler device to lock any unauthorized or untrained persons, thief or terrorist inside any of the products listed in any of the product grouping categories; an unmanned aerial, sea or ground vehicle detection system for monitoring with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for at least one of chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, contraband; and, a maritime cargo container detection system for monitoring with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for at least one of chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, contraband; wherein at least two of the systems of; the multi sensor detection device; the built-in, embedded multi sensor detection system; the cell phone detection system; the external/internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler system; the internal/external remote/electrical lock disabler system; the unmanned aerial, sea or ground vehicle detection system; the maritime cargo container detection system; the communication equipment, means and devices; the monitoring equipment, means and devices; capable of operating independent of each other or interconnected with each other; capable of communicating therebetween; and capable of operating under at least one network and under at least one central control center. .Iaddend. .Iadd.146. The multi sensor detection security systems of claim 145, further including a camera, light and video sensor to allow the user to access, review and respond to network multi sensor detection systems and view the environment from at least one of a cell phone, a smartphone, a PDA, a handheld, a laptop, a desktop, a workstation or monitoring site. .Iaddend. .Iadd.147. The multi sensor detection security systems of claim 145, further including biometrics of at least one of, but not limited to fingerprints, iris, signature and voice to prevent entry or exit of unauthorized persons. .Iaddend. .Iadd.148. The multi sensor detection security systems of claim 145, further including at least one sensor of system failure, motion, infrared, perimeter, temperature, tampering or breach, for the prevention of terrorist activity and theft. .Iaddend. .Iadd.149. The multi sensor detection security systems of claim 145, capable of receiving and sending at least one signal of unlock; thus unlocking any unauthorized or untrained persons, thief or terrorist from any of the products listed in any of the product groupings categories. .Iaddend. .Iadd.150. The multi sensor detection security systems of claim 145, capable of a wired or wireless connection. .Iaddend. .Iadd.151. The multi sensor detection security systems of claim 145, further including a power source of at least one of a battery, solar or electrical. .Iaddend. .Iadd.152. The multi sensor detection security systems of claim 145, further including a global positioning system (GPS) receiver adapted for communication with at least one satellite. .Iaddend. .Iadd.153. The multi sensor detection security systems of claim 145, capable of receiving signals from and sending signals to at least one of, but not limited to, a cell phone, a smartphone, a PDA, a handheld, a laptop, a desktop, a cellular towel, a satellite, a workstation or monitoring site. .Iaddend. 