A wireless sensor system for detecting electrical power lines in proximity to equipment includes a base station mounted in proximity to an operator of the equipment and a wireless sensor. The wireless sensor detects the presence of power lines by sensing an electrical field generated by the power lines and includes an accelerometer which senses motion of the equipment. The wireless sensor communicates data to the base station. The base station presents at least one alarm to the operator when the wireless sensor detects an electrical field with a magnitude which exceeds a selectable threshold and silences the least one alarm if no motion above a predetermined threshold is sensed for a predetermined period of time.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A wireless sensor system for detecting electrical power lines in proximity to equipment comprises: a base station mounted in proximity to an operator of the equipment; and a wireless sensor mounted on the equipment, the wireless sensor being configured to detect the presence of power lines by sensing an electrical field generated by the power lines, the wireless sensor comprising an accelerometer configured to sense motion of the equipment, the wireless sensor communicating data to the base station; in which the base station is configured to receive data from the wireless sensor and present at least one alarm to the operator when the wireless sensor detects an electrical field with a magnitude which exceeds a selectable threshold; in which the base station is configured to silence the at least one alarm if no motion above a predetermined threshold is sensed for a predetermined period of time, in which data generated by the accelerometer is used to monitor the usage of the equipment. 2. The system of claim 1, in which the base station further comprises: an audio alarm; a visual alarm; and an environmental light detector configured to sense environmental light conditions, the base station dimming the visual alarm when the environmental light detector senses that the environmental light is below a predetermined threshold. 3. The system of claim 2, in which the visual alarm comprises a light bar having multiple lights, the base station selectively activating the multiple lights to indicate to the operator increasing magnitude of an electrical field generated by a power line. 4. The system of claim 1, in which the accelerometer senses an orientation of a movable element attached to the equipment by detecting a gravitational acceleration vector. 5. The system of claim 1, in which the base station further comprises a base station orientation sensor, the base station orientation sensor detecting a gravitational vector and calculating a vehicle orientation, the base station being configured to warn the operator of a roll over danger when the vehicle orientation exceeds a predetermined threshold based o equipment geometry. 6. The system of claim 1, in which the base station further comprises a GPS receiver, the GPS receiver generating position data and communicating the position data to a processor within the base station. 7. The sys of claim 6, in which the processor sets sensitivity setting for the power line sensor based on a range of GPS locations. 8. The system of claim 6, in which the GPS position data is used to calculate a velocity of the equipment, the sensitivity of the powerline sensor being increased to its maximum when the velocity of the equipment exceeds a predetermined threshold. 9. The system of claim 1, in which the base station s configured to accept and apply alarm thresholds according to customized rules associated with the equipment and equipment location, 10. The system of claim 1, further comprising a data log, the data log recording a time stamp and an associated event, the associated event comprising one or more of the following: the time the equipment was powered on, the time the equipment was powered off, entries related to the velocity of the equipment, sensitivity levels of powerline sensors, alarm states, health status of the wireless sensors, and entries related to the orientation of movable elements to which the wireless sensor is attached. 11. The system of claim 10, in which the base station further comprises a transmission device, the transmission device communicating at least a portion of the data log to a master device. 12. The system of claim 11, in which the transmission device comprises a cell phone transmitter/receiver and a wireless transmitter/receiver. 13. The system of claim 1, in which the wireless sensor further comprises a battery charged at least one of: a solar panel or inductive coupling. 14. The system of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of wireless sensors and a plurality of base stations, in which each of the plurality wireless sensors are assigned a unique address; transmissions by each of the plurality of wireless sensors including the unique address; the base stations being paired with one or more wireless sensors by assigning the base stations to accept wireless transmissions which contain the address of at least one of the wireless sensors. 15. The system of claim 14, in which a plurality of base stations accept transmissions from one wireless sensor and a single base station accepts transmissions from a plurality of wireless sensors. 16. The system of claim 1, further comprising an interface which presents aggregated information received from the base station by a master device, the aggregated information identifying alarms associated with the base station. 17. The system of claim 16, in which the interface is further configured to display at least one of: current status of monitored equipment, customized rules for equipment, location histories of equipment, alarm histories of equipment, and identify the operators of each piece of monitored equipment. 18. The system of claim 1, in which the base station further comprises a camera and a microphone; the camera being configured to image at least one of: the operator or the equipment work area. 19. The system of claim 18, in which the base station is configured as an audio and visual communication link between the operator and a supervisor. 20. A wireless sensor system for detecting electrical power lines in proximity to equipment comprises: a base station mounted in proximity to an operator of the equipment; and a wireless sensor mounted on the equipment, the wireless sensor being configured to detect the presence of power lines by sensing an electrical field generated by the power lines, the wireless sensor communicating data o the base station, in which the base station is configured to receive data from the wireless sensor and present at least one visual alarm to the operator when the wireless sensor detects an electrical field with a magnitude which exceeds a selectable threshold; and an environmental light detector configured to sense environmental light conditions, the base station dimming the visual alarm when the environmental light detector senses that the environmental light is below a predetermined threshold. 21. A wireless sensor system for detecting electrical power lines in proximity to equipment comprises: abuse station mounted in proximity to an operator of the equipment, in which the base station further comprises a GPS receiver, the GPS receiver generating position data and communicating the position data to a processor within the base station; and a wireless sensor mounted on the equipment, the wireless sensor being configured to detect the presence of power lines by sensing an electrical field generated by the power lines, the wireless sensor communicating data to the base station; in which the base station is configured to receive data from the wireless sensor and present at least one alarm to the operator when the wireless sensor detects an electrical field with a magnitude which exceeds a selectable threshold. 22. The system of claim 21, in which the processor sets sensitivity setting for the power line sensor based on a range of GPS locations. 23. A wireless sensor system for detecting electrical power lines in proximity to equipment comprises: a base station mounted in proximity to an operator of the equipment; and a wireless sensor mounted on the equipment, the wireless sensor being configured to detect the presence of power lines by sensing an electrical field generated by the power lines, the wireless sensor communicating data to the base station; in which the base station is configured to receive data from the wireless sensor and present at least one alarm to the operator when the wireless sensor detects an electrical field with a magnitude which exceeds a selectable threshold; in which the base station is configured to accept and apply alarm thresholds according to customized rules associated with the equipment and equipment location. 24. A wireless sensor s stem for detecting electrical power lines in proximity to equipment comprises: a base station mounted in proximity to an operator of the equipment; and a wireless sensor mounted on the equipment, the wireless sensor being configured to detect the presence of power lines by sensing an electrical field generated by the power lines, the wireless sensor comprising an accelerometer configured to sense motion of the equipment, the wireless sensor communicating data to the base station; in which the base station is configured to receive data from the wireless sensor and present at least one alarm to the operator when the wireless sensor detects an electrical field with a magnitude which exceeds a selectable threshold; in which the base station is configured to silence the at least one alarm if no motion above a predetermined threshold is sensed for a predetermined period of time. 