Disclosed herein are representative embodiments of methods, apparatus, and systems for charging and discharging an energy storage device connected to an electrical power distribution system. In one exemplary embodiment, a controller monitors electrical characteristics of an electrical power distribution system and provides an output to a bi-directional charger causing the charger to charge or discharge an energy storage device (e.g., a battery in a plug-in hybrid electric vehicle (PHEV)). The controller can help stabilize the electrical power distribution system by increasing the charging rate when there is excess power in the electrical power distribution system (e.g., when the frequency of an AC power grid exceeds an average value), or by discharging power from the energy storage device to stabilize the grid when there is a shortage of power in the electrical power distribution system (e.g., when the frequency of an AC power grid is below an average value).
Claims We claim: 1. A system, comprising: one or more processing units; one or more non-transitory computer-readable storage media storing computer-readable instructions that when executed by the processing units determine a charging rate for a bi-directional charger using: a logic module operable to determine the charging rate for the bi-directional charger using data representing one or more electrical characteristics of an electrical power distribution system, to maintain the determined charging rate below an upper charge limit and above a lower charge rate limit, and to select each of the respective charge limits based on an average charge rate of the bi-directional charger for a preceding time period; and a data output module operable to send charger output rate data representing the determined charging rate. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the data includes frequency data representing an instantaneous frequency of the electrical power distribution system. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the charging rate of the bi-directional charger is negative. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the charging rate of the bi-directional charger indicates that the bi-directional charger is to discharge. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising the bi-directional charger, the bi-directional charger being configured to receive power from or deliver power to the electrical power distribution system in response to the charger output rate data. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the charging rate is based at least in part on one or more of: status data representing the status of an energy storage device, time data representing a desired final charging time, or an actual charging or discharging rate of the energy storage device. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the data input module is operable to receive an upper frequency parameter defining an over-frequency event of the electrical power distribution system, a lower frequency parameter defining an under-frequency event of the electrical power distribution system, or both the upper frequency parameter and the lower frequency parameter, and wherein the determining is based at least in part on one or more of the upper frequency parameter and the lower frequency parameter. 8. The system of claim 1, further comprising an energy storage device operable to generate power in the electrical power distribution system responsive to the charger output rate data. 9. A method, comprising: determining an initial charging rate for a bi-directional charger based on data representing one or more electrical characteristics of an electrical power distribution system, the electrical characteristic data including frequency data representing one or more frequency measurements of the electrical power distribution system; adjusting the charging rate to remain within a range of charge limits, the range of charge limits being selected based on actual charge rate data for the bi-directional charger for a preceding time period, and the range of charge limits including charging rates that discharge an energy storage device coupled to the bi-directional charger; and sending charger output rate data representing the adjusted charging rate to the bi-directional charger, the charger output rate data indicating a rate at which to charge or discharge the energy storage device. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising charging the energy storage device within a desired charging time. 11. The method of claim 9, wherein the electrical characteristic data includes frequency data representing an instantaneous frequency measurement of the electrical power distribution system. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising computing an average frequency from the frequency data. 13. The method of claim 9, wherein the electrical characteristic data includes frequency data representing an instantaneous frequency of the electrical power distribution system and an average frequency of the electrical power distribution system. 14. The method of claim 9, wherein the charger output rate data indicates a rate at which to discharge the energy storage device. 15. The method of claim 9, further comprising receiving status data representing the status of the energy storage device, and wherein the adjusting the charging rate is based, at least in part, on the status data. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the status data includes data representing a state-of-charge of the energy storage device. 17. The method of claim 9, further comprising receiving an upper frequency parameter defining an over-frequency event of the electrical power distribution system, a lower frequency parameter defining an under-frequency event of the electrical power distribution system, and wherein the adjusting the charging rate is based at least in part on one or more of the upper frequency parameter and the lower frequency parameter. 18. The method of claim 9, wherein the actual charge rate data indicates an actual charging or discharging rate of the energy storage device. 19. The method of claim 9, further comprising discharging the energy storage device responsive to the charger output rate data, thereby transmitting power to the electrical power distribution system. 20. The method of claim 9, wherein the energy storage device comprises at least one or more of the following: a battery in an electric vehicle, a battery in a plug-in hybrid electric vehicle, a stationary power source, pumped water storage, a flywheel, or a photovoltaic power system. 21. The method of claim 9, wherein the electrical power distribution system includes an alternating current power supply. 22. The method of claim 9, wherein the electrical characteristic data includes voltage data representing an operating voltage of the electrical power distribution system. 23. The method of claim 9, wherein the bi-directional charging system includes an AC-to-DC battery charger and a DC-to-AC grid-tie inverter. 24. The method of claim 9, wherein the adjusting the charging rate comprising clamping the charging rate below a first selected charging rate or above a second selected charging rate, and wherein the first and second selected charging rates are selected in response to a pre-determined or user-selected completion time for charging the energy storage device. 25. One or more non-transitory computer-readable storage media storing computer-readable instructions that when executed by one or more processing units cause a computer to perform a method, the method comprising: determining an initial charging rate for a bi-directional charger based on data representing one or more electrical characteristics of an electrical power distribution system, the electrical characteristic data including frequency data representing one or more frequency measurements of the electrical power distribution system; adjusting the charging rate to remain within a range of charge limits, the range of charge limits being selected using the instructions based on actual charge rate data for the bi-directional charger for a preceding time period, and the range of charge limits including charging rates that discharge an energy storage device coupled to the bi-directional charger; and sending charger output rate data representing the adjusted charging rate to the bi-directional charger, the charger output rate data indicating a rate at which to charge or discharge the energy storage device. 26. The non-transitory computer-readable storage media of claim 25, wherein the method further comprises computing an average frequency from the frequency data. 27. The non-transitory computer-readable storage media of claim 25, wherein the electrical characteristic data includes frequency data representing an instantaneous frequency of the electrical power distribution system and an average frequency of the electrical power distribution system. 28. The non-transitory computer-readable storage media of claim 25, wherein the charger output rate data indicates a rate at which to discharge the energy storage device. 29. The non-transitory computer-readable storage media of claim 25, further comprising receiving status data representing the status of the energy storage device, and wherein the adjusting the charging rate is based, at least in part, on the status data. 30. The non-transitory computer-readable storage media of claim 29, wherein the status data includes data representing a state-of-charge of the energy storage device. 31. The non-transitory computer-readable storage media of claim 25, wherein the method further comprises receiving an upper frequency parameter defining an over-frequency event of the electrical power distribution system, a lower frequency parameter defining an under-frequency event of the electrical power distribution system, and wherein the adjusting the charging rate is based at least in part on one or more of the upper frequency parameter and the lower frequency parameter. 32. The non-transitory computer-readable storage media of claim 25, wherein the actual charge rate data indicates an actual charging or discharging rate of the energy storage device. 33. The non-transitory computer-readable storage media of claim 25, wherein the method further comprises discharging the energy storage device responsive to the charger output rate data, thereby transmitting power to the electrical power distribution system. 34. The non-transitory computer-readable storage media of claim 25, wherein the adjusting the charging rate comprising clamping the charging rate below a first selected charging rate or above a second selected charging rate, and wherein the first and second selected charging rates are selected in response to a pre-determined or user-selected completion time for charging the energy storage device. 35. A system, comprising: one or more processing units; an interface to a bi-directional charger, the bi-directional charger configured to charge or discharge an energy storage device based on charger output rate data; and one or more non-transitory computer-readable storage media storing computer-readable instructions that when executed by the one or more processing units cause the system to perform a method, the method comprising: determining an initial charging rate for a bi-directional charger based on data representing one or more electrical characteristics of an electrical power distribution system, the electrical characteristic data including frequency data representing one or more frequency measurements of the electrical power distribution system; adjusting the charging rate to remain within a range of charge limits, the range of charge limits being selected using the instructions based on actual charge rate data for the bi-directional charger for a preceding time period, and the range of charge limits including charging rates that discharge an energy storage device coupled to the bi-directional charger; and using the interface, sending charger output rate data representing the adjusted charging rate to the bi-directional charger, the charger output rate data indicating a rate at which to charge or discharge the energy storage device. 36. The system of claim 35, wherein the method further comprises computing an average frequency from the frequency data. 37. The system of claim 35, wherein the electrical characteristic data includes frequency data representing an instantaneous frequency of the electrical power distribution system and an average frequency of the electrical power distribution system. 38. The system of claim 35, wherein the charger output rate data indicates a rate at which to discharge the energy storage device. 39. The system of claim 35, further comprising receiving status data representing the status of the energy storage device, and wherein the adjusting the charging rate is based, at least in part, on the status data. 40. The system of claim 35, wherein the method further comprises receiving an upper frequency parameter defining an over-frequency event of the electrical power distribution system, a lower frequency parameter defining an under-frequency event of the electrical power distribution system, and wherein the adjusting the charging rate is based at least in part on one or more of the upper frequency parameter and the lower frequency parameter. 41. The system of claim 35, wherein the method further comprises discharging the energy storage device responsive to the charger output rate data, thereby transmitting power to the electrical power distribution system. 42. The system of claim 35, wherein the adjusting the charging rate comprising clamping the charging rate below a first selected charging rate or above a second selected charging rate, and wherein the first and second selected charging rates are selected in response to a pre-determined or user-selected completion time for charging the energy storage device. 43. A method, comprising: determining a charging rate for a bi-directional charger using data representing one or more electrical characteristics of an electrical power distribution system, maintaining the determined charging rate below an upper charge limit and above a lower charge rate limit, each of the respective charge limits being selected based on an average charge rate of the bi-directional charger for a preceding time period; and sending the charger output rate data representing the determined charging rate to the bi-directional charger. 44. The method of claim 43, wherein the data includes frequency data representing an instantaneous frequency of the electrical power distribution system. 45. The method of claim 43, wherein the charging rate of the bi-directional charger indicates that the bi-directional charger is to discharge. 46. The method of claim 43, wherein the charging rate is determined based at least in part on one or more of: status data representing the status of an energy storage device, time data representing a desired final charging time, or an actual charging or discharging rate of the energy storage device. 47. The method of claim 43, further transmitting power to the electrical power distribution system responsive to the charger output rate data. 48. One or more non-transitory computer-readable storage media storing computer-readable instructions that when executed by a computer determine a charging rate for a bi-directional charger, the method comprising: determining a charging rate for a bi-directional charger using data representing one or more electrical characteristics of an electrical power distribution system, maintaining the determined charging rate below an upper charge limit and above a lower charge rate limit, each of the respective charge limits being selected using the instructions based on an average charge rate of the bi-directional charger for a preceding time period; and sending the charger output rate data representing the determined charging rate to the bi-directional charger. 49. The computer-readable storage media of claim 48, wherein the data includes frequency data representing an instantaneous frequency of the electrical power distribution system. 50. The computer-readable storage media of claim 48, wherein the charging rate is determined based at least in part on one or more of: status data representing the status of an energy storage device, time data representing a desired final charging time, or an actual charging or discharging rate of the energy storage device. 