A reliable solar cell module is provided whereby the liquid is less likely to stay thereon, thus dirt is less likely to occur on the light receiving surface of the solar cell module even in a prolonged use. A solar cell module comprising a solar cell panel, and a module frame. The solar cell module comprising a light receiving surface side member with a light receiving surface: a rear surface side member; and a solar cell element between the light receiving surface side member an the rear surface side member. The module frame fixed to the solar cell panel and surrounding the solar cell panel with its interior surface being abutted with an external peripheral part of the solar cell panel. The module frame comprises a notch extending from its inner part towards its external part in plan view from a side of the light receiving surface side member. The notch member comprises: a first portion on an upper surface of the module frame extending so as to reach an exterior side surface of the module frame, a second portion on the exterior side surface of the module frame connected to the first portion and extending from the upper surface of the module frame so that a lower end of an exterior side surface of the light receiving surface side member is exposed, and a draw part with smallest width.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell module comprising: a solar cell panel, and a module frame fixed to the solar cell panel and surrounding the solar cell panel, wherein the module frame has a mounting portion comprising an upper surface portion that is located on an upper side of an end portion of the solar cell panel, a side surface portion that is located on a side of a side surface of the solar cell panel, and a bottom surface portion that is located under a rear surface of the end portion of the solar cell panel; and a notch groove is provided to the mounting portion so that it extends from its inner part towards its external part in plan view from above, the notch groove comprises: a first portion on an upper surface of the module frame so as to expose an upper surface of the solar cell panel, and extending from the inner periphery of the upper surface of the module frame to the external periphery of the module frame, a second portion on an exterior side surface of the module frame connected to the first portion and extends so that a lower end portion of a side surface of the solar cell panel is exposed, an end portion of the second portion is located over a bottom surface of the module frame. 2. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein a width of the first portion is different from a width of the second portion. 3. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein a draw part with a small width is at the first portion. 4. The solar cell module according to claim 3, wherein a width of the first portion is discontinuous. 5. A solar cell array comprising a plurality of solar cell modules according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of solar cell modules are tilted to a base for setting. 6. The solar cell array comprising a plurality of solar cell modules according to claim 1, wherein the solar cell modules comprise a first solar cell module and a second solar cell module adjacent to the first solar cell module, and the notch of the first solar cell module is arranged to face the notch of the second solar cell module. 7. The solar cell module according to claim 1, further comprising: an adhesive member interposed between the mounting portion and the solar cell panel, wherein the adhesive member is positioned on the non-forming region of the notch groove. 