A fluid system is provided comprising: a heater having an inlet and an outlet; a storage vessel; storage vessel heating means for heating the fluid in the storage vessel; a mixing valve having a first inlet for receiving fluid to be heated from a fluid supply, a second inlet for receiving fluid from the storage vessel, and an outlet for supplying fluid to the inlet of the heater; and a controller wherein the controller is arranged to monitor the heater's performance and to operate the mixing valve to blend the fluid from the fluid supply with fluid from the storage vessel, for example, when a demand on the heater exceeds a threshold value.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A hot fluid system comprising: a heater having an inlet and an outlet; a storage vessel; storage vessel heating means for heating the fluid in the storage vessel; a mixing valve having a first inlet for receiving fluid to be heated from a fluid supply, a second inlet for receiving fluid from the storage vessel, and an outlet for supplying fluid to the inlet of the heater; and wherein the heater has a target output temperature, and when fluid is being drawn off, the mixing valve is adapted to blend the fluid from the fluid supply with fluid from the fluid storage vessel to obtain fluid at a mixing valve target temperature for supply to the fluid heater where the fluid is heated further to the target output temperature, and wherein the mixing valve target temperature is lower than the target output temperature. 2. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the heater is a combustion heater and the storage vessel heating means recovers heat from flue gasses of the combustion heater. 3. A system as claimed in claim 1, further including a controller arranged to monitor the heater's performance and in which the controller is responsive to fluid temperature at the output of the mixing valve. 4. A system as claimed in claim 3, in which the controller is an integral part of the mixing valve. 5. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the mixing valve is a thermostatically controlled mixing valve. 6. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the heater is operable to heat fluid in the storage vessel. 7. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the storage vessel heating means is a secondary heating system comprising one or more of electric heating, solar heating or waste heat recovery. 8. A hot water system comprising a system as claimed in claim 1. 9. A method of operating a liquid heating system, the heating system comprising: a heater having an inlet and an outlet; a storage vessel; storage vessel heating means for heating liquid in the storage vessel; and a mixing valve having a first inlet for receiving liquid to be heated from a liquid supply, a second inlet for receiving liquid from the storage vessel, and an outlet for supplying liquid to the inlet of the heater, wherein the heater has a target output temperature and, when liquid is being drawn off, the mixing valve is adapted to blend liquid from the liquid supply with liquid from the storage vessel to obtain fluid at a mixing valve target temperature for supply to the heater where the fluid is heated to the target output temperature, and wherein the mixing valve target temperature is lower than the target output temperature. 10. A method as claimed in claim 9, in which the mixing valve is operated as a function of the heater flow rate demand. 11. A method as claimed in claim 9, in which the proportion of liquid drawn from the storage vessel increases with increasing flow rate demand on the heater. 12. A system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the heater gets its heat from other than the storage vessel. 