The present invention is directed to a fixture for attaching a profile rail having an undercut longitudinal groove to another component, the invention includes the arrangement of the fixture.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A fixture for attaching a profile rail comprising an undercut longitudinal groove to a component disposed to support the profile rail, the fixture comprising: a main body comprising: a flat planar bearing surface for the profile rail, a rear surface disposed opposite to the flat planar bearing surface, a linear hook segment projecting from the flat planar bearing surface so as to divide the flat planar bearing surface into two coplanar partial surfaces so that the profile rail can rest on each of the two coplanar partial surfaces, the linear hook segment being configured to engage the undercut longitudinal groove, and a slide ramp comprising a second opening, the slide ramp protruding outwardly away from and rising relative to the flat planar bearing surface and being parallel to the linear hook segment; a clamping screw means configured to tighten the fixture against the component at the rear surface; and a gripping wedge of essentially triangular cross-section comprising a top side parallel to the flat planar bearing surface, a gripping side vertical to the flat planar bearing surface, and a first opening, the gripping wedge being disposed on the slide ramp and being configured so as to be slidable via the clamping screw means such that the gripping side contacts the profile rail so as to slide the profile rail along the two coplanar partial surfaces of the flat planar bearing surface and clamp the profile rail against the linear hook segment; wherein, the clamping screw means is configured to penetrate the first opening of the gripping wedge and the second opening of slide ramp, at least one of the first opening and the second opening is a longitudinal opening oriented perpendicular to the linear hook segment, and the main body is disposed to be arranged between the profile rail and the component. 2. The fixture as recited in claim 1, wherein the linear hook segment further comprises a gripping gradient configured to clamp the profile rail. 3. The fixture as recited in claim 1, wherein the main body is extruded. 4. The fixture as recited in claim 1, further comprising a loss-prevention means configured to retain the gripping wedge on the slide ramp. 5. The fixture as recited in to claim 4, wherein the loss-prevention means elastically retains the gripping wedge on the slide ramp. 6. The fixture as recited in claim 5, wherein the loss-prevention means elastically retains the gripping wedge in a top section of the slide ramp. 7. The fixture as recited in claim 6, wherein the slide ramp includes a first groove on a rear-side area, the gripping wedge includes a second groove on the gripping side facing the profile rail, and the loss-prevention means is a rubber ring configured to be inserted into both the first groove and the second groove. 8. The fixture as recited in claim 7, wherein the gripping wedge further includes a stop on a top end of the slide ramp. 9. The fixture as recited in claim 8, wherein the stop includes a groove configured to partially accommodate the gripping wedge. 10. An arrangement of a component and the fixture as recited in claim 1, wherein the main body is recessed between a rear side of the slide ramp and the component, and a top section of the slide ramp is provided with a brace to the component. 11. The arrangement as recited in claim 10, wherein the main body further comprises a ridge in a rear area of the slide ramp, the ridge being configured to project above the rear surface of the main body. 12. The arrangement as recited in claim 11, wherein the ridge is a base provided on the brace. 13. An arrangement of a component, a profile rail, and the fixture as recited in claim 1, wherein the component is inclined for mounting a solar panel, the fixture is disposed on the component such that a retaining projection of the linear hook segment aims downward, and the profile rail is combined with the fixture. 14. The arrangement as recited in claim 13, wherein the component is at least one of a roof hook, a tin roof clamp, a fastening element for corrugated or trapezoidal roofs, and another profile rail. 15. The arrangement as recited in claim 14, wherein the component is the another profile rail, and the another profile rail crosses the profile rail. 16. The fixture as recited in claim 1, wherein the main body further comprises a T-shaped slotted anchor projecting from the rear surface. 17. An arrangement of a component and the fixture as recited in claim 1, wherein the clamping screw means is permanently disposed onto the component in the form of a projecting threaded rod. 18. The fixture as recited in claim 1, wherein the gripping wedge is configured to grip the profile rail. 19. A fixture for attaching a profile rail comprising an undercut longitudinal groove to a component disposed to support the profile rail, the fixture comprising: a main body comprising: a flat planar bearing surface for the profile rail, a rear surface disposed opposite to the flat planar bearing surface, a hook segment projecting from the flat planar bearing surface so as to divide the flat planar bearing surface into two coplanar partial surfaces so that the profile rail can rest on each of the two coplanar partial surfaces, the hook segment being configured to engage the undercut longitudinal groove, and a slide ramp comprising a second opening, the slide ramp protruding outwardly away from and rising relative to the flat planar bearing surface and being parallel to the hook segment; a clamping screw means configured to clamp the profile rail to the fixture and to tighten the fixture to the component at the rear surface; and a gripping wedge of essentially triangular cross section comprising a top side parallel to the flat planar bearing surface, a gripping side vertical to the flat planar bearing surface, and a first opening, the gripping wedge being disposed on the slide ramp and being configured so as to be slidable via the clamping screw means such that the gripping side contacts the profile rail so as to slide the profile rail along the two coplanar partial surfaces of the flat planar bearing surface and clamp the profile rail against the hook segment; wherein, the clamping screw means is configured to penetrate the first opening of the gripping wedge and the second opening of slide ramp, at least one of the first opening and the second opening is a longitudinal opening oriented perpendicular to the hook segment, and the main body is arranged to be between the profile rail and the component. 20. A fixture for attaching a profile rail (20) having an undercut longitudinal groove (21) to another component (30, 31, 40) disposed to support the profile rail (20), the fixture comprising a main body (1), a gripping wedge (2), and a clamping screw (3, 3'), wherein: the main body (1) has a flat planar bearing surface (6) for the profile rail (20) and a linear hook segment (7) projecting from the flat planar bearing surface (6), the linear hook segment being designed to engage the undercut (21) of the longitudinal groove (20); the main body (1) has a slide ramp (10) that protrudes outwardly away from and rises relative to the flat planar bearing surface (6) and parallel to the linear hook segment (7); the gripping wedge (2) has an essentially triangular cross section comprising a top side parallel to the flat planar bearing surface (6), a gripping side vertical to the flat planar bearing surface (6), and a first opening, the gripping wedge (2) being disposed on the slide ramp (10) and being configured so as to be slidable via the clamping screw (3, 3') such that the gripping side contacts the profile rail (20) so as to slide the rail along the flat planar bearing surface (6) and clamp the profile rail (20) against the linear hook segment; the clamping screw (3, 3') penetrates the gripping wedge (2) in the first opening (11) and the slide ramp (10) in a second opening (12), wherein the first and/or second opening (11, 12) is a longitudinal opening (12) oriented perpendicular to the linear hook segment (7); the main body (1) has a rear surface (9) opposite the flat planar bearing surface (6), to which rear surface the fixture can be tightened by one and the same clamping screw (3, 3') against the another component (30, 31, 40); wherein the main body (1) is disposed to be arranged between the profile rail (20) and the another component (30, 31, 40); and an elastically-functioning loss-prevention means (5) is provided in a top section of the slide ramp (10), the elastically-functioning loss-prevention means (5) being configured to retain the gripping wedge (2) on the slide ramp (10), the elastically-functioning loss-prevention means (5) being a rubber ring (5) inserted both in a groove on a rear-side area of the slide ramp (10) and in a groove on the gripping side of the gripping wedge (2) facing the profile rail (20). 21. The fixture according to claim 20, wherein a stop (15) for the gripping wedge (2) is provided on a top end of the slide ramp (10). 22. The fixture according to claim 21, wherein a groove (15) partially accommodating the gripping wedge (2) is provided in the stop (15). 