The present invention provides a semiconductor device having a structure that can be mounted on a wiring substrate, as for the semiconductor device formed over a thin film-thickness substrate, a film-shaped substrate, or a sheet-like substrate. In addition, the present invention provides a method for manufacturing a semiconductor device that is capable of raising a reliability of mounting on a wiring substrate. One feature of the present invention is to bond a semiconductor element formed on a substrate having isolation to a member that a conductive film is formed via a medium having an anisotropic conductivity.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for manufacturing a semiconductor device comprising the steps of: providing a conductive film to a member so that a side surface, an upper surface, and a bottom surface of the member are covered by the conductive film, bonding a semiconductor element provided on a substrate to the member using an adhesive joint member selected from an anisotropic conductive adhesive agent or an anisotropic conductive film so that an electrode of the semiconductor element is electrically connected to the conductive film; and mounting the semiconductor element over a wiring substrate having an electrode pad using a solder so that a side surface of the conductive film is covered by the solder. 2. The method for manufacturing the semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein the adhesive joint member includes a conductive particle. 3. The method for manufacturing the semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein the substrate is a film-shaped substrate or a sheet-like substrate. 4. The method for manufacturing the semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein the substrate is a glass substrate, a plastic substrate, or a substrate formed from organic resin. 5. The method for manufacturing the semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein the semiconductor element has a thin film transistor or a diode. 6. The method for manufacturing the semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein the substrate has insulation. 7. The method for manufacturing the semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein the semiconductor device is an optical sensor, a photoelectric conversion device, or a solar battery. 8. The method for manufacturing the semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein the mounting of the semiconductor element over the wiring substrate is performed so that the solder is in contact with and interposed between the conductive film and the electrode pad. 9. A method for manufacturing a semiconductor device comprising the steps of: providing a first conductive film and a second conductive film to a member so that a side surface, an upper surface, and a bottom surface of the member are covered by the first conductive film and the second conductive film, bonding a semiconductor element, which comprises a first electrode and a second electrode and is provided on a substrate, to the member using an adhesive joint member selected from an anisotropic conductive adhesive agent or an anisotropic conductive film so that the first electrode and the second electrode are electrically connected to the first conductive film and the second conductive film, respectively; and mounting the semiconductor element over a wiring substrate having a first electrode pad and a second electrode pad using a solder so that the first conductive film and the second conductive film are electrically connected to the first electrode pad and the second electrode pad, respectively, wherein the mounting of the semiconductor element over the wiring substrate is performed so that a side surface of the first conductive film and a side surface of the second conductive film are covered by the solder. 10. The method for manufacturing the semiconductor device according to claim 9, wherein the adhesive joint member includes a conductive particle. 11. The method for manufacturing the semiconductor device according to claim 9, wherein the substrate is a film-shaped substrate or a sheet-like substrate. 12. The method for manufacturing the semiconductor device according to claim 9, wherein the substrate is a glass substrate, a plastic substrate, or a substrate formed from organic resin. 13. The method for manufacturing the semiconductor device according to claim 9, wherein the semiconductor element has a thin film transistor or a diode. 14. The method for manufacturing the semiconductor device according to claim 9, wherein the substrate has insulation. 15. The method for manufacturing the semiconductor device according to claim 9, wherein the semiconductor device is an optical sensor, a photoelectric conversion device, or a solar battery. 16. The method for manufacturing the semiconductor device according to claim 9, wherein the mounting of the semiconductor element over the wiring substrate is performed so that the solder is in contact with and interposed between the first conductive film and the first electrode pad and between the second conductive film and the second electrode pad. 