Asset including an arrangement for monitoring objects in an interior of the asset includes a sensor system arranged on or in the asset to obtain data about the asset or an object in the asset and a communication system arranged on the asset and coupled to the sensor system. The communication system transmits the data obtained by the sensor system to a remote facility via the Internet. A data reception system is arranged on the asset arranged to obtain data to enable the position of the asset to be determined, i.e., at the remote facility, and is coupled to the communication system which transmits the data to enable the remote facility to determine the location of the asset. The sensor system may be integrated with a cell phone or PDA.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A movable shipping container, comprising: a plurality of planar walls including a pair of opposed side walls, a front wall, a rear wall opposed to said front wall, a floor and a roof, said plurality of walls defining a storage area; and an arrangement for monitoring inanimate objects in said storage area of the container that are movable into and out of said storage area, said arrangement comprising: a sensor system having a plurality of sensors each arranged on or in the container, said sensor system being configured to: obtain data about at least one inanimate object in said storage area that is movable into and out of said storage area without affecting operation of the container; a processor coupled to said sensor system and that derives information about the at least one inanimate object in said storage area from the data about the at least one inanimate object obtained by said sensor system, said processor being configured to use pattern recognition to process the data about the at least one inanimate object in the container obtained by said sensor system in order to derive the information about the at least one inanimate object therefrom; and a communication system arranged on the container and coupled to said processor, said communication system being configured to link to a communications network encompassing an area of travel of the container and including Internet connectability, said communication system being further configured, when linked to the communications network, to wirelessly transmit the information about the at least one inanimate object derived by said processor to a remote facility via the Internet, whereby communications being transmitted directly from said communication system are transmitted from said communication system using Internet protocol to enable transmission of such communications using the Internet. 2. The container of claim 1, further comprising a location determining system arranged on the container to monitor location of the container, said communication system transmitting the location of the container to the remote facility. 3. The container of claim 1, further comprising a data reception system on the container configured to obtain data to enable location of the container to be determined, said data reception system being coupled to said communication system which transmits the data to enable the remote facility to determine location of the container. 4. The container of claim 3, wherein said data reception system is configured to cause said communication system to transmit a minimum amount of data to enable the location of the container to be determined when such data has been received. 5. The container of claim 4, wherein said data reception system is configured to obtain data about strengths of satellite signals being received at the container or signals from wireless beacons having known positions and cause said communication system to transmit such data to enable the location of the container to be determined. 6. The container of claim 1, wherein said sensor system is integrated with a cell phone or PDA. 7. The container of claim 1, wherein at least one of said sensors of said sensor system senses a property of the object, a condition of the object, a property of an environment around the object and within the storage area of the container, or a condition of an environment around the object and within the storage area of the container, and said processor analyzing data obtained by said sensors to determine whether a condition that is likely to affect the status or health of the object has occurred or is forecast to occur. 8. The container of claim 7, wherein said communication system is configured to transmit the status of the object to the remote facility when said processor determines the presence of the condition. 9. The container of claim 1, wherein at least one of said sensors of said sensor system senses a property of the object, a condition of the object, a property of an environment around the object and within the storage area of the container, or a condition of an environment around the object and within the storage area of the container, said processor being located on the container and configured to analyze data obtained by said sensors to determine whether a condition that is likely to affect the status or health of the object has occurred or is forecast to occur. 10. The container of claim 9, wherein said communication system is configured to transmit the status of the object to the remote facility when said processor determines the presence of the condition. 11. The container of claim 1, further comprising a door that control access to the storage area; and a door status sensor configured to detect when said door is closed, said sensor system being wirelessly coupled to said door status sensor and configured to obtain data only when said door status sensor detects when said door is closed after having been opened. 12. The container of claim 1, further comprising at least one light-detecting sensor configured to detect any change in light in the proximity of the object, said sensor system being wirelessly coupled to said at least one light-detecting sensor and configured to obtain data only when a change in light is detected by said at least one light-detecting sensor. 13. The container of claim 1, wherein said arrangement is configured to detect motion of the object within the storage area of the container relative to the container to enable a determination of whether the position of the at least one inanimate object has changed, further comprising an inertial device coupled to said arrangement and configured to obtain information about motion of the container, said arrangement receiving information about motion of the container from said inertial device and analyzing the detected motion of the object in conjunction with the motion of the container to ascertain whether the detected motion of the object is caused by the motion of the container or by independent movement of the object in said storage area of the container. 14. The container of claim 1, wherein said sensor system comprises at least one chemical sensor. 15. The container of claim 1, wherein each of said sensors is selected from a group consisting of a temperature sensor, a pressure sensor, a carbon dioxide sensor, a humidity sensor, a hydrocarbon sensor, a narcotics sensor, a mercury vapor sensor, a radioactivity sensor, a microphone, an electromagnetic wave sensor, electric or magnetic field sensor and a light sensor. 16. The container of claim 1, wherein said sensor system comprises an initiation device that periodically initiates said sensor system to obtain data. 17. The container of claim 16, further comprising a wakeup sensor system that detects occurrence of an internal or external event, or absence of an event for a time period, requiring a change in frequency at which the container is monitored, said initiation device being wirelessly coupled to said wakeup sensor system and being configured to change a rate at which it initiates said sensor system to obtain data in response to the detected occurrence of an internal or external event by said wakeup sensor system. 18. The container of claim 1, further comprising a motion or vibration detection system configured to detect motion or vibration of the container, object or a part thereof, said sensor system being wirelessly coupled to said motion or vibration detection system and being configured to obtain data only after the container, object or a part thereof is determined to have moved from a stationary position or vibrated. 19. The container of claim 1, further comprising a wakeup sensor system that detects occurrence of an internal or external event relating to the condition or location of the container, said communication system being wirelessly coupled to said wakeup sensor system and being configured to transmit a signal relating to the detected occurrence of an internal or external event. 20. The container of claim 1, further comprising a memory unit that stores data relating to the location of the container and information relating to objects in the storage area of the container. 21. The container of claim 20, further comprising: a door that controls access to the storage area; and a door status sensor configured to detect when said door is closed, said sensor system being wirelessly coupled to said door status sensor and configured to obtain data only when said door status sensor detects when said door is closed after having been opened, said memory unit being configured to store data relating to the opening and closing of said door in conjunction with the location of the container and objects in the storage area of the container. 22. The container of claim 1, wherein said sensor system is configured to detect motion of the object within the storage area of the container. 23. The container of claim 22, further comprising an inertial device arranged on the container to provide information about at least one inertial property of the container, said processor being configured to analyze the information about the at least one inertial property of the container relative to detected motion of the object to determine whether the motion of the object is caused by movement of the container or whether the motion of the object is caused by the object itself relative to the container. 24. The container of claim 1, further comprising an energy harvesting system for generating energy to power said sensor system and said communication system. 25. The container of claim 24, wherein said energy harvesting system comprises at least one solar panel arranged on an upper surface of the container. 26. The container of claim 1, wherein said sensor system is configured to be remotely activated via said communication system to obtain data about the at least one inanimate object in the container. 27. The container of claim 1, wherein at least one of said sensors comprises a camera that obtains images including said storage area such that when the at least one inanimate object is in said storage area, said camera obtains images including the at least one inanimate object, said processor being configured to analyze the images including the at least one inanimate object obtained by said camera to derive information about the at least one inanimate object, said communication system being configured to wirelessly transmit the information about the at least one inanimate object derived by said processor from the images including the at least one inanimate object obtained by said camera to the remote facility via the Internet. 28. The container of claim 1, wherein said sensor system is configured to obtain data about at least one inanimate object in said storage area that includes whether position of the at least one inanimate object has changed. 29. The container of claim 1, wherein said sensor system is configured to obtain data about at least one inanimate object in said storage area that includes presence of the at least one inanimate object in said storage area. 30. The container of claim 1, wherein said sensor system is configured to obtain data about at least one inanimate object in said storage area that includes position of the at least one inanimate object in said storage area. 31. The container of claim 1, wherein said sensor system comprises a radio frequency identification (RFID) interrogator and obtains data about at least one inanimate object in said storage area through interaction of said RFID interrogator with an RFID device on the at least one inanimate object. 32. The container of claim 1, wherein said sensor system comprises a temperature sensor for sensing temperature in said storage area, the data obtained by said sensor system including a temperature to which the at least one inanimate object is exposed in said storage area obtained from said temperature sensor. 33. The container of claim 1, wherein said processor is configured to use pattern recognition to process the data about the at least one inanimate object in the container obtained by said sensor system at two different times separated by an opening or closing of a door of the container, and thereby derive information about insertion or removal of the at least one inanimate object from said storage area. 34. The container of claim 1, wherein said sensor system is further configured to obtain data about an environment exterior of the container, said processor being configured to derive information about the container from the data about the environment exterior of the container obtained by said sensor system; and said communication system being configured, when linked to the communications network, to wirelessly transmit the information about the container derived by said processor to the remote facility via the Internet. 35. A movable shipping container, comprising: a plurality of planar walls including a pair of opposed side walls, a front wall, a rear wall opposed to said front wall, a floor and a roof, said plurality of walls defining a storage area; a sensor system arranged on or in the container, said sensor system being configured to obtain data about at least one inanimate object in said storage area that is movable into and out of said storage area; a processor coupled to said sensor system and that derives information about the at least one inanimate object in said storage area from the data about the at least one inanimate object obtained by said sensor system, the information including motion of the at least one inanimate object; a communication system arranged on the container and coupled to said processor, said communication system being configured to link to a communications network encompassing an area of travel of the container and including Internet connectability; and an inertial device coupled to said processor and configured to detect motion of the container, said communication system being further configured, when linked to the communications network, to wirelessly transmit the information about the at least one inanimate object derived by said processor to a remote facility via the Internet such that communications from said communication system are transmitted using Internet protocol to enable transmission of such communications using the Internet, said processor receiving information about motion of the container from said inertial device and analyzing the motion of the at least one inanimate object relative to the motion of the container to ascertain whether the motion of the at least one inanimate object is caused by the motion of the container or by independent movement of the object in the storage area of the container. 36. The container of claim 35, wherein said processor is configured to use pattern recognition to process the data about the at least one inanimate object in the container obtained by said sensor system in order to derive the information about the at least one inanimate object therefrom. 