A DC to AC inverter used in a solar cell power system can include an improved structure for cooling itself and increasing power output.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A DC to AC inverter unit comprising: an enclosure; a DC to AC inverter within the enclosure, the inverter having a rated power output at a first temperature; and a cooling source in thermal communication with the inverter, wherein the cooling source is configured to maintain the inverter at or below a second temperature sufficient to allow the inverter to be overdriven to increase power output by 5% or more over the rated power output in response to detected load and temperature conditions. 2. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 1, further comprising a power current switch within the enclosure, wherein the switch switches back and forth to allow current to flow in two alternate directions. 3. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 2, further comprising a transformer within the enclosure and electrically connected to the switch. 4. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 1, further comprising a DC input from a photovoltaic array to the DC to AC inverter. 5. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 4, further comprising a supervisory control and data acquisition system within the enclosure, wherein the supervisory control and data acquisition system comprises: at least one sensor acquiring data on the outputs of the photovoltaic array; a human-machine interface; a current/voltage control unit; a computer supervisory system acquiring data from the sensor and sending commands to the current/voltage control unit; a remote terminal unit connecting to the sensor, converting sensor signals to digital data and sending digital data to the supervisory system; and a communication infrastructure connecting the supervisory system to the remote terminal unit. 6. The DC to AC inverter of claim 5, wherein the supervisory control and data acquisition system comprises a programmable logic controller used as field device. 7. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 1, further comprising a cable vault adjacent to the enclosure. 8. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 1, wherein the cooling source comprises an air conditioning system. 9. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 1, wherein the first temperature is about 50 degrees C. and the second temperature is about 35 degrees C. 10. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 1, wherein the first temperature is about 50 degrees C. and the second temperature is about 20 degrees C. 11. A method for generating AC power, comprising: operating in an enclosure an inverter having a rated power output, the inverter comprising a power current switch and the power current switch being electrically connected to a power transformer; maintaining a first temperature within the enclosure; and in response to detecting temperature and load conditions of the inverter, maintaining at or below a second temperature within the enclosure, such that the second temperature permits overdriving the inverter to output power greater than the rated power output. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein maintaining the second temperature within the enclosure comprises operating a cooling source thermally connected to the inverter to permit the overdriving. 13. The method of claim 11, further comprising dissipating heat from the transformer using a finned heat sink in thermal connection with the transformer. 14. The method of claim 11, further comprising dissipating heat from the power switch using a finned heat sink in thermal communication with the power switch. 15. A photovoltaic module-based power system comprising: a photovoltaic array; and a DC to AC inverter unit electrically connected to the photovoltaic array comprising: an enclosure; a DC to AC inverter within the enclosure, the inverter having a rated power output at a first temperature; and a cooling source in thermal communication with the inverter, wherein the cooling source is configured to maintain the inverter at or below a second temperature sufficient to allow the inverter to be overdriven to increase power output by 5% or more over the rated power output in response to detected load and temperature conditions. 16. The photovoltaic module-based power system of claim 15, further comprising a supervisory control and data acquisition system within the enclosure, wherein the supervisory control and data acquisition system comprises: at least one sensor acquiring data on the outputs of the photovoltaic array; a human-machine interface; a current/voltage control unit; a computer supervisory system acquiring data from the sensor and sending commands to the current/voltage control unit; a remote terminal unit connecting to the sensor, converting sensor signals to digital data and sending digital data to the supervisory system; and a communication infrastructure connecting the supervisory system to the remote terminal unit. 17. The DC to AC inverter unit of claim 1, wherein the cooling source is configured to maintain the inverter at or below the second temperature in response to detecting that a load limit and a temperature limit are simultaneously exceeded. 18. The method of claim 11, wherein detecting temperature and load conditions comprises detecting that a load limit and a temperature limit are simultaneously exceeded. 19. The method of claim 11, wherein the first temperature is about 50 degrees C. and the second temperature is about 35 degrees C. 20. The photovoltaic module-based power system of claim 15, wherein the cooling source is configured to maintain the inverter at or below the second temperature in response to detecting that a load limit and a temperature limit are simultaneously exceeded. 