A vehicle for transporting or vending refrigerated product having a peripheral body extending vertically from the supporting surface, the peripheral body having a driver area, retail area, and cooling area, a bulk head for dividing the retail area from the cooling area, an auxiliary power system for powering at least one electrical component, having a battery bank and a charging mechanism, the charging mechanism having a vehicle charging system, shore power charging system, and solar array charging system, the charging mechanism imparting electrical charge to the battery bank, where the electrical component is a temperature control system for maintaining the temperature of the cooling area within a desired temperature range.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A vehicle for vending refrigerated product comprising: a chassis supported by wheels, a supporting surface supported by the chassis, a peripheral body extending vertically from the supporting surface, comprising a first sidewall, a second sidewall, a rear wall, and a top side, said peripheral body comprising a driver area, retail area, and cooling area, a bulk head for dividing the retail area from the cooling area and reducing the rate of heat transfer between the retail area and the cooling area, and a storage assembly capable of transferring product from an exterior area to the cooling area, wherein the storage assembly is placed substantially flush against an angled sidewall of the peripheral body, the storage assembly comprising: an open front allowing individually packaged product to be picked by an operator, a plurality of storage containers capable of separating like kinds of product, a base, and a caster that engages the base and provides for the storage assembly to roll, wherein the vehicle allows for the sale of product from the vehicle at a plurality of locations. 2. The vehicle of claim 1 wherein said retail area comprises a retractable panel providing for a service window where said retractable panel is in the open position, said service window allowing the operator to pass product from the retail area to the exterior of the vehicle. 3. The vehicle of claim 1 wherein said retail area comprises an order preparation counter. 4. The vehicle of claim 1 wherein said retail area comprises a vehicle point of sale system comprising a computer station, a printer, a video camera, and a router. 5. The vehicle of claim 4 wherein said point of sale system further comprises a vehicle server and a point of sale terminal, wherein said vehicle server transmits data to a host server. 6. The vehicle of claim 1 wherein said cooling area comprises a liner for reducing the time and energy required to maintain the temperature within a desired temperature range. 7. The vehicle of claim 1 wherein said cooling area comprises a thermal break for reducing the rate of heat transfer between the cooling area and the retail area by way of the supporting surface. 8. The vehicle of claim 1 wherein said rear wall comprises an insulated rear door that opens providing for a doorway providing the product to pass through the rear wall into the cooling area. 9. The vehicle of claim 1 wherein said bulk head comprises an insulated bulk head door providing for product to pass through the bulk head and reducing the rate of heat transfer between the retail area and the cooling area. 10. The vehicle of claim 1 wherein said storage assembly further comprises an upper storage portion comprising a tapered back, said tapered back providing for the storage assembly to be stored substantially flush to a sidewall of the cooling area. 11. The vehicle of claim 1 further comprising a wheel well and a restraining device wherein said storage assembly further comprises a cavity, said restraining device prevents the storage assembly from moving forward or backward during transit of the vehicle. 12. The vehicle of claim 1 further comprising a securing device for securing the storage assembly to a sidewall for preventing the storage assembly from moving laterally during transit of the vehicle. 13. The vehicle of claim 1 further comprising a lift mechanism for transferring a storage assembly from a first height to a second height. 14. The vehicle of claim 1 further comprising a curtain for reducing the rate of heat transfer between the retail area and the cooling area. 15. The vehicle of claim 1 further comprising a temperature monitoring system comprising a temperature sensor and monitoring software, said monitoring software configured to interact with the temperature sensor and alert an operator when the temperature of the cooling area falls outside of a desired temperature range. 16. The vehicle of claim 1 further comprising an auxiliary power system for powering at least one electrical component, comprising a battery bank and a charging mechanism, said charging mechanism comprising a vehicle charging system, shore power charging system, and solar array charging system, said charging mechanism imparting electrical charge to the battery bank, where said electrical component is a temperature control system for maintaining the temperature of the cooling area within a desired temperature range, said temperature control system comprising an evaporator, condenser, compressor and thermostat. 17. The vehicle of claim 16 wherein said temperature control system comprises a condensate tank to collect condensate generated by the temperature control system. 18. The vehicle of claim 15 wherein said evaporator engages a sidewall and is positioned above a storage assembly, said position of the evaporator allowing an operator to travel through the aisle uninhibited by the evaporator. 19. The vehicle of claim 16 wherein said solar array charging system comprises a solar array, said solar array engaging the exterior of the peripheral body and providing for a radiant barrier for reducing the solar radiation and resultant heat imparted on the peripheral body. 