A photovoltaic power system can include a photovoltaic array, an inverter, and a battery.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system of generating power of reduced power output rate change variability comprising: a photovoltaic array that outputs photovoltaic power; an inverter connected to the photovoltaic array to receive the photovoltaic power and to produce alternating current output power to a grid; an auxiliary power source that outputs auxiliary power which is combined with either the photovoltaic power or the alternating current output power to form a combined output; and a plant control system that controls the inverter and the auxiliary power source, measures a rate of change of the photovoltaic power, and adjusts the auxiliary power such that a rate of change of the combined output, known as a plant power output rate of change, is limited within a predefined power output rate change band, wherein the predefined power output rate change band defines a maximum allowable positive and a maximum allowable negative limit for the plant power output rate of change. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising separate and independently adjustable set points for maximum allowable positive and negative power rate change limits. 3. The system of claim 2, further comprising a maximum allowable negative power rate change limit adjustable to any value between 0 and -100%. 4. The system of claim 2, further comprising a maximum allowable positive power rate change limit adjustable to any value between 0 and +100%. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising set points for maximum allowable positive and negative power rate change limits that can be pre-set and then automatically changed by the plant control system in response to time of day; current, scheduled, or anticipated photovoltaic plant operating conditions; or current or anticipated weather conditions. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the auxiliary power source comprises a stored energy system. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the combined output is a combination of the photovoltaic power and the auxiliary power, and the combined output is input to the inverter. 8. The system of claim 7, further comprising a DC-to-DC converter which converts the auxiliary power before the auxiliary power is combined with the photovoltaic power. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the auxiliary power source comprises a battery. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein the auxiliary power source comprises a battery and a fuel cell. 11. The system of claim 8, wherein the DC-to-DC converter is bi-directional. 12. The system of claim 8, wherein the combined output is limited within the predefined power output rate change band by the auxiliary power source being controlled to either output auxiliary power to be combined with the photovoltaic power or to input excess photovoltaic power. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the auxiliary power source is configured to output auxiliary power in order to prevent the rate of change of the combined output from exceeding the maximum allowable negative limit. 14. The system of claim 12, wherein the auxiliary power source is configured to input excess photovoltaic power in order to prevent the rate of change of the combined output from exceeding the maximum allowable positive limit. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein the combined output is a combination of the alternating current output power and the auxiliary power, and the combination occurs after the alternating current output power is output from the inverter. 16. The system of claim 15, further comprising an additional inverter which inverts the auxiliary power before the auxiliary power is combined with the alternating current output power. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the additional inverter is bi-directional. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the auxiliary power source is a battery. 19. The system of claim 15, wherein the auxiliary power source is a generator. 20. The system of claim 15, wherein the combined output is limited within the predefined power output rate change band by the auxiliary power source being controlled to either output auxiliary power to be combined with the alternating current output power or to input excess alternating current output power. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein the auxiliary power source is configured to output auxiliary power in order to prevent the rate of change of the combined output from exceeding the maximum allowable negative limit. 22. The system of claim 20, wherein the auxiliary power source is configured to input excess alternating current output power in order to prevent the rate of change of the combined output from exceeding the maximum allowable positive limit. 