Electric circuit for converting direct into alternating current specially designed for photovoltaic systems connected to the electrical grid without a transformer, and enabling the earthing of one of the input terminals (2) of the photovoltaic generator, thereby working with a wide range of input voltages and having a high efficiency.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. Electric circuit for converting direct current into alternating current, being a single-phase inverter circuit that conditions and converts direct current into alternating current, which comprises: two direct current connections (1, 2) to which a source of direct current is connected; a first temporary energy accumulator (C1) connected between the direct current connections (1, 2); a first branch connected between the direct current connections (1, 2), and which comprises a first switching element (E1), a first inductance (L1) and a second switching element (E2); a second branch comprising a third switching element (E3), connected at the junction point of the second switching element (E2) with the first inductance (L1); a third branch comprising a fourth switching element (E4), connected at the junction point of the second switching element (E2) with a direct current connection (2); a second temporary energy accumulator (C2) connected between the third and fourth switching elements (E3, E4); a fourth branch comprising a fifth switching element (E5) and a sixth switching element (E6); with the fifth switching element (E5) being connected to the junction point of the second temporary energy accumulator (C2) with the third switching element (E3), and with the sixth switching element (E6) being connected to the junction point of the second temporary energy accumulator (C2) with the fourth switching element (E4); a fifth branch comprising a seventh switching element (E7) that is connected between the junction point of the first switching element (E1) with the first inductance and the junction point of the second temporary energy accumulator (C2) with the fourth switching element (E4) and the sixth switching element (E6); two alternating current connections (3 and 4), to which an element selected from electrical grid and a load ready to work with alternating current, is connected; a sixth branch comprising a second inductance (L2) connected between the junction point of the fifth switching element (E5) and the sixth switching element (E6) and an alternating current connection (3). 2. Electric circuit according to claim 1 wherein: the first switching element (E1) is selected from MOSFET, IGBT and J-FET transistors; the second, third, fourth, fifth and sixth switching elements (E2, E3, E4, E5 and E6) are selected from MOSFET, IGBT and J-FET transistors, connected in antiparallel with respective diodes; the seventh switching element (E7) is diode-type. 3. Electric circuit according to claim 1 wherein an eighth switching element (E8) connected in parallel with the third switching element (E3) and the second switching element (E2) is included. 4. Electric circuit according to claim 3 wherein: the first and second switching elements (E1, E2) are selected from MOSFET, IGBT and J-FET transistors; the fourth, fifth, sixth and eighth switching element (E4, E5, E6 and E8) are selected from MOSFET, IGBT and J-FET transistors, connected in antiparallel with respective diodes, the third and seventh switching element (E3 and E7) are diode-type. 5. Electric circuit according to claim 1 wherein the first and second temporary energy accumulators (C1, C2) are selected from capacitive, ultra capacitive elements, batteries and a combination thereof. 6. Electric circuit according to claim 1 comprising an electromagnetic compatibility filter at a location selected between the direct current connections (1, 2), alternating current connections (3, 4) and distributed in the circuit. 7. Electric circuit according to claim 2 wherein said circuit is connected to a control unit adapted to control the switching through a series of turn-on signals generated at its output and directed to the first, second, third, fourth, fifth and sixth switching elements (E1, E2, E3, E4, E5 and E6). 8. Electric circuit according to claim 4 wherein said circuit is connected to a control unit adapted to control the switching through a series of turn-on signals generated at its output and directed to the first, second, fourth, fifth, sixth and eighth switching elements (E1, E2, E4, E5, E6 and E8). 9. Electric circuit according to claim 7 or 8 wherein the turn-on signals on the switching elements are carried out by means of pulse width modulation. 10. Electric circuit according to claim 7 or 8 wherein the control unit contains at least one calculation module, comprising at least one programmable electronic device selected from a general purpose processor, a microcontroller, a digital signal processor (DSP), an application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) and a programmable card (FPGA). 11. Electric circuit according to claim 1 wherein the source of direct current is selected from a photovoltaic unit, an electro-chemical cell unit and a source of direct current. 12. Electric circuit according to claim 1, wherein the alternating current connection (4) that is directly connected to the direct current connection (2) is the neutral terminal. 