A light concentration device includes: a plate including two principal faces and an edge between the two principal faces, a refractive index gradient existing between the two principal faces, and a diffraction grating functioning in reflection or semi-reflection that cooperates with one of the principal faces of the plate having the highest refractive index, the principal face having the lowest refractive index forming a front entry face for the light, at least one exit zone for the light being disposed on the edge.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A light concentration device, comprising: a plate including two principal faces defining a thickness of the plate and an edge between the two principal faces, a refractive index gradient existing along the thickness of the plate; and a diffraction grating functioning in reflection or semi-reflection that cooperates with one of the principal faces of the plate having a highest refractive index, the principal face having a lowest refractive index forming a front entry face for the light, at least one exit zone for the light being disposed on the edge. 2. A light concentration device according to claim 1, in which the diffraction grating comprises unidimensional or bidimensional patterns. 3. A light concentration device according to claim 2, in which the unidimensional patterns are substantially parallel lines. 4. A light concentration device according to claim 3, in which the parallel lines are moldings with a triangular, quadrangular, trapezoidal, or rounded profile. 5. A light concentration device according to claim 2, in which the bidimensional patterns are cylindrically or conically shaped studs. 6. A light concentration device according to claim 2, in which the unidimensional patterns have a direction that is parallel to an edge of the principal face of the plate, the bidimensional patterns having an axis of symmetry that is parallel to an edge of a principal face of the plate. 7. A light concentration device according to claim 2, in which the unidimensional patterns have a direction that has an angle different from 0 and .pi./2 with respect to an edge of a principal face of the plate, the bidimensional patterns having an axis of symmetry that has an angle different from 0 and .pi./2 with respect of the principal face of the plate, or an angle equaling approximately arctan. 8. A light concentration device according to claim 2, in which the patterns of the diffraction grating have a substantially constant refractive index, greater than or equal to the highest refractive index of the plate. 9. A light concentration device according to claim 2, in which the patterns of the diffraction grating have a refractive index gradient between a principal face that cooperates with the plate and another principal face opposite to the one that cooperates with the plate. 10. A light concentration device according to claim 1, in which the diffraction grating comprises plural diffraction sub-gratings having patterns with different orientations. 11. A light concentration device according to claim 1, in which another plate with an index gradient, including two principal faces and an edge, and the plate with an index gradient form a sandwich in which the diffraction grating is situated, the diffraction grating being on the same side as the principal face having the highest refractive index of the another plate, the edge of the another plate including at least one light exit zone. 12. A light concentration device according to claim 1, in which the diffraction grating and the plate are produced from glass or a plastics material allowing light to pass or a polymer chosen from polystyrene, polymethyl methacrylate, or polycarbonate. 13. A light concentration device according to claim 12, in which the plastics material is loaded with nanoparticles based on silicon, titanium oxide, lead sulphide or an II-VI or III-V alloy for increasing its refractive index. 14. A light concentration device according to claim 1, in which the diffraction grating and the plate are flexible. 15. A photovoltaic device comprising a light concentration device according to claim 1 and a photovoltaic cell mounted on each exit zone. 16. A photovoltaic device according to claim 15, in which the photovoltaic cell includes a useful zone having dimensions that are substantially those of the exit zone on which it is mounted. 17. A light concentration device according to claim 1, in which the refractive index increases from the principal face that forms the front entry face to the principal face that cooperates with the diffraction grating. 18. A method of producing a light concentration device, said method comprising: obtaining a plate including two principal faces defining a thickness of the plate and an edge and having a refractive index increasing along the thickness of the plate, and situating a diffraction grating, functioning in reflection or semi-reflection, to cooperate with one of the principal faces of the plate having the highest refractive index, wherein at least one exit zone for the light is defined on the edge of the plate. 19. A method of producing a photovoltaic device, said method comprising: producing the light concentration device by the method according to claim 18, and mounting a photovoltaic cell facing each exit zone for light of the light concentration device. 