Exemplary embodiments of the invention relate to an optical transceiver module having a diagnostic communications link, wherein the link is configured to access diagnostic and other data contained within the transceiver controller via a backdoor interface. Controller data, including operational parameter values and module setup values, is accessible while the transceiver operates in conjunction with an external host and may be retrieved, and sometimes modified, in real time without interrupting normal transceiver operation or suspending the transmission of data over optical fibers. The data is accessed with an external user device via a backdoor interface on the outside of the transceiver module.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A transceiver module configured to interface with both a host system and a separate external device, the transceiver module comprising: a printed circuit board configured to interface with the host system; a memory electrically connected to the printed circuit board, the memory configured to store transceiver operating code; an optical transmitter assembly electrically connected to the printed circuit board, the optical transmitter assembly configured to connect to a network over a first port; an optical receiver assembly electrically connected to the printed circuit board, the optical receiver configured to connect to the network over a second port; a diagnostic port assembly communicatively connected to the printed circuit board, the diagnostic port assembly configured to enable the external device to interface with the transceiver while the optical transmitter assembly and the optical receiver assembly continue to operate over the network, the diagnostic port assembly further configured to receive as input updated transceiver operating code to be stored in the memory. 2. The transceiver module of claim 1, wherein the diagnostic port assembly comprises an electrical output component and an electrical input component. 3. The transceiver module of claim 1, wherein the diagnostic port assembly comprises an antenna, a transmitter and a receiver to interface with the external device wirelessly. 4. The transceiver module of claim 1, wherein the diagnostic port assembly comprises a second optical transmitter assembly and a second optical receiver assembly to communicate optically with the external device. 5. The transceiver module of claim 4, wherein the second optical transmitter assembly transmits data with a particular light emitting diode and the second optical receiver assembly receives data using photovoltaic properties of the light emitting diode. 6. The transceiver module of claim 1, wherein the diagnostic port assembly is further configured to generate as output and/or receive as input at least one of digital diagnostic data, adjusted setup values, identification information, eye safety and general fault detection information, temperature compensation functions, monitoring functions, power on time data, and margining data. 7. The transceiver module of claim 1, further comprising a controller for managing transceiver operation with operational parameter values and module setup values. 8. The transceiver module of claim 7, wherein the transceiver receives adjusted transceiver setup values and adjusted operational parameter values from the external user device over a diagnostic link that is independent of the network without interrupting normal transceiver operation or suspending the communication of payload data via the optical transmitter and optical receiver. 9. The transceiver module of claim 7, wherein the diagnostic port assembly is coupled to the controller through a universal asynchronous receiver/transmitter (UART. 10. The transceiver module of claim 1, wherein diagnostic port assembly includes a backdoor interface on the outside of the transceiver module. 11. The transceiver module of claim 7, wherein the controller receives analog measurements from several sensors, converts the analog signal to a digital value, performs comparison logic with digital values and predetermined setup data, and stores the digital operating condition values and the results of the comparison logic in the memory. 12. The transceiver module of claim 11, wherein access to the stored digital operating condition values and the results of the comparison logic are accessible by the external user device via the diagnostic port assembly. 13. The transceiver module of claim 7, wherein the controller is configured to store information regarding integrity of the optical link to the memory and makes the information regarding integrity of the optical link accessible to the external user device via the diagnostic port assembly. 14. The transceiver module of claim 7, wherein the controller is configured to store information regarding behavior of the optical signal to the memory and to make the information regarding behavior of the optical signal accessible to the external user device via the diagnostic port assembly. 15. The transceiver module of claim 7, wherein the controller is configured to receive an updated version of firmware from the external user device via the diagnostic port. 16. The transceiver module of claim 1, wherein the diagnostic port assembly includes an inter-integrated chip bus. 17. The transceiver module of claim 1, wherein the diagnostic port assembly includes an inter-integrated chip bus. 18. The transceiver module of claim 1, wherein the controller communicates wirelessly with the external device. 19. The transceiver module of claim 18, wherein the diagnostic port assembly includes a wireless device that differentiates the transceiver module from other transceiver modules. 20. The transceiver module of claim 1, wherein the diagnostic port assembly is configured to receive as input the updated transceiver operating code from the external device. 