A junction box for a solar panel comprises a housing, a lid, a first connector and a second connector. The housing comprises sidewalls and a top wall defining an interior space. The first coupling comprises a first contact element and the second coupling comprises a second contact element. Said contact elements penetrate at least one of the sidewalls, so that the contact elements provide an electrical contact from external contact elements to internal contact elements, such as solder tails. Internal contact elements are arranged at least partially in said interior space. The top wall comprises an opening extending only partially in said top wall. Said opening is located such in the top wall that access to said solder tails in a substantially perpendicular direction to the surface of a solar panel for connecting the solder tail to the solar panel is provided.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. Junction box for a solar panel comprising a housing comprising sidewalls and a top wall defining an interior space; a lid; a plurality of internal contact elements which are arranged at least partially in said interior space; a first coupling comprising a first contact element; and a second coupling comprising a second contact element; wherein one of said internal contact elements is in an electrical contact with said first contact element and one of said internal contact elements is in an electrical contact with said second contact element, wherein one of said contact elements penetrate at least one of the sidewalls, so that said contact element that penetrates the sidewall provides an electrical contact from external contact elements to said internal contact elements; wherein said top wall comprises an opening extending only partially in said top wall, such that access to said internal contact elements in a substantially perpendicular direction to the surface of a solar panel for connecting the internal contact elements to the solar panel is provided, and wherein the top wall comprises an outer sidewall that extends substantially perpendicular from the top wall and that surrounds substantially the outer circumference of the top wall, so that an overflow space is defined by the top wall and the outer sidewall. 2. Junction box according to claim 1, wherein the opening is substantially surrounded by an inner sidewall which extends substantially perpendicular from said top wall. 3. Junction box according to claim 1, wherein a filling material is injectable into the interior space through said opening, so that the interior space is fully filled with said filling material, and wherein the opening is closeable with the lid. 4. Junction box according to claim 1, wherein the lid comprises a wall extending substantially perpendicular to the lid and having a shape that fits into or around the opening in the top surface. 5. Junction box according to claim 1, wherein the lid comprises further embossments that are arranged such that they extend through the opening into the interior space when being mounted onto the housing, wherein due to said further embossments filling material is forced to flow through the opening into the overflow space, when said lid is mounted onto the housing filled with the filling material. 6. Junction box according to claim 1, wherein the first coupling and the second coupling are connected to sidewalls, wherein the sidewalls comprise holes in order to allow the contact element to extend into the interior space. 7. Junction box according to claim 6, wherein the first coupling extends along a first axis and the second coupling extends along a second axis, wherein a first external contact element is introducible into the first coupling along the first axis and a second external contact element is introducible into the second coupling along the second axis and wherein the first axis and the second axis are arranged such that they are angular with an angle .alpha. that is between 5.degree. and 170.degree. in a common plane. 8. Junction box according to claim 7, wherein in particular between 75.degree. and 125.degree.. 9. Junction box according to claim 8, wherein the common plane is parallel to a flange surrounding a bottom opening in the housing. 10. Junction box according to claim 1, wherein parts of the internal contact elements extend from the interior space through a bottom opening in the housing over the surface of the housing. 11. Junction box according to claim 1, wherein the internal contact elements comprise a resilient section, so that the parts of the internal contact elements that extend over a bottom opening in the housing are moveable with respect to the bottom opening. 12. Junction box according to claim 1, wherein the contact element of the first coupling is connected with a diode to the contact element of the second coupling, wherein the diode is arranged such that the diode is covered by parts of the top wall. 13. Method for manufacturing a junction box according to claim 1, wherein the method comprises the steps of providing the first coupling with a first contact element and the second coupling with a second contact element; connecting the first coupling and the second coupling with the housing; providing each of the internal contact elements with a solder tail; affixing the diode at the first contact element and at the second contact element. 14. Method for providing a solar panel with a junction box according to claim 1, wherein the method comprises the steps of: applying adhesive to the junction box base perimeter or flange; arranging the junction box on a surface of a solar panel module; affixing solder tail to contacts of a solar panel in a perpendicular direction; filling at least a portion of an interior space of the housing with a filling material; and mounting the lid on the top wall, so that parts of the lid, extend into the interior space of the housing. 15. Photovoltaic solar panel comprising at least a carrier layer and a solar cell that is arranged on the front side of said carrier layer, wherein a junction box according to claim 1, is arranged on the back side of said carrier layer. 16. Photovoltaic solar panel according to claim 15, wherein a bottom opening in the housing of the junction box faces the back side of said carrier layer and wherein the carrier layer comprises openings through which the solder elements are passed through to the solar cell. 17. Junction box according to claim 1, comprising a solder element for providing an electrical connection between a first electrical device and a second electrical device, wherein the solder element comprises a cylindrically shaped contact zone to be contacted to the first electrical device, a resilient zone and a cylindrically shaped transfer zone having a solder zone to be contacted to the second electrical device, wherein the axes of the contact zone and of the transfer zone are axially arranged in alignment of a longitudinal axis and wherein the resilient zone enables adjustment of the axial distance between the contact zone and the solder zone. 18. Junction box according to claim 17, wherein the resilient zone is arranged between the contact zone and the solder zone. 19. Junction box according to claim 17, wherein the resilient zone is designed as a bending structure, wherein bending of said bending structure results in said adjustment. 20. Junction box according to claim 17, wherein the resilient section comprises at least one resilient web. 21. Method for producing a junction box according claim 17, wherein the solder element is produced by a stamping or forming process. 22. Junction box according to claim 1, wherein said lid is arranged to cover at least said opening. 