A method and apparatus for charging a rechargeable battery comprises determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery. The battery is charged with a voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than the V.sub.safe. The charging voltage is removed and open circuit voltage of the battery is measured. The charging and measuring steps are repeated when the open circuit voltage is less than V.sub.safe, and the charging process is terminated when the open circuit voltage is substantially equal to V.sub.safe.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of charging a, the method comprising: (a) determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery; (b) charging the battery with a charging voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than the V.sub.safe; (c) removing the charging voltage V.sub.hv and measuring the open circuit voltage of the battery; and (d) repeating steps (b) and (c) when the open circuit voltage is less than V.sub.safe or terminating charging when the open circuit voltage is substantially equal to or greater than V.sub.safe. 2. A method according to claim 1 comprising providing a battery that includes a cathode comprising LiCoO.sub.2, and determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is from about 4.1 to about 4.2 volts. 3. A method according to claim 1 comprising providing a battery that includes a cathode comprising LiCoO.sub.2, and determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that provides a minimum battery 5-hour rate discharge capacity of at least about 70% of the initial capacity after at least about 1000 charge and 80%-depth discharge cycles of the battery. 4. A method according to claim 1 comprising providing a battery that includes a cathode comprising LiCoO.sub.2, and determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that provides a minimum battery 5-hour rate discharge capacity of at least about 70% of the initial capacity after at least about 3000 charge and 80%-depth discharge cycles of the battery. 5. A method according to claim 1 wherein the battery comprises an anode current collector and a cathode current collector, and wherein (b) comprises connecting a positive polarity of a direct current (DC) power source to the cathode current collector of the battery and connecting a negative polarity of the DC power source to the anode current collector of a rechargeable battery. 6. A method according to claim 1 comprising charging the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than the V.sub.safe by at least about 0.2 volts. 7. A method according to claim 1 comprising charging the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than the V.sub.safe by at least about 0.4 volts. 8. A method according to claim 1 comprising charging the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv of from about 4.4 to about 5 volts. 9. A method according to claim 1 comprising charging the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv of about 4.8 volts. 10. A method according to claim 1 wherein (b) comprises charging the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv for from about 5 to about 50 seconds. 11. A method according to claim 1 wherein (c) comprises waiting for a time period that is at least about 10% of the time period used to charge the battery before measuring the open circuit voltage of the battery. 12. A method according to claim 1 wherein (c) comprises waiting for a time period of from about 1 to about 5 seconds after removing the voltage, before measuring the open circuit voltage of the battery. 13. A method of charging a rechargeable battery, the method comprising: (a) determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery; (b) charging the battery with a charging voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than the V.sub.safe; (c) removing the charging voltage V.sub.hv and measuring the open circuit voltage of the battery; and (d) performing one of the following: (i) when the open circuit voltage is less than V.sub.safe, repeating steps (b) through (d); (ii) when the open circuit voltage is substantially equal to V.sub.safe, reducing the charging voltage by from about 0.1 to 0.3 volts, and then, repeating steps (b) through (d); or (iii) ending the charging process when the charging voltage V_hd hv is equal to or less than V.sub.safe. 14. A method of charging a rechargeable battery, the method comprising: (a) determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery; (b) determining an internal resistance R.sub.in of the battery; (c) charging the battery with a charging voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than V.sub.safe; (d) monitoring the charging current I.sub.crg of the battery; and (e) performing one of: (i) when V.sub.hv-I.sub.crg. X R.sub.in=V.sub.safe, reducing the charging voltage V.sub.hv by about 0.1 to about 0.3 volts, and repeating (c) through (e); or (ii) when the charging voltage V.sub.hv is equal to or less than V.sub.safe, ending the charging process. 15. A battery charging apparatus for charging a battery, the apparatus comprising: (a) a voltage charger that provides a direct current voltage suitable for charging a battery; (b) a voltmeter to measure the open circuit voltage of the battery and generate a voltage signal; (c) an ammeter to measure a current of the battery charging circuit and generate a current signal; and (d) a controller to regulate the voltage charger in response to the voltage signal from the voltmeter, the current signal from the ammeter, and a determination of the internal resistance of the battery, the controller comprising computer-readable code to: (1) determine a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery; (2) operate the voltage charger to charge the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than the V.sub.safe; (3) disconnect the voltage charger and use the voltmeter to measure the open circuit voltage of the battery; and (4) repeat (2) and (3) when the open circuit voltage is less than V.sub.safe, and terminate the charging process when the open circuit voltage is substantially equal to or greater than V.sub.safe. 16. An apparatus according to claim 15 comprising a resistance meter to generate a battery resistance signal representative of the internal resistance of the battery, and wherein the controller receives the battery resistance signal. 17. An apparatus according to claim 15 wherein the controller determines the internal resistance of the battery from the voltage signal from the voltmeter and the current signal from the ammeter. 18. An apparatus according to claim 15 wherein the voltage charger comprises one of (i) an external AC source connected to a rectifier, (ii) a DC voltage source, or (iii) a photovoltaic cell. 19. A battery charging apparatus for charging a battery, the apparatus comprising: (a) a voltage charger that provides a direct current voltage suitable for charging a battery; (b) a voltmeter to measure the open circuit voltage of the battery and generate a voltage signal; (c) an ammeter to measure a current of the battery and generate a current signal; and (d) a controller to regulate the voltage charger in response to the voltage signal from the voltmeter, the current signal from the ammeter, and a determination of the internal resistance of the battery, the controller comprising computer-readable code to: (1) determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery; (2) operate the voltage charger to charge the battery with a charging voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than the V.sub.safe; (3) remove the charging voltage and measure the open circuit voltage of the battery; and (4) perform one of the following: (i) when the open circuit voltage is less than V.sub.safe, repeat steps (2) through (4); (ii) when the open circuit voltage is substantially equal to V.sub.safe, reducing the charging voltage by from about 0.1 to 0.3 volts, and then, repeating (2) through (4); or (iii) ending the charging process when the charging voltage V.sub.hv is equal to or less than V.sub.safe. 20. A battery charging apparatus for charging a battery, the apparatus comprising (a) a voltage charger that provides a direct current voltage suitable for charging a battery; (b) a voltmeter to measure the open circuit voltage of the battery and generate a voltage signal; (c) an ammeter to measure a current of the circuit and generate a current signal; and (d) a controller to regulate the voltage charger in response to the voltage signal from the voltmeter, the current signal from the ammeter, and a determination of the internal resistance of the battery, the controller comprising computer-readable code to: (1) determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery; (2) determine an internal resistance R.sub.in of the battery; (3) operate the voltage charger to charge the battery with a charging voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than V.sub.safe; (4) monitor the charging current I.sub.crg of the battery; and (5) performing one of: (i) when V.sub.hv-l.sub.crg. .times.R.sub.in=V.sub.safe, reducing the charging voltage by about 0.1 to about 0.3 volts, and repeating (3) through (5); or (ii) when the charging voltage V.sub.hv is equal to or less than V.sub.safe, ending the charging process. 21. A method according to claim 13 comprising providing a battery that includes a cathode comprising LiCoO.sub.2, and determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is at least one of the following: (i) from about 4.1 to about 4.2 volts; and (ii) provides a battery 5-hour rate discharge capacity of at least about 70% of the initial capacity after at least about 1000 charge and 80%-depth discharge cycles of the battery. 22. A method according to claim 13 wherein (b) comprises charging the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv which is one of: (i) higher than the V.sub.safe by at least about 0.2 volts; (ii) higher than the V.sub.safe by at least about 0.4 volts; or (iii) from about 4.4 to about 5 volts. 23. A method according to claim 13 wherein (b) comprises charging the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv for from about 5 to about 50 seconds. 24. A method according to claim 13 wherein (c) comprises waiting for a time period before measuring the open circuit voltage of the battery, the waiting time period being at least one of: (i) about 10% of the time period used to charge the battery; and (ii) from about 1 to about 5 seconds after removing the charging voltage from the battery. 25. A method according to claim 14 comprising providing a battery that includes a cathode comprising LiCoO.sub.2, and determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is at least one of the following: (i) from about 4.1 to about 4.2 volts; and (ii) provides a battery 5-hour rate discharge capacity of at least about 70% of the initial capacity after at least about 1000 charge and 80%-depth discharge cycles of the battery. 26. A method according to claim 14 wherein (b) comprises charging the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv which is one of: (i) higher than the V.sub.safe by at least about 0.2 volts; (ii) higher than the V.sub.safe by at least about 0.4 volts; or (iii) from about 4.4 to about 5 volts. 27. A method according to claim 14 wherein (b) comprises charging the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv for from about 5 to about 50 seconds. 28. A method according to claim 14 wherein (c) comprises waiting for a time period before measuring the open circuit voltage of the battery, the waiting time period being at least one of: (i) about 10% of the time period used to charge the battery; or (ii) from about 1 to about 5 seconds after removing the charging voltage from the battery. 29. An apparatus according to claim 19 comprising a resistance meter to generate a battery resistance signal representative of the internal resistance of the battery, and wherein the controller receives the battery resistance signal. 30. An apparatus according to claim 19 wherein the controller determines the internal resistance of the battery from the voltage signal from the voltmeter and the current signal from the ammeter. 31. An apparatus according to claim 19 wherein the voltage charger comprises one of (i) an external AC source connected to a rectifier, (ii) a DC voltage source, or (iii) a photovoltaic cell. 32. An apparatus according to claim 20 comprising a resistance meter to generate a battery resistance signal representative of the internal resistance of the battery, and wherein the controller receives the battery resistance signal. 33. An apparatus according to claim 20 wherein the controller determines the internal resistance of the battery from the voltage signal from the voltmeter and the current signal from the ammeter. 34. An apparatus according to claim 20 wherein the voltage charger comprises one of (i) an external AC source connected to a rectifier, (ii) a DC voltage source, or (iii) a photovoltaic cell. 35. A method of charging a rechargeable battery, the method comprising: (a) determining a safe charging voltage .sub.Vsafe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery; (b) determining an internal resistance R.sub.in of the battery; (c) charging the battery with a charging voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than V.sub.safe while monitoring the charging current l.sub.ug of the battery, until the charging current l.sub.ug is equal to or less than a cutoff current l.sub.c, where l.sub.c=(V.sub.hv -V.sub.safe)/R.sub.in; (d) reducing the charging voltage V.sub.hv to a reduced charging voltage when the charging current is equal to or less than l.sub.c. 36. A method according to claim 35 further comprising: (e) recalculating the cutoff current l.sub.c from the reduced charging voltage to determine a new cutoff current; (f) continuing charging the battery with the reduced charging voltage until the new cutoff current is reached; (g) repeating steps (c) to (f) and ending the charging process when the charging voltage V.sub.hv is equal to or less than V.sub.safe. 37. A method according to claim 35 wherein in (c), V.sub.hv is from about 4.4V to about 5V. 38. A method according to claim 35 wherein in (a), V.sub.safe is typically from about 4.1 V to about 4.4V. 39. A method according to claim 35 wherein in (c) the charging voltage V.sub.hv is higher than V.sub.safe but not high enough to cause a phase change in a cathode of the battery. 40. A method of charging a battery, the method comprising: (a) determining a safe charging voltage .sub.Vsafe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery; (b) charging the battery with a charging voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than the V.sub.safe; (c) measuring an open circuit voltage of the battery after removing the charging voltage V.sub.hv and waiting for a time period; and (d) repeating steps (b) and (c) when the measured open circuit voltage is less than V.sub.safe or terminating charging when the open circuit voltage is substantially equal to or greater than V.sub.safe. 41. A method according to claim 40 wherein (b) comprises charging the battery with a charging voltage V.sub.hv for a time period, and (c) comprises measuring an open circuit voltage of the battery after removing the charging voltage V.sub.hv and waiting for a time period that is at least about 10% of the time period for charging the battery. 42. A method according to claim 40 wherein (c) comprises waiting for a time period of from about 1 to about 5 seconds after removing the voltage V.sub.hv, before measuring the open circuit voltage of the battery. 43. A method according to claim 40 comprising reducing the charging voltage V.sub.hv by from about 0.1 to about 0.3V, each time steps (b) to (d) are repeated. 44. A method of charging a battery, the method comprising: (a) determining a safe charging voltage .sub.Vsafe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery; (b) charging the battery with a charging voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than the V.sub.safe; (c) measuring the open circuit voltage of the battery after removing the charging voltage V.sub.hv and waiting for a time period; (d) repeating steps (b) and (c) and stopping charging when the measured open circuit voltage is greater than or equal to V.sub.safe for another time period; and (e) charging the battery with a voltage that is .sub.Vsafe until the battery current drops to a preset value. 45. A method according to claim 44 wherein the preset value is battery current is 0.1C-rate. 46. A method according to claim 1 wherein the battery comprises a cathode, and wherein (b) comprises charging the battery with a charging voltage V.sub.hv which is selected in relation to the thickness of the thickness of the cathode. 47. A method of charging a battery, the method comprising: (a) determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe for the battery that is capable of providing at least a predetermined battery capacity after a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery; and (b) charging the battery with a charging voltage V.sub.hv; (c) removing the charging voltage V.sub.hv, and after a time period, measuring the open circuit voltage of the battery; and (d) terminating charging of the battery when the measured open circuit voltage is substantially equal to or greater than V.sub.safe. 48. A method according to claim 47 wherein (c) comprises waiting for a time period that is at least about 10% of the time period used to charge the battery. 