A circuit with series-connected solar modules separated into a first and second substring, wherein each substring includes a first and a second terminal, and a solar inverter configured to supply electrical energy from the solar modules to an AC power grid. The circuit includes a first switch coupled to the first terminal of the first substring to a first power cable of the inverter, and a second switch coupled to the second terminal of the first substring to a first terminal of the second substring at a center point, thereby coupling the first and second substrings to form at least one string. The circuit further includes a third switch couple to second terminal of the second substring, and a shared actuator to open the first switch, second switch, and third switch if a current between the center point and a circuit ground exceeds a threshold value.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A circuit arrangement in combination with a first string of series-connected solar modules separated into a first substring and a second substring, wherein each substring comprises a first terminal and a second terminal, and further in combination with a solar inverter configured to supply electrical energy from the solar modules to an AC power grid, comprising: a first switch configured to selectively couple the first terminal of the first substring to a first power cable of the inverter; a second switching circuit configured to selectively couple the second terminal of the first substring to a first terminal of the second substring at a center point, thereby coupling the first and second substrings to form the at least one string; a third switch configured to selectively couple the second terminal of the second substring to a second power cable of the inverter; a shared actuator configured to open the first switch, the second switching circuit, and the third switch if a current between the center point and a circuit ground exceeds a threshold value; and a second string of series-connected solar modules with first and second substrings selectively coupled to a further center point, wherein the center point of the second string is connected to the center point of the first string by a shared potential bus bar. 2. The circuit arrangement of claim 1, wherein the second switching circuit comprises a first substring switch configured to selectively couple the second terminal of the first substring to the center point, and a second substring switch configured to selectively couple the first terminal of the second substring to the center point. 3. The circuit arrangement of claim 1, further comprising a soft grounding circuit selectively coupled to the shared potential bus bar through a soft grounding circuit switch, wherein the soft grounding circuit is configured to output an indication signal when a current greater than the threshold value conducts therethrough, and wherein the center points of the first and second strings of series-connected solar modules are selectively coupled to the shared potential bus bar through one or more first and second substring ground switches, respectively. 4. The circuit arrangement of claim 3, wherein the soft grounding circuit is further configured to trigger an opening of the one or more of the first and second substring ground switches upon an output of the indication signal. 5. The circuit arrangement of claim 3, wherein the soft grounding circuit is further configured to trigger an opening of the soft grounding circuit switch when a current greater than the threshold value conducts therethrough. 6. The circuit arrangement of claim 1, further comprising: a first substring ground switch configured to selectively couple the center point of the first string of series-connected solar modules to the shared potential bus bar; a second substring ground switch configured to selectively coupled the center point of the second string of series-connected solar modules to the shared potential bus bar; a controller configured to transmit a control signal to the shared actuator when the ground current associated with the center point exceeds the threshold value; and the controller further configured to maintain the first switch, the second switching circuit, and the third switch open, while closing the soft grounding circuit switch, and then successively closing the first substring ground switch and the second substring ground switch to ascertain a ground fault associated with one of the first and second substrings based on a current detected by the soft grounding circuit. 7. The circuit arrangement of claim 1, further comprising: a circuit breaker connected to the shared potential bus bar, and configured to disconnect the shared potential bus bar from the circuit ground and generate an indication signal when a current between the shared potential bus bar and the circuit ground exceeds the threshold value. 8. The circuit arrangement of claim 1, wherein the first and second substring ground switches are physically located within an enclosure of the inverter. 9. The circuit arrangement of claim 1, wherein the center point is connected to the circuit ground at a connection point within an enclosure of the inverter. 10. A circuit arrangement in combination with a first string of series-connected solar modules separated into a first substring and a second substring, wherein each substring comprises a first terminal and a second terminal, and further in combination with a solar inverter configured to supply electrical energy from the solar modules to an AC power grid, comprising: a first switch configured to selectively couple the first terminal of the first substring to a first power cable of the inverter; a second switching circuit configured to selectively couple the second terminal of the first substring to a first terminal of the second substring at a center point, thereby coupling the first and second substrings to form the at least one string; a third switch configured to selectively couple the second terminal of the second substring to a second power cable of the inverter; a shared actuator configured to open the first switch, the second switching circuit, and the third switch if a current between the center point and a circuit ground exceeds a threshold value; and a circuit breaker coupled to the center point, and configured to create an open circuit between the center point and the circuit ground, and trigger the shared actuator if the current exceeds the maximum threshold value. 11. A solar system arrangement, comprising: a first string of series-connected solar modules separated into a first substring and a second substring, wherein each substring comprises a first terminal and a second terminal; a solar inverter configured to supply electrical energy from the solar modules to an AC power grid; a switching control network operatively coupled to the first string of series-connected solar modules and the solar inverter, comprising: a first switch configured to selectively couple the first terminal of the first substring to a first power cable of the inverter; a second switching circuit configured to selectively couple the second terminal of the first substring to a first terminal of the second substring at a center point, thereby coupling the first and second substrings to form the at least one string; a third switch configured to selectively couple the second terminal of the second substring to a second power cable of the inverter; and a shared actuator configured to open the first switch, the second switching circuit, and the third switch if a current between the center point and a circuit ground exceeds a threshold value; and a second string of series-connected solar modules with first and second substrings selectively coupled to a further center point, wherein the center point of the second string is connected to the center point of the first string by a shared potential bus bar. 12. The solar system arrangement of claim 11, wherein the second switching circuit comprises a first substring switch configured to selectively couple the second terminal of the first substring to the center point, and a second substring switch configured to selectively couple the first terminal of the second substring to the center point. 13. The solar system arrangement of claim 11, further comprising a soft grounding circuit selectively coupled to the shared potential bus bar through a soft grounding circuit switch, wherein the soft grounding circuit is configured to output an indication signal when a ground current greater than the threshold value conducts therethrough, and wherein the center points of the first and second strings of series-connected solar modules are selectively coupled to the shared potential bus bar through one or more first and second substring ground switches, respectively. 14. The solar system arrangement of claim 13, wherein the soft grounding circuit is further configured to trigger an opening of the one or more of the first and second substring ground switches and the soft grounding circuit switch when a current greater than the threshold value conducts therethrough. 15. The solar system arrangement of claim 11, further comprising: a first substring ground switch configured to selectively couple the center point of the first string of series-connected solar modules to the shared potential bus bar; a second substring ground switch configured to selectively coupled the center point of the second string of series-connected solar modules to the shared potential bus bar; a controller configured to transmit a control signal to the shared actuator when the ground current associated with the center point exceeds the threshold value; and the controller further configured to maintain the first switch, the second switching circuit, and the third switch open, while closing the soft grounding circuit switch, and then successively closing the first substring ground switch and the second substring ground switch to ascertain a ground fault associated with one of the first and second substrings based on a current detected by the soft grounding circuit. 16. The solar system arrangement of claim 11, further comprising: a circuit breaker connected to the shared potential bus bar, and configured to disconnect the shared potential bus bar from the circuit ground and generate an indication signal when a current between the shared potential bus bar and the circuit ground exceeds the threshold value. 17. The solar system arrangement of claim 11, wherein the first and second substring ground switches are physically located within an enclosure of the inverter. 18. The solar system arrangement of claim 11, wherein the center point is connected to the circuit ground potential at a connection point within an enclosure of the inverter. 19. A solar system arrangement, comprising: a first string of series-connected solar modules separated into a first substring and a second substring, wherein each substring comprises a first terminal and a second terminal; a solar inverter configured to supply electrical energy from the solar modules to an AC power grid; a switching control network operatively coupled to the first string of series-connected solar modules and the solar inverter, comprising: a first switch configured to selectively couple the first terminal of the first substring to a first power cable of the inverter; a second switching circuit configured to selectively couple the second terminal of the first substring to a first terminal of the second substring at a center point, thereby coupling the first and second substrings to form the at least one string; a third switch configured to selectively couple the second terminal of the second substring to a second power cable of the inverter; and a shared actuator configured to open the first switch, the second switching circuit, and the third switch if a current between the center point and a circuit ground exceeds a threshold value; and a circuit breaker coupled to the center point, and configured to create an open circuit between the center point and the circuit ground, and trigger the shared actuator if the ground current associated with the center point exceeds the maximum threshold value. 20. A method to locate a ground fault condition within a circuit arrangement comprising a first and a second string of series-connected solar modules, each string separated into a first substring and a second substring selectively coupled to each other at a center point by a second switching circuit, wherein each string is configured to be selectively coupled to power cables of a solar inverter configured to supply electrical energy from the solar modules to an AC power grid by corresponding first and third switches, the center points of the first and the second string being interconnected by a shared potential bus bar, the method comprising: determining a current between the shared potential bus bar and a circuit ground; opening the second switching circuit and the first and third switches of the first string and the second string, if the current exceeds the threshold value; successively reconnecting the first string and the second string to the power cable of the inverter and the shared potential bus bar while monitoring the current to identify the string in which the ground fault condition is present. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein successively reconnecting the first and second strings comprises individually reconnecting the substrings of the one of the first and second strings to the power cables and the shared potential bus bar. 