A minimal, ballasted roof mounting system and method are provided. The mounting system has a staggered interlocking mounting structure, movable anchors, aerodynamic deflectors that also act as thermal chimneys and grounding of the solar panels without external wiring.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic solar panel system, comprising: a mounting frame having an end portion that secures two or more solar panels in a row to each other at an adjustable angle relative to a surface wherein the mounting frame is not secured to the surface and has a base pan and one or more upright portions connected to the base pan that adjust the angle of the two or more solar panels relative to the surface; a second mounting frame having an end portion that secures two or more solar panels in a row to each other at an adjustable angle relative to a surface and has a base pan and one or more upright portions connected to the base pan that adjust the angle of the two or more solar panels relative to the surface; and an attachment mechanism that secures the mounting frame and the second mounting frame to each other to provide lateral rigidity to the photovoltaic solar panel system wherein the attachment mechanism secures the mounting frame and the second mounting frame so that the end portion of the mounting frame is staggered relative to the end portion of the second mounting frame. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the base pan is rectangular. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the attachment mechanism further comprises a bolt and a nut. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the surface further comprises a flat roof. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the base pan further comprises a channel along the length of the base pan and a weight that can be placed into the channel to provide ballast for the mounting frame wherein the weight can be moved along the length of the base pan to adjust the ballasting of the mounting frame. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the mounting frame and the second mounting frame each further comprise a deflector that prevents air from lifting the two or more solar panels off of the surface. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the deflector further comprises a thermal chimney structure that directs thermal energy from a bottom surface of the two or more solar panels out from the mounting frame. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein each solar panel further comprises a splice and wherein the mounting frame and the second mounting frame each further comprise a tab that secures each splice of each solar panel to the mounting frame. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the splice grounds the solar panel and wherein the mounting frame and the second mounting frame form a grounding path from each solar panel to the mounting frame. 10. A photovoltaic solar panel system, comprising: a mounting frame having an end portion that secures two or more solar panels in a row to each other at an adjustable angle relative to a surface wherein the mounting frame is not secured to the surface, the mounting frame further comprising a base pan and one or more upright portions connected to the base pan that adjust the angle of the two or more solar panels relative to the surface; a second mounting frame having an end portion that secures two or more solar panels in a row to each other at an adjustable angle relative to a surface, the second mounting frame further comprising a base pan and one or more upright portions connected to the base pan that adjust the angle of the two or more solar panels relative to the surface; an attachment mechanism that secures the mounting frame and the second mounting frame to each other to provide lateral rigidity to the photovoltaic solar panel system; and wherein each base pan further comprises a channel along the length of the base pan and a weight that can be placed into the channel to provide ballast for the mounting frame wherein the weight can be moved along the length of the base pan to adjust the ballasting of the mounting frame. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the base pan is rectangular. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the attachment mechanism further comprises a bolt and a nut. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the surface further comprises a flat roof. 14. The system of claim 10, wherein each solar panel further comprises a splice and wherein the mounting frame and the second mounting frame each further comprise a tab that secures each splice of each solar panel to the mounting frame. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the splice grounds the solar panel and wherein the mounting frame and the second mounting frame form a grounding path from each solar panel to the mounting frame. 16. A photovoltaic solar panel system, comprising: a mounting frame having an end portion that secures two or more solar panels in a row to each other at an adjustable angle relative to a surface wherein the mounting frame is not secured to the surface, the mounting frame further comprising a base pan, one or more upright portions connected to the base pan that adjust the angle of the two or more solar panels relative to the surface and a deflector that prevents air from lifting the two or more solar panels off of the surface wherein the deflector further comprises a thermal chimney structure that directs thermal energy from a bottom surface of the two or more solar panels out from the mounting frame; a second mounting frame having an end portion that secures two or more solar panels in a row to each other at an adjustable angle relative to a surface, the second mounting frame further comprising a base pan, one or more upright portions connected to the base pan that adjust the angle of the two or more solar panels relative to the surface and a deflector that prevents air from lifting the two or more solar panels off of the surface wherein the deflector further comprises a thermal chimney structure that directs thermal energy from a bottom surface of the two or more solar panels out from the mounting frame; and an attachment mechanism that secures the mounting frame and the second mounting frame to each other to provide lateral rigidity to the photovoltaic solar panel system. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the base pan is rectangular. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein the attachment mechanism further comprises a bolt and a nut. 19. The system of claim 16, wherein the surface further comprises a flat roof. 20. The system of claim 16, wherein each solar panel further comprises a splice that grounds the solar panel, wherein the mounting frame and the second mounting frame each further comprise a tab that secures each splice of each solar panel to the mounting frame so that a grounding path from each solar panel to the mounting frame is established. 