An apparatus for preventing bird collisions with a window including a UV light source, a mask, and a first lens configured to direct UV light from the UV light source through the mask. The mask is at least partially transparent to UV light and includes a pattern that is at least partially opaque to UV light. The UV light passing through the mask contains the pattern. The pattern-containing UV light is projected onto a pane of glass to form a UV image visible to birds corresponding to the pattern on the pane. The image is configured to deter birds from flying into the pane of glass.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An apparatus for preventing bird collisions with a window, the apparatus comprising: an ultraviolet (UV) light source; a mask that is at least partially transparent to UV light including a pattern that is at least partially opaque to UV light; a first lens configured to direct UV light from the UV light source through the mask, wherein the UV light passing through the mask contains the pattern, wherein the pattern-containing UV light is projected onto a pane of glass to form a UV image visible to birds corresponding to the pattern on the pane of glass and configured to deter birds from flying into the pane of glass; a first circuit comprising a first coil coupled to the UV light source; and a power circuit comprising a power supply and a second coil electromagnetically coupled to first circuit through the pane; wherein the power supply supplies an electric current to the second coil to induce a magnetic flux in the second coil and the magnetic flux from the second coil induces an electric current in the first coil. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the UV light source comprises a light emitting diode (LED). 3. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a circuit for pulsing the LED. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the mask is a photo mask. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a mirror configured to reflect the pattern-containing light passing through the mask onto an exterior surface of the pane of glass. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, further comprising a second lens configured to receive the pattern-containing UV light passing through the mask and direct the pattern-containing UV light onto the mirror. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, further comprising a housing, the housing comprising: a base portion configured to contain a PCB upon which the UV light source is mounted; a column portion configured to contain the first lens, the second lens, and the mirror; and an opening transparent to UV light opposite the mirror configured to allow the projection of the pattern-containing UV light from the mirror onto the pane. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the housing is configured to be mounted to the pane of glass by a mounting means. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising at least one of a photovoltaic panel and a battery coupled to the UV light source to provide power to the UV light source. 10. A method of preventing bird collisions with a pane of glass, the method comprising: generating ultraviolet (UV) light at a UV light source; directing the UV light through a mask with a first lens, wherein the mask is at least partially transparent to UV light and includes a pattern that is at least partially opaque to UV light, the UV light passing through the mask including the pattern; and projecting the pattern-containing UV light onto a pane of glass to form an image visible to birds configured to deter birds from flying into the pane of glass, wherein projecting the pattern-containing light from the mirror onto the pane of glass comprises projecting the pattern-containing UV light at an angle of incidence to an exterior surface of the pane low enough to cause the pattern-containing light to reflect off of the exterior surface of the pane. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein generating UV light comprises pulsing a high-intensity light emitting diode (LED). 12. The method of claim 10, wherein projecting the pattern-containing UV light onto the pane of glass comprises reflecting the pattern-containing UV light onto an exterior surface of the pane of glass with a mirror. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising receiving the pattern-containing UV light from the mask at a second lens and directing the pattern-containing light onto the mirror. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising: supplying electric current from a power supply to a first coil of wire, the first coil of wire being positioned on a side of the pane of glass opposite of the UV light source; receiving at a second coil of wire coupled to the UV light source a magnetic flux from the first coil of wire; and inducing a current in the second coil of wire to provide power to the UV light source. 15. The method of claim 12, wherein the pattern of UV light projected onto the pane of glass covers the reflecting surface of the pane of glass. 16. The method of claim 10, further comprising providing power to the UV light source using a photovoltaic panel coupled to the UV light source. 17. The method of claim 10, further comprising providing power to the UV light source using a battery coupled to the UV light source. 18. The method of claim 10, wherein the mask is a photo mask. 