An automated method to monitor performance of a terrestrial solar cell array tracking the sun. The solar cell system includes drive means that adjust a position of the array along different respective axes with respect to the sun using the drive means. The techniques include predicting the position of the sun during a time period, and sampling an output parameter of the array indicative of performance. The sampled data may be used to identify a fault in the solar cell array, for example a misalignment or a failure of one or more solar cells, in which case a notification of that fault may be generated for the operator or a control signal may be output for correcting the fault. Alternatively, an output signal may be sent to an external system associated with the solar cell system. Various alignment testing routines for checking the solar tracking are described. These routines may involve moving a solar cell array to a reference position at the start of, or during, an alignment routine in order to improve accuracy of position measurement during the routine.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An automated method of monitoring a photovoltaic solar cell array of a terrestrial solar cell system that tracks the sun, the solar cell array including a plurality of solar cells, the system comprising two drive means each of which is operable to adjust a position of the solar cell array about a respective different axis, the method comprising: predicting a position of the sun during the course of the day using a sun position predictor and determining respective actuations for the drive means corresponding to the solar cell array being substantially aligned with the sun during the course of the day; sampling a power and/or current output of the entire plurality of solar cells to monitor the performance of the solar cell array; moving, using one of the two drive means, the plurality of solar cells from a first position to a second position a first predetermined amount to one side of the first position, and sampling the output power and/or current at the second position; moving, using said one of the two drive means, the plurality of solar cells to a third position a second predetermined amount to the other side of the first position, and sampling the output power and/or current at the third position; and determining a fourth position using the sampled output power and/or current at the second and third positions, the fourth position corresponding to a prediction of the position at which the output parameter power and/or current has a maximum value. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the first predetermined amount is equal to the second predetermined amount, and wherein said determination of the fourth position comprises calculating a weighted average of the second and third positions using weighting factors corresponding to the sampled output power and/or current at the second and third positions. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein said moving from the first position to the second position comprises moving the plurality of solar cells to a reference position, and then moving the plurality of solar cells from the reference position to the second position. 4. An automated method of monitoring a photovoltaic solar cell array of a terrestrial solar cell system that tracks the sun, the solar cell array including a plurality of solar cells, the system comprising two drive means each of which is operable to adjust a position of the solar cell array about a respective different axis, the method comprising: predicting a position of the sun during the course of the day using a sun position predictor and determining respective actuations for the drive means corresponding to the solar cell array being substantially aligned with the sun during the course of the day; sampling a power and/or current output of the entire plurality of solar cells to monitor the performance of the solar cell array; moving, using one of the two drive means, the plurality of solar cells from a first position to a second position to one side of the first position, said second position corresponding to a first predetermined decrease in the output power and/or current; moving, using said one of the two drive means, the plurality of solar cells to a third position to the other side of the first position, said third position also corresponding to a second predetermined decrease in the output power and/or current; and determining a fourth position using the second and third positions, the fourth position corresponding to a prediction of the position at which the output parameter power and/or current has a maximum value. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein the first predetermined decrease is equal to the second predetermined decrease, and wherein the fourth position is midway between the second and third positions. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein said moving from the first position to the second position comprises moving the plurality of solar cells to a reference position, and then moving the plurality of solar cells from the reference position to the second position. 