A solar electricity system, comprising a solar collection surface adapted to convert light into DC electricity; a power inverter to convert the DC electricity into AC electricity; and a power cable connected to the power inverter, the power cable comprising a male plug on its distal end adapted to mate with a female power receptacle on a building structure.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar electricity system, comprising: a solar collection surface adapted to convert light into DC electricity; a power inverter to convert the DC electricity into AC electricity; and a power cable connected to the power inverter, the power cable comprising a male plug on its distal end adapted to mate with a female power receptacle on a building structure, wherein the male plug is selected from the group consisting of a 110 volt U.S. Type B plug, a 110 volt Nema 5-15 plug, a 110 volt Nema 5-20 plug, a 220 volt Nema 14-30 plug, a 220 volt Nema 14-50 plug, a 220 volt Nema L14-20 plug, and a 220 volt Nema L14-30 plug; the power inverter comprising a female power receptacle; a second solar collection surface adapted to convert light into DC electricity; a second power inverter to convert the DC electricity into AC electricity; and a second male power cable connected to the second power inverter, the second male power cable comprising a second male plug on its distal end adapted to mate with the female power receptacle on the power inverter. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising a second female power cable connected to the power inverter, the second power cable comprising the female power receptacle on its distal end. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the male plug comprises a 110 volt U.S. Type B plug comprising a hot, a neutral, and a ground prong. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the male plug comprises a 220 volt Nema 14-30 or Nema 14-50 plug comprising two hot, a neutral, and a ground prong. 5. The system of claim 2, wherein the female receptacle comprises a 110 volt U.S. Type B receptacle comprising a hot, a neutral, and a ground slot. 6. The system of claim 1, further comprising a water heating system comprising a thermally conductive water conduit at least partially wrapped around the power inverter, the water conduit adapted to receive heat from the power inverter and heat the water flowing therethrough. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein a first portion of the water conduit is wrapped around the power inverter, and a second portion of the water conduit is mounted to a bottom side of the solar collection surface. 8. The system of claim 1, further comprising a mounting bracket connected to each corner of the solar collection surface, each mounting bracket comprising a hole therethrough adapted to receive a fastener to mount the system to a building structure. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein at least one of the mounting brackets are pivotally connected to the corner of the solar collection surface. 10. A method of generating electricity, comprising: mounting a solar electricity system on a roof of a building structure, the solar electricity system comprising a solar collection surface adapted to convert light into DC electricity; a power inverter to convert the DC electricity into AC electricity; and a power cable connected to the power inverter, the power cable comprising a male plug on its distal end plugging the male plug into a female power receptacle on the building structure; and exposing the solar collection surface to sunlight, wherein the male plug is selected from the group consisting of a 110 volt U.S. Type B plug, a 110 volt Nema 5-15 plug, a 110 volt Nema 5-20 plug, a 220 volt Nema 14-30 plug, a 220 volt Nema 14-50 plug, a 220 volt Nema L14-20 plug, and a 220 volt Nema L14-30 plug; a female power receptacle connected to the power inverter, further comprising creating a daisychain of multiple solar electricity systems by plugging the male plug of a first solar electricity system into a female receptacle of a second solar electricity system. 