A system for generating electrical power from solar radiation utilizing a thin film III-V compound multijunction semiconductor solar cell mounted on a support in a non-planar configuration.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell assembly comprising a solar cell including a thin flexible film semiconductor body formed from III-V compound semiconductors including: a first solar subcell having a first band gap, a second solar subcell disposed over the first subcell and having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap, a grading interlayer composed of InGaAlAs and disposed over the second subcell in said body and having a third band gap greater than the second band gap, and a third solar subcell over said interlayer in the body and being lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell and having a fourth band gap smaller than the third band gap; and a non-planar support for mounting the solar cell, wherein the solar cell is shaped to conform to a non-planar surface of the non-planar support. 2. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 1, wherein said support is attached to a heat spreader. 3. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 2, wherein the heat spreader is a metal structure with cooling fins. 4. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 1, wherein said support is a portion of a solar concentrator that forms a Cassegrain reflector. 5. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 1, wherein the grading interlayer has a substantially constant band gap. 6. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 5 wherein the constant band gap of the grading interlayer is 1.5 eV. 7. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 1, wherein the grading interlayer has a monotonically changing lattice constant. 8. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 7, wherein the grading interlayer is a compositionally step-graded InGaAlAs series of layers with monotonically changing lattice constant. 9. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein the first solar subcell includes an InGa(Al)P emitter region and an InGa(Al)P base region. 10. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein the second solar subcell includes an InGaP emitter layer. 11. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 10 wherein the second solar subcell further includes an InGaAs base layer. 12. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 11 wherein the InGaAs base layer is composed of In.sub.0.015GaAs. 13. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 1 wherein the third solar subcell includes emitter and base layers composed of InGaAs. 14. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 13 wherein the InGaAs base layers are composed of In.sub.0.30GaAs. 15. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 1 further comprising: a tunnel diode disposed over the second solar subcell, and a buffer layer disposed between the tunnel diode and the grading interlayer. 16. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 15 wherein the buffer layer between the tunnel diode and the grading interlayer is composed of InGaAs. 17. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 15 wherein the buffer layer has a thickness of about 1.0 micron. 18. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 1 further including a metal contact layer over the third solar subcell. 19. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 18, wherein the metal contact layer includes a sequence of Ti/Au/Ag/Au layers. 20. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 19, wherein the grading interlayer is a compositionally step-graded InGaAlAs series of layers with monotonically changing lattice constant that achieves a transition in lattice constant from the second solar subcell to the third solar subcell. 