A photovoltaic (PV) module including a PV device and a frame, The PV device has a PV laminate defining a perimeter and a major plane. The frame is assembled to and encases the laminate perimeter, and includes leading, trailing, and side frame members, and an arm that forms a support face opposite the laminate. The support face is adapted for placement against a horizontal installation surface, to support and orient the laminate in a non-parallel or tilted arrangement. Upon final assembly, the laminate and the frame combine to define a unitary structure. The frame can orient the laminate at an angle in the range of 3.degree.-7.degree. from horizontal, and can be entirely formed of a polymeric material. Optionally, the arm incorporates integral feature(s) that facilitate interconnection with corresponding features of a second, identically formed PV module.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic module system kit for non-penetrating installation at a substantially flat surface, the kit comprising: first and second photovoltaic modules each including: a photovoltaic device including a photovoltaic laminate, and a frame assembled to and surrounding the photovoltaic laminate to define a unitary structure, the frame including an arm integral with the frame and forming a planar support face for placement against a separate installation surface, wherein the kit is configured to provide a storage state in which the frame of the first photovoltaic module is placed against the frame of the second photovoltaic module such that the respective photovoltaic laminates are parallel, the arm of the first photovoltaic module being transversely off-set from the frame of the second photovoltaic module, wherein the storage state further includes the arm of the second photovoltaic module received within a trough of the arm of the first photovoltaic module. 2. The kit of claim 1, further comprising: a first coupling device associated with the first photovoltaic module for mounting of the first photovoltaic module as part of a non-penetrating array; and a second coupling device associated with the second photovoltaic module for mounting of the second photovoltaic module as part of a non-penetrating array; wherein the first and second coupling devices are identical. 3. The kit of claim 2, wherein the coupling site of the adjacent photovoltaic module is an arm of a frame of the adjacent photovoltaic module. 4. The kit of claim 1, wherein the frame is configured such that when the planar support face is installed on a flat surface of the separate installation surface, a major plane of the photovoltaic laminate is oriented at a non-parallel angle relative to the flat surface. 5. The kit of claim 1, wherein, upon final assembly, the photovoltaic laminate and the frame combine to define a unitary structure, and wherein the unitary structure is configured such that the frame cannot be disassembled from the photovoltaic laminate without destroying the frame. 6. The kit of claim 1, wherein the frame is formed of a polymeric material. 7. The kit of claim 1, wherein the frame comprises a frame member that is I-shaped in cross-section. 8. The kit of claim 1, wherein the frame comprises a first side frame member and a trailing frame member, and wherein the first side frame member includes a first connector configured for press-fit assembly with a corresponding, second connector of the trailing frame member. 9. The kit of claim 8, wherein: the first connector is one of: a female component defining a receptacle, a male component having a shape corresponding with a shape of the receptacle; and the second connector is another of the male and female components. 10. The kit of claim 9, wherein the male component includes first and second segments, the segments intersecting one another and being approximately perpendicular. 