An apparatus and method of moving a mobile tower using solar power are disclosed for use with an irrigation system. The disclosed improvement includes a solar panel with a collecting surface to convert light energy to electrical energy, an electrical charge source in communication with the solar panel to receive electrical energy, and a motor to drive a ground-engaging wheel in communication with the electrical charge source. The improvement also includes a direction control system for regulating rotation of the solar panel and a tilt assembly for adjusting the angle of the solar panel to maintain the disposition of the collecting surface in alignment with the direction of incoming sunlight. The method of moving the mobile tower includes collecting light energy with a solar panel, converting the light energy into electrical energy, and driving a wheel of the mobile tower with a motor powered by the converted electrical energy.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In an irrigation system having a liquid conduit that spans mobile towers, each of the mobile towers including at least one ground-engaging wheel, the improvement comprising: a solar panel having a collecting surface, said solar panel operable to collect light energy from the sun and convert the light energy into electrical energy, said solar panel being mounted on one of the mobile towers; an electrical charge source in electrical communication with the solar panel, said electrical charge source receiving the electrical energy from the solar panel; a motor in electrical communication with the electrical charge source, said motor receiving the electrical energy from the electrical charge source, said motor driving the ground-engaging wheel; and a tilt assembly, said solar panel being attached to the tilt assembly, said tilt assembly being tiltable about a horizontal axis, such that the collecting surface of the solar panel can tilt to correspond to the position of the sun relative to the horizon. 2. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 1, said tower including a drive frame member at the lower end thereof, said drive frame member adjacent the ground-engaging wheel, said motor being attached to the drive frame member for rigid support thereon. 3. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 2, said electrical charge source being attached to the drive frame member for rigid support thereon. 4. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 1, said tower including a drive frame member at the lower end thereof, said drive frame member adjacent the ground-engaging wheel, said electrical charge source being attached to the drive frame member for rigid support thereon. 5. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 1, said electrical charge source at least temporarily storing electrical energy from the solar panel. 6. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 5, said electrical charge source comprising a battery, said battery being charged by receiving the electrical energy from the solar panel. 7. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 1, said solar panel comprising an array of photovoltaic cells. 8. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 1, said irrigation system comprising a center pivot system, wherein the liquid conduit extends radially outwardly from a central pivot. 9. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 8; and a rotation assembly, said solar panel being attached to the rotation assembly, said rotation assembly being rotatable about a vertical axis, such that the collecting surface of the solar panel can turn to face the sun as the irrigation system rotates about the pivot. 10. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 9; and a direction control system, the relative angular position of said rotation assembly being controlled by the direction control system. 11. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 1; a plurality of the solar panels, each of the solar panels being mounted on a selected one of the mobile towers, each of said towers including a drive frame member at the lower end thereof, said drive frame member adjacent the ground-engaging wheel; a plurality of electrical charge sources, each of the electrical charge sources being attached to the drive frame member of a selected one of the mobile towers for rigid support thereon, a plurality of motors, each of the motors being attached to the drive frame member of a selected one of the mobile towers for rigid support thereon. 12. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 11, each mobile tower including at least one solar panel, at least one electrical charge source, and at least one motor disposed thereon for localized moving of the ground-engaging wheel thereof. 13. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 11, said irrigation system comprising a center pivot system, wherein the liquid conduit extends radially outwardly from a central pivot; a plurality of rotation assemblies, with each of the solar panels being attached to a respective one of the rotation assemblies, each of said rotation assemblies being rotatable about a vertical axis, such that the collecting surface of the attached solar panel can turn to face the sun as the irrigation system rotates about the pivot; and a direction control system, with the relative angular positions of the rotation assemblies being controlled by the direction control system. 14. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 13, each of said rotation assemblies comprising a platform raised above the top of the liquid conduit by supporting members and a rotating element coupled to the platform for relative rotation therewith, said rotating elements each including an arcuate periphery, said direction control system comprising a fixed element with an arcuate periphery on the central pivot and an endless member wrapped around the periphery of the fixed element and also around the respective peripheries of the rotating elements of the rotation assemblies, said endless member interconnecting the fixed element and the rotating elements such that as the irrigation machine rotates about the central pivot, the endless member causes the rotation assemblies to rotate relative to the mobile towers such that the facing direction of the collecting surfaces of the solar panels remains constant. 15. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 14; and a plurality of tilt assemblies, with each of the solar panels being attached to a respective tilt assembly, said tilt assemblies being tiltable about a horizontal axis, such that the collecting surfaces of the solar panels can tilt to correspond to the position of the sun relative to the horizon. 16. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 15, each of said tilt assemblies comprising a mounting base, an adjustable-length strut, and a hinge, said mounting bases being the rotating elements of the rotation assemblies, each of said hinges connecting a respective one of the mounting bases and an edge of a corresponding one of the solar panels such that as the length of the strut is elongated or shortened, the hinge causes the solar panel to tilt more vertically upright or more vertically flat, respectively, relative to the mounting base. 17. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 11; and a plurality of tilt assemblies, with each of the solar panels being attached to a respective tilt assembly, said tilt assemblies being tiltable about a horizontal axis, such that the collecting surfaces of the solar panels can tilt to correspond to the position of the sun relative to the horizon. 18. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 17, each of said tilt assemblies comprising a mounting base, an adjustable-length strut, and a hinge, said mounting bases being the rotating elements of the rotation assemblies, each of said hinges connecting a respective one of the mounting bases and an edge of a corresponding one of the solar panels such that as the length of the strut is elongated or shortened, the hinge causes the solar panel to tilt more vertically upright or more vertically flat, respectively, relative to the mounting base. 19. In the irrigation system as claimed in claim 1; and an inverter in electrical communication with the electrical charge source and also with the motor, said electrical energy being transmitted from the electrical charge source to the inverter as direct current, said inverter changing the flow of the electric current from direct current to alternating current and transmitting the alternating current to the motor, said motor being powered by the alternating current. 20. A method of moving a mobile tower of an irrigation system, said method comprising the steps of: collecting light energy with a solar panel disposed on the mobile tower; aligning the solar panel with the position of the sun to most directly expose the solar panel to the incoming sunlight; tilting the solar panel about a horizontal axis so that the angle of a collecting surface of the solar panel relative to the horizon continuously corresponds with the direction of incoming sunlight relative to the horizon; converting the light energy into electrical energy; transmitting the electrical energy to a motor disposed on the mobile tower; and driving the ground-engaging wheels of the mobile tower with the motor. 21. The tower moving method as claimed in claim 20, said collecting step including the step of aligning the solar panel with the position of the sun to most directly expose the solar panel to the incoming sunlight. 22. The tower moving method as claimed in claim 21, said aligning step including the step of rotating the solar panel about a vertical axis so that a collecting surface of the solar panel continuously corresponds with the direction of incoming sunlight as the irrigation system moves through a field. 23. The tower moving method as claimed in claim 22, said rotating step including the step of controlling the relative position of the solar panel with a direction control system. 24. The tower moving method as claimed in claim 20, said transmitting step including the step of inverting the flow of electrical energy from direct current to alternating current and powering the motor with alternating current. 25. In an irrigation system having a liquid conduit that spans mobile towers, each of the mobile towers including at least one ground-engaging wheel, the improvement comprising: a solar panel having a collecting surface, said solar panel operable to collect light energy from the sun and convert the light energy into electrical energy, said solar panel being mounted on one of the mobile towers; an electrical charge source in electrical communication with the solar panel, said electrical charge source receiving the electrical energy from the solar panel; a motor in electrical communication with the electrical charge source, said motor receiving the electrical energy from the electrical charge source, said motor driving the ground-engaging wheel; a center pivot system, wherein the liquid conduit extends radially outwardly from a central pivot; and a rotation assembly, said solar panel being attached to the rotation assembly, said rotation assembly being rotatable about a vertical axis, such that the collecting surface of the solar panel can turn to face the sun as the irrigation system rotates about the pivot. 26. In an irrigation system having a liquid conduit that spans mobile towers, each of the mobile towers including at least one ground-engaging wheel, the improvement comprising: a plurality of drive frame members, each of the drive frame members adjacent the ground-engaging wheel at the lower end of one of the mobile towers; a plurality of solar panels, each of the solar panels having a collecting surface and being mounted on a selected one of the mobile towers, each solar panel operable to collect light energy from the sun and convert the light energy into electrical energy, and each solar panel being mounted on one of the mobile towers; a plurality of electrical charge sources, each of the electrical charge sources being attached to the drive frame member of a selected one of the mobile towers for rigid support thereon and in electrical communication with one of the solar panels, each electrical charge source receiving electrical energy from one of the solar panels; a plurality of motors, each of the motors in electrical communication with one of the electrical charge sources and being attached to the drive frame member of a selected one of the mobile towers for rigid support thereon, each motor receiving electrical energy from one of the electrical charge sources, each motor driving one of the ground-engaging wheels; a center pivot system, wherein the liquid conduit extends radially outwardly from a central pivot; a plurality of rotation assemblies, with each of the solar panels being attached to a respective one of the rotation assemblies, each of said rotation assemblies being rotatable about a vertical axis, such that the collecting surface of the attached solar panel can turn to face the sun as the irrigation system rotates about the pivot; and a direction control system, with a relative angular position of the rotation assemblies being controlled by the direction control system. 27. In an irrigation system having a liquid conduit that spans mobile towers, each of the mobile towers including at least one ground-engaging wheel, the improvement comprising: a plurality of drive frame members, each of the drive frame members adjacent the ground-engaging wheel at the lower end of one of the mobile towers; a plurality of solar panels, each of the solar panels having a collecting surface and being mounted on a selected one of the mobile towers, each solar panel operable to collect light energy from the sun and convert the light energy into electrical energy, and each solar panel being mounted on one of the mobile towers; a plurality of electrical charge sources, each of the electrical charge sources being attached to the drive frame member of a selected one of the mobile towers for rigid support thereon and in electrical communication with one of the solar panels, each electrical charge source receiving electrical energy from one of the solar panels; a plurality of motors, each of the motors in electrical communication with one of the electrical charge sources and being attached to the drive frame member of a selected one of the mobile towers for rigid support thereon, each motor receiving electrical energy from one of the electrical charge sources, each motor driving one of the ground-engaging wheels; and a plurality of tilt assemblies, with each of the solar panels being attached to a respective tilt assembly, said tilt assemblies being tiltable about a horizontal axis, such that the collecting surfaces of the solar panels can tilt to correspond to the position of the sun relative to the horizon. 