The present invention provides a reaction chamber to monitor a metal ion in solution during the formation of a metal-sulfide layer on a substrate. The reaction chamber houses a solution of an ammonium ion, a metal ion and a buffer. The reaction chamber includes an anion-selective electrode in the solution to monitor the metal ion that measures the metal ion during metal-ammonium complex formation, metal-thiourea complex formation, metal sulfide composition formation, metal sulfide layer formation or a combination thereof.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for forming a metal layer on a solar cell substrate comprising the steps of: providing a reaction chamber comprising an anion-selective electrode in communication with a solution comprising an ammonium ion, a metal ion, and a buffer, adjusting the pH of the solution to a slightly basic pH; monitoring a metal ion concentration in the solution with the anion-selective electrode; forming a metal-ammonium complex in the reaction chamber from the ammonium ion and the metal ion; decomplexing the metal-ammonium complex to form a decomplexed metal ion; detecting a decrease in the metal ions concentration and reducing the pH to a neutral pH; titrating the decomplexed metal ion with a thiourea composition to form a metal-thiourea complex; forming a metal sulfide composition from the metal-thiourea complex; and depositing the metal sulfide composition on a solar cell substrate in the reaction chamber to form a metal sulfide layer. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the metal ion is selected from a group consisting of silver, nickel, zinc, cadmium, tin, copper, or combinations or mixtures thereof. 3. A method of forming a metal sulfide layer comprising the steps of: providing a reaction chamber with an anion-selective electrode in communication with a solution comprising an ammonium ion, a metal ion, and a buffer; adjusting the pH of the solution to between 8.5-9.5; providing a substrate in communication with the reaction chamber and the solution; monitoring a metal ion concentration in the solution with the anion-selective electrode; forming a metal-ammonium complex in the reaction chamber; decomplexing the metal-ammonium complex to form a decomplexed metal ion; titrating the solution with a thiourea composition to form a metal-thiourea complex,. wherein the thiourea composition is added at between 0.1 and 0.5 mM/min; forming a metal sulfide composition from the metal-thiourea complex; and depositing the metal sulfide composition on a solar cell substrate in the reaction chamber to form a metal sulfide layer. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the metal ion is selected from a group consisting of silver, nickel, zinc, cadmium, tin, copper or combinations or mixtures thereof. 5. A method of identify cadmium sulfide film heterogeneous growth and cadmium sulfide powder homogenous precipitate comprising the steps of: providing a reaction chamber comprising an anion-selective electrode in communication with a solution comprising an ammonium ion, a cadmium ion, and a buffer; providing a substrate in communication with the reaction chamber and the solution; monitoring the cadmium ion in the solution with the anion-selective electrode; forming a cadmium-ammonium complex in the reaction chamber; decomplexing the cadmium-ammonium complex to form a decomplexed cadmium ion; titrating the decomplexed cadmium ion with a thiourea composition to form a cadmium-thiourea complex; forming a cadmium sulfide composition from the cadmium-thiourea complex; depositing a cadmium sulfide layer on the substrate in the reaction chamber; and identifying a heterogeneous cadmium sulfide film growth or a homogenous cadmium sulfide powder precipitate. 6. A method of monitoring cadmium sulfide layer deposition on a substrate comprising the steps of: providing a reaction chamber comprising at least one anion-selective electrode in communication with a solution comprising an ammonium ion, a cadmium ion, and a buffer at a basic pH; providing a substrate in communication with the reaction chamber and the solution; monitoring the cadmium ion in the solution with an anion-selective electrode; forming a cadmium-ammonium complex in the reaction chamber; decomplexing the cadmium-ammonium complex; titrating with a thiourea composition to form a cadmium-thiourea complex, wherrin the thiourea composition has a molarity of between 1.0 and 3.0 mM; observing the cadmium ion concentration with an anion-selective electrode; forming a cadmium sulfide composition from the cadmium-thiourea complex; and depositing a cadmium sulfide layer on a solar cell substrate in the reaction chamber. 7. A method of fabricating a semiconductor composition comprising the steps of: providing a reaction chamber comprising an anion-selective electrode in communication with a solution comprising an ammonium ion, a metal ion, and a buffer; adjusting the pH to a slightly basic pH; providing a semiconductor substrate in communication with the reaction chamber and the solution; monitoring the metal ion concentration in the solution with an anion-selective electrode; forming combining the metal ion and the ammonium ion to form a metal-ammonium complex in the reaction chamber; decomplexing the metal-ammonium complex; titrating with a thiourea composition to form a metal-thiourea complex; forming a metal sulfide composition from the metal-thiourea complex; and depositing a metal sulfide layer on a solar cell substrate in the reaction chamber. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the metal ion is selected from a group consisting of silver, nickel, zinc, cadmium, tin, copper or combinations or mixtures thereof. 9. A method for forming a metal layer on a solar cell substrate comprising the steps of: providing a reaction chamber comprising an anion-selective electrode in communication with a solution comprising an ammonium ion, a metal ion selected from a silver, nickel, zinc, cadmium, tin, copper or combinations or mixtures thereof, and a buffer, adjusting the pH of the solution to between 8-10; monitoring a metal ion concentration in the solution with the anion-selective electrode; forming a metal-ammonium complex in the reaction chamber; decomplexing the metal-ammonium complex to form a decomplexed metal ion; detecting a decrease in the metal ions concentration and reducing the pH to a neutral pH; titrating the decomplexed metal ion with a thiourea composition to form a metal-thiourea complex; forming a metal sulfide composition from the metal-thiourea complex; and depositing a metal sulfide layer on a solar cell substrate in the reaction chamber. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the pH is between 7.2-10.0. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the pH is between 8.2-9.1. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the ammonia is between 0.01 and 0.2 M. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein the titration rate is between 0.1 and 0.5 mM/min. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the thiourea composition has a molarity of between 1.0 and 3.0 mM. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the pH is about 9, the ammonia concentration is about 0.05M and the titration rate is about 0.25 mM/min. 