A photovoltaic junction box that comprises a housing that has at least first and second sides and the second side has at least one heat dissipating component. A conductor plate is received in the housing. The conductor plate supports at least one heat emitting component and at least one heat conducting component corresponding to the heat dissipating component of the housing. A mounting flange extends from the second side of the housing. At least a first gap is located between the second side of the housing and the mounting flange. The gap creates an air channel that allows air to flow between the housing and the mounting flange.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic junction box, comprising: a housing having at least first and second sides, said second side having at least one heat dissipating component; a conductor plate received in said housing, said conductor plate supporting at least one heat emitting component and at least one heat conducting component corresponding to said heat dissipating component of said housing; a mounting flange extending from said second side of said housing; and at least a first gap located between said second side of said housing and said mounting flange, said gap creating an air channel allowing air to flow between said housing and said mounting flange. 2. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 1, wherein said at least one heat conducting component of said conductor plate is a heat conduction finger extending from said conductor plate. 3. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 2, wherein said heat conduction finger is a cutout of said conductor plate. 4. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 2, wherein said at least one heat dissipating component of said second side of said housing is a finger covering said heat conducting finger of said conductor plate. 5. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 1, wherein said conductor plate includes a plurality of heat emitting components and a plurality of heat conducting components. 6. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 5, wherein said second side of said housing includes a plurality of heat dissipating components corresponding to said plurality of heat conducting components of said conductor plate. 7. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 6, wherein said plurality of heat conducting components include heat conduction fingers; and said plurality of heat dissipating components include fingers covering said individual heat conduction fingers of said conductor plate. 8. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 1, wherein said first side of said housing includes at least one heat dissipating component. 9. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 1, wherein said at least one heat dissipating component of said first side of said housing includes at least one elongated fin. 10. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 1, wherein said first side of said housing includes a plurality of heat dissipating components. 11. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 1, further comprising a second gap disposed between said mounting flange and said second side of said housing that creates an air channel. 12. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 1, wherein said housing is one-piece overmolded on said conductor plate. 13. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 1, wherein said conductor plate is thermally and electrically conductive. 14. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 1, wherein said conductor plate including connection tabs extending through said mounting flange. 15. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 1, wherein said at least one heat emitting component is a semi-conductor or an integrated circuit containing semi-conductors. 16. A photovoltaic junction box, comprising a housing having at least first and second sides, each of said first and second sides having a plurality of heat dissipating components, respectively; a conductor plate received in said housing, said conductor plate supporting at least one heat emitting component and a plurality of heat conducting components corresponding to said heat dissipating components of said second side of said housing; a mounting flange extending from said second side of said housing; and at least one gap located between said second side of said housing and said mounting flange, said gap creating an air channel allowing air to flow between said housing and said mounting flange, wherein said housing is made of an electrically insulating material. 17. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 16, wherein said heat dissipating components of said first side of said housing include a plurality of fins. 18. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 16, wherein said heat dissipating components of said second side of said housing including a plurality of fingers. 19. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 16, wherein said heat conducting components include a plurality of heat conduction fingers extending from said conductor plate. 20. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 16, further comprising a second gap disposed between said mounting flange and said second side of housing that creates an air channel. 21. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 16, wherein a said housing is overmolded on said conductor plate. 22. A photovoltaic junction box, comprising a housing having at least first and second sides and first and second heat dissipating means; a conductor plate received in said housing, said conductor plate supporting at least one heat emitting component; a mounting flange extending from said second side of said housing; and an air channel means allowing air to flow between said housing and said mounting flange. 23. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 22, wherein said first heat conducting means includes a plurality of fins extending from said first side of said housing. 24. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 22, wherein said second heat conducting means includes a plural of fingers extending from said second side of said housing. 25. A photovoltaic junction box according to claim 22, wherein said air channel means includes at least one a gap located between said second side of said housing and said mounting flange. 