Systems and methods for disposing and supporting a solar panel array are disclosed. In one embodiment, a system for supporting a solar panel array includes the use of support columns and cables suspended between the support columns, with the solar panels received by solar panel receivers that are adapted to couple to the cables. The solar panel array may then be used to provide power as well as shelter. Cooling, lighting, security, or other devices may be added to the solar panel array.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A system for supporting a solar panel array, the system comprising: two pairs of columns, each pair having a first column and a second column; a first cable suspended between the first columns; a second cable suspended between the second columns; a plurality of panel receivers for mounting a number of solar panels, the solar panels forming a pod, the panel receivers being secured to each of the two cables; wherein each panel receiver includes a number of vertically extending and a number of horizontally extending struts connected to the vertically extending struts, said vertically extending struts extending substantially along the length of the pod, said struts secured to a back side of said pod with at least one peripheral edge of said pod remaining exposed, and said struts configured to provide, in combination with said each of two cables, substantial structural rigidity to the pod; wherein a pair of end pods located at each end of said first and second cables is suspended at an elevation higher than a pod located between said pair of end pods; wherein a pod located at a most central location between said pair of end pods is at a lowest position relative to other pods. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the first columns are relatively long columns and the second columns are relatively short columns. 3. The system of claim 1 further comprising at least one anchoring device secured to the ground outside of the columns, wherein at least one of the first cable and the second cable is secured to the anchoring device. 4. The system of claim 1 further comprising a center support column attached to one of the first cable or the second cable between the pairs of columns. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the at least one peripheral edge is continuously exposed along the entirety of the at least one peripheral edge. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the first cable is suspended at uniform curvature between the first columns. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the second cable is suspended at uniform curvature between the second columns. 