The invention provides a solar panel mounting system for mounting one or more solar panels, the system comprising: at least one support device for supporting the solar panel thereon, and at least one flexible fastening member. The support device comprises: a base adapted to seat stably on a substantially flat rooftop surface, the base having at least one recess for receiving ballast to stabilize the support device on the surface; and a mounting frame upstanding from the base and integral therewith, the mounting frame being configured to support the solar panel such that said panel slopes downwardly towards a front edge region of the base. The flexible fastening member is adapted to engage and to extend from the support device, and has an attachment portion which is adapted to be secured to a rooftop surface. Typically, a plurality of the support devices are arranged spaced apart and essentially parallel to one another side-by-side in one or more rows for receiving and supporting a solar panel extending between adjacent pairs of the support devices. Furthermore, a flexible fastening member preferably engages and extends from each of the front and rear edge regions of each support device.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. A support device for supporting a solar panel, comprising: a base adapted to rest on a surface, wherein the base comprises a front edge region and a rear edge region; and a panel mounting frame coupled to the base, the panel mounting frame comprising a bearing member which is configured to support a solar panel thereon such that the solar panel slopes downwardly towards the front edge region of the base; wherein the base includes at least one recess for receiving a ballast to stabilize the support device on the surface, and wherein at least one of the front and rear edge regions of the base is configured to engage a flexible fastening member for attachment to the surface; wherein the base comprises an opening of a generally elongate form which extends between the front and rear regions of the base; wherein the opening is located within an area of a vertical projection of the mounting frame onto the base; wherein the dimensions of the opening are at least the dimensions of a vertical projection of the bearing member onto the base; and wherein the at least one recess for receiving the ballast comprises an opening at an underside of the recess. 2. A support device according to claim 1 wherein the panel mounting frame supports the solar panel pitched at an angle in the range of about 10.degree. to about 40.degree. to a horizontal surface or a flat rooftop. 3. A support device according to claim 1 wherein the panel mounting frame comprises a rear strut member that projects upwardly from the base, and a bearing member provided at an upper end region of the rear strut member and configured to bear the solar panel; the bearing member extending from an upper end region of the rear strut member towards a front edge region of the base, and being oriented at an angle in the range of about 10.degree. to about 40.degree. to the surface, the panel mounting frame further comprising a front strut member which projects upwardly from the base and is coupled to the bearing member. 4. A support device according to claim 1 wherein a width dimension of the base between its opposing side edge regions is less than half of a length dimension of the base between its front and rear edge regions. 5. A support device according to claim 1 wherein the recess is configured to receive ballast for stabilizing the support device on the surface and the recess is configured such that the support device comprising such recess is able to receive and nest with an identical support device when one support device is stacked upon the other. 6. A support device according to claim 1 wherein dimensions of the opening at an underside of the recess are at least the dimensions of the vertical projection of the panel mounting frame and the opening is located within the vertical projection of the panel mounting frame onto the base, and the recess comprises a ballast-bearing surface. 7. A support device according to claim 1 wherein an edge region of the base is configured to allow a flexible fastening member to extend through the base, and is adapted to be one of threaded, slid, and slipped though the base. 8. A mounting system for one or more solar panels comprising at least one support device according to claim 1. 9. A mounting system according to claim 8, further comprising a flexible fastening member configured to extend through the base. 10. A mounting system according to claim 8, further comprising at least one mounting rail configured to extend from the panel mounting frame of the at least one support device, and configured to extend transversely between the mounting frames of adjacent support devices. 11. A support device for supporting a solar panel, comprising: a base adapted to rest on a surface, wherein the base comprises a front edge region and a rear edge region; and a panel mounting frame coupled to the base, the panel mounting frame comprising a bearing member which is configured to support a solar panel thereon such that the solar panel slopes downwardly towards the front edge region of the base; wherein the base includes at least one recess for receiving a ballast to stabilise the support device on the surface, and wherein at least one of the front and rear edge regions of the base is configured to engage a flexible fastening member for attachment to the surface; wherein the base comprises an opening of a generally elongate form which extends between the front and rear regions of the base; wherein the opening is located within an area of a vertical projection of the mounting frame onto the base; wherein the dimensions of the opening are at least the dimensions of a vertical projection of the bearing member onto the base; wherein the at least one recess for receiving the ballast is located within an area of a vertical projection of the panel mounting frame onto the base; wherein the at least one recess for receiving the ballast is formed as a cavity in the base, the cavity being upwardly open for receiving the ballast from above; wherein the at least one recess for receiving the ballast is elongated and extends between a front and a rear edge region of the base and at a lateral side of the mounting frame; wherein the base includes two ballast-receiving recesses spaced apart from each other laterally on opposite sides of the panel mounting frame; wherein the base of the support device has one of a generally flat underside and footings for seating stably on the surface, and wherein the at least one recess for receiving the ballast has a tray-like configuration; and wherein the panel mounting frame is arranged substantially centrally of the base. 12. A support device for supporting a solar panel, comprising: a base adapted to rest on a surface, wherein the base comprises a front edge region and a rear edge region; and a panel mounting frame coupled to the base, the panel mounting frame comprising a bearing member which is configured to support a solar panel thereon such that the solar panel slopes downwardly towards the front edge region of the base; wherein the base includes at least one recess for receiving a ballast to stabilise the support device on the surface, and wherein at least one of the front and rear edge regions of the base is configured to engage a flexible fastening member for attachment to the surface; wherein the base comprises an opening of a generally elongate form which extends between the front and rear regions of the base; wherein the opening is located within an area of a vertical projection of the mounting frame onto the base; wherein the dimensions of the opening are at least the dimensions of a vertical projection of the bearing member onto the base; and further comprising an opening in the base configured to receive the panel mounting frame of an identical support device, such that one support device nests with the other in a stacked arrangement. 13. A support device for supporting a solar panel, comprising: a base adapted to rest on a surface, wherein the base comprises a front edge region and a rear edge region; and a panel mounting frame coupled to the base, the panel mounting frame comprising a bearing member which is configured to support a solar panel thereon such that the solar panel slopes downwardly towards the front edge region of the base; wherein the base includes at least one recess for receiving a ballast to stabilise the support device on the surface, and wherein at least one of the front and rear edge regions of the base is configured to engage a flexible fastening member for attachment to the surface; wherein the base comprises an opening of a generally elongate form which extends between the front and rear regions of the base; wherein the opening is located within an area of a vertical projection of the mounting frame onto the base; wherein the dimensions of the opening are at least the dimensions of a vertical projection of the bearing member onto the base; and further comprising a flexible fastening member, which extends through the base. 