A solar panel mounting structure includes: a fixation member as an angle member firmly fixed onto a roofing composed of a metal plate as a magnetic material; solar panels, each of which is rotatably held on the fixation member while interposing an insertion/extraction hinge mounted on an upper edge of an erected portion of the fixation member; and a magnetic engaging device provided between the solar panel and the roofing in order to detachably fix the solar panel to the roofing. The fixation member is firmly fixed to the roofing while interposing a double-sided adhesive tape and an adhesive agent therebetween. The magnetic engaging device includes: a cup-like casing mounted to a lower surface of the solar panel by a screw; and a ferrite magnet firmly fixed into the casing.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar panel mounting structure comprising: a fixation member to be firmly fixed onto a roofing material by a fixing device comprising at least one of an adhesive agent and a double-sided adhesive tape; a solar panel; an insertion/extraction hinge including a first wing, a second wing, and a support shaft rotatably joining said first wing and said second wing, said first wing being fixed to said fixation member, and said second wing being fixed to said solar panel so that said solar panel is rotatably attached to said fixation member; and a magnetic engaging device between said solar panel and a magnetic portion of the roofing material to detachably fix said solar panel to the roofing material. 2. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 1, wherein said second wing of said hinge is fixed to a first end of said solar panel, and said magnetic engaging device is located at a second end of said solar panel opposite said first end. 3. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 1, wherein said fixation member is L-shaped, said first wing of said hinge being fixed to a leg of said L-shaped fixation member so as to allow said solar panel to rotate about said support shaft of said hinge. 4. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 1, wherein said first wing is fixed to said support shaft, and said second wing is detachably and rotatably attached to said support shaft so as to be pivotable about said support shaft. 5. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 1, wherein said magnetic engaging device includes a cup-shaped casing fixed to said solar panel, and a ferrite magnet firmly fixed within said casing. 6. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 5, wherein said second wing of said hinge is fixed to a first end of said solar panel, and said magnetic engaging device is located at a second end of said solar panel opposite said first end. 