A lighted accessory for a planter includes a flexible split ring that has first and second adjustably spaceable ends that define a ring of variable diameter. The flexible split ring has a curved cross-sectional shape and is fittable on an upper edge of a planter. A light source is mounted on the annular ring providing illumination of the planter. The lighted accessory is fittable on a range of sizes of planters.
Claims 1. A lighted accessory for a planter comprising: a flexible split ring that has first and second adjustably spaceable ends that define a ring of variable diameter, the flexible split ring having a curved cross-sectional shape and being fittable on an upper edge of a planter; and a light source mounted on the annular ring providing illumination of the planter; wherein the lighted accessory is fittable on a range of sizes of planters. 2. The lighted accessory of claim 1, including a plurality of apertures disposed in the flexible split ring allowing for transmission of light through the ring and providing both upward illumination of a space above the planter and downward illumination of the planter. 3. The lighted accessory of claim 1, wherein the cross-sectional shape is an inverted u-shape. 4. The lighted accessory of claim 3, wherein the flexible split ring includes an inner and outer edge separated by a curved recess. 5. The lighted accessory of claim 4, wherein a plurality of apertures are disposed in the curved recess. 6. The lighted accessory of claim 1, wherein the cross-sectional shape is an s-shape. 7. The lighted accessory of claim 6, wherein the flexible split ring includes an inwardly disposed, upwardly inverted curve fittable over the upper edge of the planter, and an adjacent, outwardly disposed, downwardly inverted curve that forms a receptacle for the light source. 8. The lighted accessory of claim 7, wherein a plurality of apertures are formed in the outwardly disposed curve. 9. The lighted accessory of claim 1, wherein the cross-sectional shape is an m-shape. 10. The lighted accessory of claim 9, wherein the flexible split ring includes an inwardly disposed, upwardly inverted curve fittable over the upper edge of the planter, and an adjacent, outwardly disposed, upwardly inverted curve that forms a receptacle for the light source. 11. The lighted accessory of claim 1, wherein the light source is one of an incandescent light source, an LED light source, and a fiber optic light assembly. 12. The lighted accessory of claim 11, wherein the light source includes a plurality of individual lights. 13. The lighted accessory of claim 12, wherein the plurality of individual lights are electrically connected. 14. The lighted accessory of claim 11, wherein the light source includes a translucent rope containing one or more lights. 15. The lighted accessory of claim 2, wherein the light source is mounted in the apertures that extend through the flexible split ring. 16. The lighted accessory of claim 2, wherein the light source is positioned adjacent the apertures that extend through the flexible split ring. 17. The lighted accessory of claim 1, wherein the light source is powered by one of a battery, household electricity, and solar power. 18. A lighted accessory for a planter comprising: a flexible, elongated body having a curved cross-sectional shape and first and second adjustably spaceable ends that are opposable to define a ring-like shape; the elongated body including a mounting portion and an adjacent lighting portion; the mounting portion being fittable on an upper edge of a planter; a light source mounted in the lighting portion providing illumination of the planter. 19. The lighted accessory of claim 18, wherein the lighting portion includes a plurality of apertures allowing for transmission of light through the elongated body providing both upward illumination of a space above the planter and downward illumination of the planter. 20. The lighted accessory of claim 18, wherein the light source is one of an incandescent light source, an LED light source, and a fiber optic light assembly. 