A solar string includes first and second solar modules coupled to first and second filters by an electric transmission line. The second solar module includes a solar panel including a plurality of photovoltaic cells configured to convert photon energy to electrical energy. A processor is coupled to the solar panel and is in communication with the first solar module. The processor is configured to monitor an output of the solar panel and to transmit a status signal including an environmental condition of the second solar module to the first solar module by way of the electric transmission line. The first and second filters are configured to pass electrical power to a central inverter of a solar array in which the solar string is disposed and to prevent the status signal transmitted from the second solar module to the first solar module from being transmitted to the central inverter.
Claims 1. A solar string, comprising: first and second filters; a first solar module coupled to the first and second filters by an electric transmission line; and a second solar module coupled to the first and second filters and to the first solar module by the electric transmission line, the second solar module including a solar panel including a plurality of photovoltaic cells configured to convert photon energy to electrical energy, and a processor coupled to the solar panel and in communication with the first solar module by way of the electric transmission line, the processor configured to monitor an output of the solar panel and to transmit a status signal to the first solar module by way of the electric transmission line, the status signal including an environmental condition of the second solar module, wherein the first and second filters are configured to pass electrical power to a central inverter of a solar array in which the solar string is disposed and to prevent the status signal transmitted from the second solar module to the first solar module from being transmitted to the central inverter. 2. The solar string of claim 1, wherein the environmental condition identifies if the second solar module is shaded. 3. The solar string of claim 1, wherein the processor is configured to output control signals to the solar panel for adjusting an output of the solar panel in response to a change in the environmental condition of the second solar module. 4. The solar string of claim 3, wherein the output of the solar panel includes a voltage level. 5. The solar string of claim 1, wherein the second solar module is configured to receive a status signal transmitted by the first solar module identifying an environment condition of the first solar module. 6. The solar string of claim 5, wherein the processor is configured to output control signals to the solar panel for adjusting an output of the solar panel in response to the status signal received from the first solar module. 7. The solar string of claim 6, wherein the output of the solar panel includes a voltage level. 8. The solar string of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of solar modules coupled to the first and second filters and to the first and second solar modules by the electric transmission line, each of the plurality of solar modules configured to transmit status signals identifying an environmental condition to each of the other solar modules and to receive status signals identifying an environmental condition from each of the other solar modules. 9. A method, comprising: monitoring an output of a solar panel coupled to an electric transmission line; identifying a change in the output of the solar panel; and transmitting a first signal identifying an environmental condition to a solar module coupled to the electric transmission line in response to identifying the change in output of the solar panel, the first signal being transmitted at a frequency that differs than a frequency of the output of the solar panel such that a filter coupled to the electric transmission line is configured to block the first signal from being passed to a central inverter coupled to the filter. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising: receiving a second signal from a solar module identifying a change in an environmental condition of the solar module; and transmitting a control signal to the solar panel to adjust the output of the solar panel in response to the second signal. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein adjusting the output of the solar panel includes increasing a power output of the solar panel. 12. The method of claim 10, wherein adjusting the output of the solar panel includes decreasing a power output of the solar panel. 13. The method of claim 9, wherein the change in the output of the solar panel includes a decrease in at least one of a voltage or a current. 14. The method of claim 9, wherein the change in the output of the solar panel includes an increase in at least one of a voltage or a current. 15. A solar array, comprising: a central inverter; and a plurality of solar strings coupled to the central inverter, at least one of the plurality of solar strings including: a first solar module coupled to first and second filters by an electric transmission line, and a second solar module coupled to the first and second filters and to the first solar module by the electric transmission line, the second solar module including a solar panel including a plurality of photovoltaic cells configured to convert photon energy to electrical energy, and a processor coupled to the solar panel and in communication with the first solar module by way of the electric transmission line, the processor configured to monitor an output of the solar panel and transmit a status signal to the first solar module by way of the electric transmission line, the status signal including an environmental condition of the second solar module, wherein the first and second filters are configured to pass electrical power to the central inverter and to prevent the status signal transmitted from the second solar module to the first solar module from being transmitted to the central inverter. 16. The solar array of claim 15, wherein the processor is configured to output control signals to the solar panel for adjusting an output of the solar panel in response to a change in the environmental condition of the second solar module. 17. The solar array of claim 15, wherein the second solar module is configured to receive a status signal transmitted by the first solar module identifying an environment condition of the first solar module. 18. The solar array of claim 17, wherein the processor is configured to output control signals to the solar panel for adjusting an output of the solar panel in response to the status signal received from the first solar module. 19. The solar array of claim 15, wherein the at least one of the solar strings includes a plurality of solar modules coupled to the first and second filters and to the first and second solar modules by the electric transmission line, each of the plurality of solar modules configured to transmit status signals identifying an environmental condition to each of the other solar modules and to receive status signals identifying an environmental condition from each of the other solar modules. 20. The solar array of claim 15, wherein each of the solar strings includes a pair of filters, and a plurality of solar modules coupled to the pair of filters, each of the plurality of solar modules configured to transmit status signals identifying an environmental condition to each of the other solar modules and to receive status signals identifying an environmental condition from each of the other solar modules, wherein the pair of filters in each of the solar strings is configured to pass electrical power to the central inverter and to prevent status signals transmitted between the plurality of solar modules from being transmitted to the central inverter. 