One embodiment of the invention relates to a light concentrator apparatus including a reflector with an open substantially hemispherical reflecting surface characterized by a radius R, and an aperture for admitting light onto the hemispherical reflecting surface. The light concentrator apparatus further includes a movable elongated light collector having a first end located proximal to the reflecting surface; and extending along a longitudinal axis in a direction substantially normal to the reflecting surface to a second end. The light concentrator further includes a tracker configured to move the first end of the collector to points proximal to the reflecting surface.
Claims 1. A light concentrator apparatus comprising: a reflector comprising: an open substantially hemispherical reflecting surface characterized by a radius R; and an aperture for admitting light onto the hemispherical reflecting surface; a movable elongated light collector having a first end located proximal to the reflecting surface, the collector extending from the first end along a longitudinal axis in a direction substantially normal to the reflecting surface to a second end; and a tracker configured to move the first end of the collector to points proximal to the reflecting surface. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the reflector concentrates onto the collector substantially all light is incident on the aperture at angles to the longitudinal axis of the collector less than or equal to an acceptance angle of .theta. radians. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the movable light collector comprises a cylinder extending along the longitudinal axis. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, where the cylinder has a length L equal to or greater than about 0.5 R. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the cylinder has a radius equal to or greater than about R multiplied by .theta., where .theta. is in units of radians. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the aperture is a substantially circular aperture defined by equator of the open hemispherical reflecting surface. 7. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the light concentrated onto the collector has an intensity distribution which varies by about 200% or less over a length extending 0.4 R from the first end. 8. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the light collector comprises an absorber which converts incident light into another form of energy. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the absorber comprises a photovoltaic material. 10. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the absorber comprises a thermoelectric material. 11. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the absorber comprises a thermal absorber. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the thermal absorber comprises a selective surface located in an evacuated enclosure. 13. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the thermal absorber transfers heat to a fluid. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the substantially hemispherical reflecting surface is a metallized surface. 15. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the tracker is configured to substantially align the longitudinal axis with a direction of incident radiation from a source. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the source is the sun. 17. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the tracker comprises an elongated member extending from the second end of the collector along a direction substantially normal to the reflecting surface to a pivot located near the aperture. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the tracker comprises an actuator configured to pivot the elongated member. 19. The apparatus of claim 15, further comprising a controller in communication with the tracker to maintain the collector at a desired position to substantially align the longitudinal axis with a direction of incident radiation from the source. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the controller determines the desired position based on a time or date. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the source is the sun, and wherein the controller stores information indicative of the position of the sun in the sky at a plurality of times. 22. The apparatus of claim 19, further comprising at least one sensor which produces a signal indicative of the amount of light concentrated onto the collector, and wherein the controller determines the desired position based on the signal. 23. The apparatus of claim 22, comprising a closed loop servo configured to adjust the position of the collector to maintain the alignment of the longitudinal axis with a direction of incident radiation from the source in response to changes in the position of the source. 24. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the acceptance angle .theta. is equal to about 0.5 degrees or more. 25. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the acceptance angle .theta. is equal to about 1 degrees or more. 26. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the acceptance angle .theta. is equal to about 2 degrees or more. 27. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the acceptance angle .theta. is equal to about 5 degrees or more. 28. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the apparatus is mounted on a surface and the reflector is fixed relative to the surface. 29. The apparatus of claim 28, wherein the surface is the surface of the earth. 30. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the admitted light is solar light. 31. A method comprising: obtaining a light concentrator apparatus comprising: a reflector comprising: an open substantially hemispherical reflecting surface characterized by a radius R; and an aperture for admitting light onto the hemispherical reflecting surface; a movable elongated light collector having a first end located proximal to the reflecting surface, the collector extending from the first end along a longitudinal axis in a direction substantially normal to the reflecting surface to a second end; and a tracker configured to move the first end of the collector to points proximal to the reflecting surface; receiving light from a source with the concentrator; and concentrating light from the source onto the collector. 32. The method of claim 31, wherein concentrating light from the source onto the collector comprises concentrating onto the collector substantially all light that is incident on the aperture at angles to the longitudinal axis of the collector less than or equal to an acceptance angle .theta.. 33. The method of claim 32, wherein the movable light collector comprises a cylinder extending along the longitudinal axis. 34. The method of claim 33, where the cylinder has a length L equal to or greater than about 0.5 R. 35. The method of claim 34, wherein the cylinder has a radius equal to or greater than about R multiplied by .theta., where .theta. is in units of radians. 36. The method of claim 35, wherein the aperture is a substantially circular aperture defined by the equator of the open hemispherical reflecting surface. 37. The method of claim 34, wherein the light concentrated onto the collector has an intensity distribution which varies by about 200% or less over a length extending 0.4 R from the first end. 38. The method of claim 32, wherein the light collector comprises an absorber, and further comprising converting light incident on the collector into another form of energy. 39. The method of claim 38, wherein the absorber comprises a photovoltaic material. 40. The method of claim 38, wherein the absorber comprises a thermoelectric material. 41. The method of claim 38, wherein the absorber comprises a thermal absorber. 42. The method of claim 38 wherein the thermal absorber comprises a selective surface located in an evacuated enclosure. 43. The method of claim 41, comprising using the thermal absorber to transfer heat to a fluid. 44. The method of claim 31, wherein the substantially hemispherical reflecting surface is a metallized surface. 45. The method of claim 32, comprising using the tracker to align the longitudinal axis with a direction of incident radiation from a source. 46. The method of claim 45, wherein the source is the sun. 47. The method of claim 45, wherein the tracker comprises an elongated member extending from the second end of the collector along a direction substantially normal to the reflecting surface to a pivot located near the aperture. 48. The method of claim 47, wherein the tracker comprises an actuator configured to pivot the elongated member. 49. The method of claim 45, further using the tracker to maintain the collector at a desired position to substantially align the longitudinal axis with a direction of incident radiation from the source. 50. The method of claim 49, comprising determining the desired position based on a time or date. 51. The method of claim 50, wherein the source is the sun, and comprising determining the desired position based on a time or date and on stored information indicative of the position of the sun in the sky at a plurality of times. 52. The method of claim 49, further comprising using at least one sensor to generate a signal indicative of the amount of light concentrated onto the collector; and determining the desired position based on the signal. 53. The method of claim 52, comprising using a closed loop servo to adjust the position of the collector to maintain the alignment of the longitudinal axis with a direction of incident radiation from the source in response to changes in the position of the source. 54. The method of claim 32, wherein the acceptance angle .theta. is equal to about 0.5 degrees or more. 55. The method of claim 32, wherein the acceptance angle .theta. is equal to about 1 degrees or more. 56. The method of claim 32, wherein the acceptance angle .theta. is equal to about 2 degrees or more. 57. The method of claim 32, wherein the acceptance angle .theta. is equal to about 5 degrees or more. 58. The method of claim 31, comprising mounting the collector on a surface wherein the reflector is fixed relative to the surface. 59. The method of claim 58, wherein the surface is the surface of the earth. 60. The method of claim 31, wherein the admitted light is solar light. 61. A method of making a light concentrator comprising obtaining a reflector comprising: an open substantially hemispherical reflecting surface characterized by a radius R; and an aperture for admitting light onto the hemispherical reflecting surface; obtaining a movable elongated light collector having a first end located proximal to the reflecting surface; the collector extending from the first end to a second end along a longitudinal axis in a direction substantially normal to the reflecting surface; and obtaining a tracker configured to move the first end of the collector to points proximal to the reflecting surface. 62. The method of claim 61, comprising: shipping the collector and tracker unassembled to a desired location for the light concentrator; providing an inflatable balloon at the desired location; inflating the balloon to form an at least partially spherical surface; using the partially spherical surface to form the reflector at the desired location; and assembling the reflector, tracker, and collector to form the light concentrator at the desired location. 63. The method of claim 62, wherein the balloon is made of a substantially inelastic material having a predetermined shape when fully inflated. 64. The method of claim 63, wherein the balloon is made of Mylar. 