A method and system for designing and controlling a hydronic apparatus. In one aspect of the invention, the system includes a computing device having a first receiver that receives input data, in which the input data includes environmental data and hydronic apparatus data. The computing device also includes a first processor that communicates with the first receiver. The first processor processes the received input data into configuration data that includes a hydronic apparatus layout. The hydronic apparatus layout indicates a plurality of hydronic components and fluid connections between the hydronic components. The computing device also includes a transmitter that transmits the configuration data. The system also includes a controller that has a stored set of rules and a second receiver that receives the configuration data. The controller includes a second processor that processes the received configuration data to correlate the configuration data with the default rules and select a corresponding subset of the set of default rules.
Claims 1. A design and control system for a hydronic apparatus comprising: a computing device having: a first receiver receiving input data including environmental data and hydronic apparatus data; a first processor communicating with the first receiver and processing the input data into configuration data including a hydronic apparatus layout indicating a plurality of hydronic components and fluid connections between the hydronic components; a transmitter transmitting the configuration data; and a controller having: a stored set of default rules; a second receiver receiving the configuration data; a second processor processing the configuration data to correlate the configuration data with the default rules and select a corresponding subset of the set of default rules. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the subset of the set of default rules control the hydronic apparatus in substantially real-time. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein processing the input data includes determining a plurality of hydronic components in the hydronic apparatus and a configuration of the hydronic apparatus. 4. The system of claim 2, wherein the processing of input data optimizes the hydronic apparatus layout for solar energy usage. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the controller selects the subset of the set of default rules upon initiation of the hydronic apparatus. 6. The system of claim 3, wherein the input data includes at least one of a local environment information, heat loss calculation, number of heating zones, physical space available for equipment and equipment mounting requirements. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the configuration of the hydronic apparatus indicates a first manifold path and a second manifold path are fluidly coupled to each other. 8. The system of claim 6, wherein the configuration of the hydronic apparatus indicates a primary flow loop with secondary flow loops connected to it, each secondary flow loop connected to at least one of a heat source and heat load. 9. The system of claim 6, wherein the input data determines at least one of a number of solar panels, type of solar collector, number of heat distribution manifolds and number of heat storage tanks. 10. A method for designing and controlling a hydronic apparatus comprising: receiving input data including environmental data and hydronic apparatus data; processing the input data into configuration data, the configuration data including a hydronic apparatus layout indicating a plurality of hydronic components and fluid connections between the hydronic components; transmitting the configuration data from a computing device; receiving configuration data at a controller; storing a set of default rules in the controller; processing the configuration data at the controller; and selecting a subset of the set of default rules based at least on the processed configuration data. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising controlling the hydronic apparatus in substantially real time based at least on the subset of the set of default rules. 12. The method of claim 10, wherein processing the input data includes determining a plurality of hydronic components in the hydronic apparatus and a configuration of the hydronic apparatus. 13. The method of claim 10, wherein the processing of input data optimizes the hydronic apparatus layout for solar energy usage. 14. The method of claim 10, further comprising the controller receiving an updated set of default rules. 15. The method of claim 11, wherein selecting a subset of the set of default rules occurs upon initiation of the hydronic apparatus. 16. The method of claim 12, wherein the input data includes at least one of a local environment information, heat loss calculation, number of heating zones, physical space available for equipment and equipment mounting requirements. 17. The method of claim 12, further comprising transmitting the hydronic apparatus layout to a user. 18. The method of claim 12, wherein the configuration of the hydronic apparatus shows a first manifold path and a second manifold path fluidly coupled to each other. 19. The method of claim 12, wherein the configuration of the hydronic apparatus shows a primary flow loop connected to secondary flow loops, each secondary flow loop connected to at least one of a heat source and heat load. 20. The method of claim 17, wherein the hydronic apparatus data includes a list of components corresponding to the hydronic apparatus layout. 