Disclosed are a method of manufacturing a dye sensitized solar battery and a solar battery assembling apparatus. The method includes: forming electrode pads on electrodes of respective solar battery sub modules; applying a conductive adhesive on the electrode; and overlapping the electrodes of the solar battery sub modules, applying a current to the electrode pads, and then heating and hardening the conductive adhesive.
Claims 1. A method of manufacturing a dye sensitized solar battery, comprising: forming electrode pads on electrodes of respective solar battery sub modules; applying a conductive adhesive on the electrode; and overlapping the electrodes of the solar battery sub modules, applying a current to the electrode pads, and then heating and hardening the conductive adhesive. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising separating the electrode of each of the solar battery sub modules into a heating electrode and a plurality of adjacent electrodes by a scribing or an etching. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein forming of the conductive adhesive comprises forming the conductive adhesive over the heating electrode and the plurality of adjacent electrodes. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the heating electrode and the plurality of adjacent electrodes are electrically connected according to the hardening of the conductive adhesive. 5. A solar battery assembling apparatus for connecting and fixing a plurality of solar battery sub modules by using a conductive adhesive obtaining conductivity and mechanical strength by heating, the solar battery assembling apparatus comprising: an amperemeter for measuring a current flowing in an electrode of a solar battery sub module; a voltmeter for measuring a voltage applied to the electrode of the solar battery sub module; and a power unit for checking a hardened state of the conductive adhesive by monitoring the current flowing in the electrode of the solar battery sub module and the voltage applied to the electrode of the solar battery sub module by using the amperemeter and the voltmeter, and adjust heating power before the conductive adhesive hardens and heating power until the conductive adhesive hardens. 