This invention relates to a modular combined optical data and electrical power distribution network and related system. More particularly the invention relates to a system for bi directional high-speed distribution of data and the universal transmission of significant quantities of electrical power using composite cabling which is adapted for connection to a plurality of peripheral components and devices. Previous data networks, particularly in domestic environments, for example for controlling personal computers, laptops and peripherals such as printers and scanners required dedicated power supplies and resulted in a tangled mass of wires and cabling often seen as clutter and sometimes posing safety hazards. The invention overcomes this prob- lem by providing a relatively low voltage continual power bus, in the foim of a dual or multi-core wire, which typically carries up to 100-200 Watts per node and which is also capable of carrying high volumes of data traffic typically in excess of 1 GBit/sec. The invention comprises: a data bus and an electrical conductor encased within a sleeving, the data bus defining a path for data and the conductor defming an electrical path. The sleeving is shaped and dimensioned so as to be capable of receiving junction connectors which, in use pierce the sleeving, so as to provide simultaneous connection to the data bus and electrical path. This is combined with intelligent power and data circuitry.
Claims 1. A system for power distribution and data communication comprising: a network; a data bus and an electrical conductor encased within a sleeving, the data bus defining a path for data and the conductor defining an electrical path for power; the sleeving being shaped and dimensioned so as to be capable of receiving junction connectors which provide simultaneous communication to the data bus contact with the electrical path; and a control means is provided for monitoring a condition or state of the system and relaying data relating to the condition or state of the system via either the data bus or the electrical path for power. 2. A system according to claim 1 wherein the electrical path is adapted to transmit data, in addition to power. 3. A system according to claim 1 wherein the control means monitors a condition or state of an appliance which, in use, is connected to the network and relays data relating to the condition or state of an appliance via either the data bus or electrical path for power. 4. A system for power distribution and data communication comprising: a network; a data bus and an electrical conductor encased within a sleeving the data bus defining a path for data and the conductor defining an electrical path for power; the sleeving being adapted to receive junction connectors which provide simultaneous communication to the data bus and contact with the electrical path so that combined low power and low bandwidth communications is provided by the electrical path and high bandwidth communications is provided by the optical cable. 5. A system for power distribution and data communication comprising: a network; a data bus and an electrical conductor encased within a sleeving the data bus defining a path for data and the conductor defining an electrical path for power; the sleeving being shaped and dimensioned so as to be capable of receiving junction connectors which, provide simultaneous communication to the data bus and contact with the electrical path and a control means is provided for monitoring a condition or state of the system via either the data bus or electrical path for power; a means for determining a hierarchy for appliances in accordance with their power consumption requirements; and a means for isolating appliances in accordance with at least one predetermined criterion. 6. A system according to claim 5 wherein the criteria are from the group comprising: current, maximum power rating; duration of operation; bandwidth requirements; data usage and hierarchical significance. 7. A network according to claim 1 wherein a filter, such as an inductor, is located at a terminal of the electrical path, so as to isolate any data on the electrical path from power on the electrical path. 8. A network according to claim 1 wherein a data bus includes an independent power supply so as to enable the data bus to communicate with the network when power is not present on a mains supply line. 9. A network according to claim 1 has a means for monitoring a mains voltage supply and is adapted to supply a current to an appliance, connected to the mains when power is not present on a mains supply line. 10. A network according to claim 1 wherein a current interlacer allocates electrical current to a plurality of appliances. 11. A network according to claim 1 wherein a filter is provided for removing electrical noise. 12. A network according to claim 1 which includes a data communication system comprising: a multi-core cable; an optical fibre data cable within said multi-core cable; a power supply cable within said multi-core cable; an insulating sheath about said multi-core cable; a connector clamp with means to pierce through the insulating sheath to electrically connect to said multi-core cable; and a data distribution device to electrically connect to said connector clamp to facilitate data and/or power distribution. 13. A network according to claim 11 wherein the data bus is an optical fibre. 14. A network according to claim 12 wherein the optical fibre is formed from synthetic plastics material, such as a polymer. 15. A network according to claim 1 which is adapted to carry a voltage less than 240 Volts, ideally less than 60 Volts and preferably 48 Volts. 16. A network according to claim 1 wherein a connector clamp incorporates piercing means to electrically connect to said optical fibre data cable and/or said power supply cable upon clamping about the cable. 17. A network according to claim 1 which includes a terminal connector which is adapted to connect to a peripheral device, from the group of devices comprising: a wireless data transmitter/receiver device; and encoder suitable for converting one signal into another; an amplifier, a filter, a switch, a timer, personal computer, laptop, display, printer, scanner, telephone. 18. A network according to claim 1 which includes devices from the group comprising: clamps, junction boxes, amplifiers, multiplexers, attenuators, adaptors and splitters. 19. A network according to claim 1 which includes lamps, chargers, fans, displays, printers and scanners. 20. A network according to claim 1 which includes sources of electrical energy including: solar panels, wind generators, batteries, dynamos, fuel cells and Stirling engines. 21. A network according to claim 1 which includes a data communication system wherein a programmable device is adapted to multiplex a signal from a plurality of signals. 22. A network according to claim 1 which includes a connector profiled to match the profile of the cabling and arranged to co-operate therewith so as to form simultaneously electrical and optical components. 23. A network according to claim 1 wherein at least two channels are provided, a first channel for a first service provider and a second channel for a second service provider. 24. A network according to claim 1 wherein the means to pierce comprises a plurality of metal projections for forming an electrical connection and at least one optical connection. 25. A building, office or dwelling, includes a network according to claim 1 so that a low voltage network provides a power supply. 26. A method of communicating using a data network comprising the steps of providing: a data bus and an electrical conductor encased within a sleeving, the data bus defining a lath for data and the conductor defining an electrical path; the sleeving being shaped and dimensioned so as to be capable of receiving junction connectors, piercing the sleeving, so as to provide simultaneous connection to the data bus and electrical path and extracting current and/or data. 27-28. (canceled) 