A low voltage/power ratio photovoltaic power generation panel includes a plurality of photovoltaic cells, wherein at least a subset of the cells are arranged in an array of "x" columns and "y" rows of cells connected in a two dimensional matrix configuration, wherein the cells in each row are connected in parallel and the cells in each column are connected in series. The cells in the panel are connected by arranging the plurality of cells in a plurality of columns, each column having a number of cells; arranging the plurality of columns in the number of rows; and connecting the plurality of cells together in a two dimensional matrix configuration by connecting the cells in each row together in parallel and the cells in each column in series.
Claims 1. A low voltage/power ratio photovoltaic power generation panel comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cells, wherein at least a subset of the cells are arranged in an array of "x" columns and "y" rows of cells connected in a two dimensional matrix configuration, wherein the cells in each row are connected in parallel and the cells in each column are connected in series. 2. The panel according to claim 1 wherein "x" is at least 3 and "y" is at least 3. 3. The panel according to claim 1 wherein "x" is at least 4 and "y" is at least 3. 4. The panel according to claim 1 wherein the panel includes a plurality of two dimensional matrices of cells connected in series. 5. A method of connecting a plurality of photovoltaic cells together in a panel comprising: arranging the plurality of cells in a plurality of columns, each column having a number of cells; arranging the plurality of columns in the number of rows; and connecting the plurality of cells together in a two dimensional matrix configuration by connecting the cells in each row together in parallel and the cells in each column in series. 6. The method of claim 5 wherein each cell has a negative terminal and a positive terminal, and the connecting includes for each row of cells electrically joining the negative terminals together and joining the positive terminals together. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein the connecting includes electrically joining the number of rows by joining positive terminals of each row of cells to negative terminals of a next row of the cells. 8. A power generating system comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cell panels; each panel containing a plurality of photovoltaic cells connected together in a two dimensional matrix configuration; and an inverter connected between at least one of the panels and an AC power distribution grid. 9. The system according to claim 8 wherein the panels are connected to the inverter without an up-converter therebetween. 10. The system of claim 8 wherein each panel comprises: a plurality of photovoltaic cells, wherein at least a subset of the cells are arranged in an array of "x" columns and "y" rows of cells connected in the two dimensional matrix configuration, wherein the cells in each row are connected in parallel and the cells in each column are connected in series. 11. The system according to claim 10 wherein "x" is at least 3 and "y" is at least 3. 12. The system according to claim 10 wherein "x" is at least 4 and "y" is at least 3. 13. The system according to claim 10 wherein each panel includes a plurality of two dimensional matrices of cells connected in series. 