A mounting system for photovoltaic solar panels providing support for different sized panels, and/or panels having mounting holes located in different locations. A universal panel clamp includes at least one elongated hole or slot to attach to a mounting hole on a solar panel frame. A clamp is attached to an upper hole, and a second clamp is attached to a lower mounting hole. The upper clamps are attached to an upper lateral support member, and the lower clamps are attached to a lower lateral support member. This assembly may be supported by A-shaped support members having adjustable tilt arms, or posts with specially configured brackets.
Claims 1-29. (canceled) 30. A mounting clamp for solar panels comprising: a top section comprising: at least one elongated slot for aligning with a mounting hole on a solar panel; and a spacer fin configured to provide a fixed gap between adjacent solar panels; a rear section; and mounting hardware to attach the top and rear sections together around a support member. 31. The mounting clamp of claim 30, wherein the at least one elongated slot is sized to accommodate solar panel mounting holes which are located in a band approximately 0.5'' to 1.25'' from an edge of a solar panel frame. 32. The mounting clamp of claim 30, wherein the at least one elongated slot is sized to accommodate solar panel mounting holes which are located in a band approximately 0.25'' to 2'' from an edge of a solar panel frame. 33. The mounting clamp of claim 30, wherein the front and rear sections are configured to attach to a round metal support tube. 34. The mounting clamp of claim 30, wherein the top section comprises two elongated slots for aligning with mounting holes on adjacent solar panels in an array. 35. The mounting clamp of claim 34, wherein the two elongated slots are enclosed elongated holes approximately 0.35.times.0.75 inches, and spaced approximately 1.4 inches apart at their inner edges. 36. The mounting clamp of claim 30, wherein the top section further comprises a top attachment hole and a bottom attachment hole, and the rear section comprises a top attachment hole and a bottom attachment hole. 37. A mounting clamp for solar panels comprising: a top section comprising: two elongated holes for aligning with mounting holes on adjacent solar panels; and a spacer fin configured to provide a fixed gap between the adjacent solar panels; and a rear section; wherein the top and rear sections are configured to attach together around a support member. 38. The mounting clamp of claim 37, wherein the elongated holes are sized to accommodate solar panel mounting holes which are located in a band approximately 0.5'' to 1.25'' from an edge of a solar panel frame. 39. The mounting clamp of claim 37, wherein the elongated holes are sized to accommodate solar panel mounting holes which are located in a band approximately 0.25'' to 2'' from an edge of a solar panel frame. 40. The mounting clamp of claim 37, wherein the two elongated holes are approximately 0.35.times.0.75 inches, and spaced approximately 1.4 inches apart at their inner edges. 