A training device to enhance hand-eye coordination includes an illumination device for determining the proper time for an individual to strike a ball and to collect practice information for later evaluation. The device allows an individual to practice hitting a ball with a racket or bat, providing an immediate indication whether the ball has been properly struck. Also, an individual is provided with a record of his/her performance reviewable by a professional. The device includes a ball affixed to a flexible support assembly, the support and the ball reciprocating or pivoting when the ball has been struck. The location of the ball is constantly monitored each time the ball is struck. The amount of force applied to the ball when struck by an individual or implement can also be determined. Information relating to the manner in which the ball has been struck is recorded and is analyzed in real time.
Claims 1. A ball sports trainer for assisting an individual to practice hitting a ball with an implement, comprising: a flexible support having a top end and a bottom end; a ball attached to said flexible support in proximity to said top end; a base supporting said flexible support; and a first illumination device provided in said base for projecting a first beam of light upward from said base through said flexible support directed toward said top end of said flexible support; wherein when the individual hits said ball with the implement, said ball and said top end of the said flexible support move in a reciprocating arc through a top dead center point, and further wherein said top end of said flexible support is illuminated by said first illumination device when said top end of said flexible support passes through the top dead center point, indicating the proper time the individual should hit said ball with the implement. 2. The ball sports trainer according to claim 1, further including a reciprocating load cell attached on said base for sensing when the individual hits said ball as well as torque generated when the individual hits the ball. 3. The ball sports trainer according to claim 2, wherein said flexible support includes first and second springs. 4. The ball sports trainer according to claim 3, wherein said first and second springs are supported by a non-flexible hollow housing including a first section attached between said first spring and said base, and a second section attached between said second spring and said base. 5. The ball sports trainer according to claim 4, wherein said first section includes a first top tube member and a first bottom tube member inserted into said first outer tube member and said second section includes a second outer tube member and a second bottom tube member for adjusting the height of the sport training device inserted into said second outer tube member. 6. The ball sports trainer according to claim 3, further wherein said first illumination device projects said first beam of light through said first spring, and further including a second illumination device and an illumination sensing device provided in said base for projecting a second beam of light upward from said first base through said second spring, said illumination sensing device receiving a signal reflected from said top end of said flexible support when said second spring passes through said top dead center point. 7. The ball sports trainer according to claim 1, further including a motor/generator provided within said ball and a lateral load cell attached to said base, said motor/generator sensing an amount of spin provided when the individual hits the ball and said lateral load cell sensing lateral torque produced when the individual strikes the ball. 8. The ball sports trainer according to claim 1, further including first and second longitudinal members attached to said base for assisting in moving the reciprocating ball sports trainer. 9. The ball sports trainer according to claim 8, further including at least one roller or skid pad attached to said first and second longitudinal members used to control movement and braking of the reciprocating ball sports trainer. 10. The ball sports trainer according to claim 1, further including a U-shaped ball mount for mounting said ball to said flexible support and further including a ball spinner retarder provided between said U-shaped ball mount and said ball. 11. The ball sports trainer according to claim 1, further including a visual display provided on said base for displaying information related to the individual's use of the ball sports trainer. 12. The ball sports trainer according to claim 9, wherein said roller is attached to one end of said first and second longitudinal members in proximity to said base and further including skid attached skid pads attached to a second end of said first and second longitudinal members. 13. The ball sports trainer according to claim 11, further including a plurality of function buttons provided on said base for changing an amount and a type of information measured as recorded, as well as displayed on said digital display. 14. The ball sports trainer according to claim 10, further including a device for changing an angle of said U-shaped ball mount with respect to said flexible support. 15. The ball sports trainer according to claim 6, wherein said second spring has a partially reflective lens mounted at its top end, said lens reflecting said signal at said top dead center point and also glowing to indicate top dead center to said individual. 16. The ball sports trainer according to claim 5, wherein said respective top and bottom tube members telescope with respect to one another, and further including locking sleeves for releasably locking a telescoped relationship between said respective top and bottom tube members. 17. The ball sports trainer according to claim 7, wherein said motor/generator comprises a rotor attached to said ball and constrained to move therewith and a stator fixed to a mount for said ball, said stator including windings, whereby movements of said ball and rotor with respect to the stator and mount cause a voltage to be induced into said stator. 18. The ball sports trainer according to claim 17, wherein voltage induced into said stator is related to speed of rotation of said ball. 19. The ball sports trainer according to claim 13, further including a microprocessor receiving inputs responsive to operation of said function buttons to cause recording and display of information. 20. The ball sports trainer according to claim 19, wherein said microprocessor is connected to a gaming station. 21. The ball sports trainer according to claim 19, further including means for connecting said microprocessor to a global computer network directly or wirelessly. 22. The ball sports trainer according to claim 19, wherein said microprocessor is battery powered. 23. The ball sports trainer according to claim 22, wherein said battery is charged by a solar panel. 24. A ball sports trainer for assisting an individual to practice hitting a ball with an implement, comprising: a flexible support having a top end and a bottom end; a ball attached to said flexible support in proximity to said top end; a base supporting said flexible support; and a first illumination device comprising a light emitting diode provided in said base for projecting a first beam of light upward from said base through said flexible support directed toward said top end of said flexible support; wherein when the individual hits said ball with the implement, said ball and said top end of the said flexible support move in a reciprocating arc through a top dead center point, and further wherein said top end of flexible support is illuminated by said first illumination device when said top end of said flexible support passes through the top dead center point, indicating the proper time the individual should hit said ball with the implement, said flexible support comprising first and second springs each supported by a non-flexible hollow housing including a first section attached between said first spring and said base, and a second section attached between said second spring and said base, said first section including a first top tube member and a first bottom tube member inserted into said first outer tube member and said second section including a second outer tube member and a second bottom tube member for adjusting the height of the sport training device inserted into said second outer tube member. 25. The ball sports trainer according to claim 24, further wherein said first illumination device projects said first beam of light through said first spring, and further including a second illumination device and an illumination sensing device provided in said base for projecting a second beam of light upward from said first base through said second spring, said illumination sensing device receiving a signal reflected from said top end of said flexible support when said second spring passes through said top dead center point. 26. The ball sports trainer according to claim 24, further including a motor/generator provided within said ball and a lateral load cell attached to said base, said motor/generator sensing an amount of spin provided when the individual hits the ball and said lateral load cell sensing lateral torque produced when the individual strikes the ball. 27. The ball sports trainer according to claim 26, wherein said motor/generator comprises a rotor attached to said ball and constrained to move therewith and a stator fixed to a mount for said ball, said stator including windings, whereby movements of said ball and rotor with respect to the stator and mount causes a voltage to be induced into said stator. 28. The ball sports trainer according to claim 27, wherein voltage induced into said stator is related to speed of rotation of said ball. 29. The ball sports trainer according to claim 24, further including a microprocessor receiving inputs responsive to operation of said function buttons to cause recording and display of information. 30. The ball sports trainer according to claim 29, further including means for connecting said microprocessor to a global computer network directly or wirelessly. 