A solar concentrator assembly includes a pair of rails coupled together only by one or more backpans which are mounted between the pair of rails. The rails are configured to resist a portion of a cantilever deflection along the length of the rails. The backpans seat solar concentrator arrays and are configured to provide torsional rigidity and deflection resistance in at least one direction orthogonal to the cantilever deflection.
Claims 1. A solar concentrator assembly comprising: a plurality of backpans, wherein each backpan is capable of seating a solar concentrator array; and a plurality of rails, wherein a pair of rails in the plurality of rails is coupled together only by one or more backpans mounted between the pair of rails; wherein the rails are configured to resist a portion of a cantilever deflection along the length of the rails, and wherein the backpan is configured to provide a) torsional rigidity and b) deflection resistance in at least one direction orthogonal to the cantilever deflection. 2. The assembly of claim 1 wherein each of the backpans is configured with a plurality of depressions and troughs integrally formed in a bottom surface of the backpan, and wherein the plurality of depressions are connected by the troughs. 3. The assembly of claim 2 wherein the plurality of troughs and depressions contribute to providing the torsional rigidity and the deflection resistance of the backpan, and wherein the plurality of troughs and depressions are capable of accommodating electrical leads. 4. The assembly of claim 1 further comprising a support beam upon which the rails are mounted, wherein the rails are mounted transverse to the support beam. 5. The assembly of claim 4 further comprising a tracker head and a pedestal, wherein the support beam is coupled to the tracker head and to the pedestal. 6. The assembly of claim 1 wherein each pair of rails and the one or more backpans mounted in the pair of rails defines a multi-panel assembly, and wherein the multi-panel assemblies are modular from each other. 7. The assembly of claim 6 wherein the one or more backpans provides greater structural stiffness to the multi-panel assembly than is provided by the plurality of rails. 8. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the backpan resists a portion of a cantilever deflection along the length of the rails. 9. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the backpan is fabricated from aluminum having a thickness between 0.5-3.0 mm. 10. The assembly of claim 1 wherein each rail consists of a vertical face and a horizontal face forming an L-shaped cross-section, and wherein the backpan is mounted to the vertical face of the rail. 11. The assembly of claim 10 wherein the rail is fabricated from steel having a thickness between 0.5-2.0 mm, wherein the vertical face is 75-300 mm high, and wherein the horizontal face is 75-300 mm long. 12. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the backpans are pre-aligned with the rails at a manufacturing location, and wherein the rails maintain the pre-alignment throughout transport to a field location and assembly in the field location. 13. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the solar concentrator array is an array of m.times.n solar concentrators, wherein m equals at least 2 and n equals at least 2. 14. A method of manufacturing a solar concentrator panel assembly, the method comprising the steps of: seating a solar concentrator array in a backpan; providing a pair of rails, wherein the rails are configured to resist a portion of a cantilever deflection; and mounting one or more backpans between the pair of rails, wherein the rails are coupled together by only the one or more backpans, and wherein the one or more backpans mounted to the rails comprises a multi-panel assembly; wherein each backpan is configured to provide a) torsional rigidity and b) deflection resistance in a direction transverse to the rails; and wherein the multi-panel assembly is capable of maintaining a pre-determined alignment between the backpans and the rails while being transported. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising the step of aligning the backpans in the rails prior to being transported. 16. The method of claim 14, further comprising the steps of: coupling the panel assembly to a torque tube; coupling the torque tube to a tracker head; and coupling the tracker head to a pedestal mount. 