A system for supplying energy is provided. The system comprises a shelter for users of an outdoor recreational area. The shelter has a roof portion and photovoltaic cells disposed on the roof portion, the photovoltaic cells being arranged to convert solar energy into electrical energy. The system also comprises an energy distribution system arranged to receive converted electrical energy from the photovoltaic cells, and to receive grid electrical energy from a power distribution network. The energy distribution system is arranged to provide converted electrical energy to an electrically powered component of the system at times when there is sufficient converted electrical energy to power the component, and to provide grid electrical energy to the component at times when there is insufficient converted electrical energy to power the component.
Claims 1. A system for supplying energy, the system comprising: a shelter for users of an outdoor recreational area, the shelter having a roof portion, photovoltaic cells disposed on the roof portion, the photovoltaic cells being arranged to convert solar energy into electrical energy; and an energy distribution system arranged to receive converted electrical energy from the photovoltaic cells, and to receive grid electrical energy from a power distribution network, the energy distribution system being arranged to provide converted electrical energy to an electrically powered component of the system at times when there is sufficient converted electrical energy to power the component, and to provide grid electrical energy to the component at times when there is insufficient converted electrical energy to power the component. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the system is arranged to provide converted electrical energy to the power distribution network. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the system is arranged to provide converted electrical energy to the power distribution network when the amount of electrical energy converted by the photovoltaic cells exceeds an amount of energy required by the component of the system. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the system comprises at least one of the following electrically powered components: a lighting system; a water distribution system; a security system; and a climate control system. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the lighting system is arranged to provide light to a region that is shaded by the shelter and/or to a region external the shaded region. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the system is arranged to power the lighting system via the converted electrical energy so as to light the shaded region when there is sufficient converted electrical energy to do so. 7. The system of claim 5, wherein the system is arranged to power the lighting system via grid electrical energy so as to light the shaded region and/or the external region when there is insufficient converted electrical energy to provide power to light the shaded region. 8. The system of claim 4, wherein the water distribution system comprises a water container and is arranged to divert water received from rainfall to the water container. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the water distribution system is arranged to collect rain water that runs off the roof portion of the shelter. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein the water distribution system comprises an irrigation system arranged to provide water from the water container to plant life in a region around and/or under the shelter. 11. The system of claim 8, wherein the water distribution system comprises a water dispenser for providing water to users of the shelter or surrounding region, the water distribution system being arranged to provide collected water to the water dispenser. 12. The system of claim 10, wherein the water distribution system comprises a pump system for transferring water from the water container to the irrigation system and/or water dispenser, the pump system being powered by the energy distribution system. 13. The system of claim 10, wherein at least some of the pressure required to transfer water from the water container to the irrigation system and/or water dispenser is provided by arranging the water container in an elevated position. 14. The system of claim 8, wherein the water distribution system is arranged to cool water that has been collected. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the water distribution system is arranged to cool the collected water by using energy supplied by the energy distribution system. 16. The system of claim 4, wherein the climate control system is any appropriate system that allows a climate of or around shelter to be at least partially controlled. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the climate control system is arranged to cool and spray water supplied by the water distribution system. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the water is sprayed in a relatively fine mist so as to cool people using the shelter, or in the vicinity of the shelter. 19. The system of claim 4, wherein the security system is arranged to provide security video to security and/or law enforcement personnel to assist in monitoring the safety of users of the recreational area and/or to deter vandalism and other acts of antisocial behavior in and around the shelter. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein the security system is powered by the energy distribution system. 21. The system of claim 1, wherein the system comprises a generation meter arranged to record an amount of electrical energy produced by the photovoltaic cells. 22. The system of claim 21, wherein the generation meter is arranged to record a total amount of electrical energy generated by the photovoltaic cells. 23. The system of claim 21, wherein the generation meter is arranged to record an amount of excess converted electrical energy that has been provided to the power distribution network. 24. The system of claim 1, wherein the system comprises a consumption meter arranged to record an amount of electrical energy consumed from the power distribution network when the amount of sunlight impinging on the photovoltaic cells is insufficient to power the electrically powered component. 