A method of controlling a photovoltaic system includes providing a photovoltaic device having a variable DC voltage output and a variable DC current output. The photovoltaic device has a combination of a voltage output level and a current output level corresponding to a maximum power point. A DC power supply is connected in a parallel and/or series combination with the photovoltaic device. A DC load is connected in series to the combination of the DC power supply and the photovoltaic device such that the load is powered by the combination. A characteristic of the DC power supply is adjusted such that the voltage output and the current output of the photovoltaic device substantially match the voltage output level and the current output level corresponding to the maximum power point or other desired power point.
Claims 1. A method of controlling a photovoltaic system, comprising the steps of: providing a photovoltaic device having a variable DC voltage output and a variable DC current output, the photovoltaic device having a combination of a voltage output level and a current output level corresponding to a maximum power point; connecting a DC power supply in a parallel or series combination with the photovoltaic device; connecting a DC load to the combination of the DC power supply and the photovoltaic device such that the DC load is powered by the combination; and adjusting a characteristic of the DC power supply such that the voltage output and the current output of the photovoltaic device substantially match the voltage output level and the current output level corresponding to the maximum power point. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the DC load is electrically coupled to an inverter. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the DC load is not electrically coupled to an inverter. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the DC load is variable and controllable. 5. The method of claim 1, comprising the further step of connecting an isolation diode in series with the photovoltaic device. 6. The method of claim 1, comprising the further step of connecting an isolation diode in series with the DC power supply. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the characteristic of the DC power supply comprises a power output, current output, and/or voltage output of the DC power supply. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the DC load comprises an HVAC system, a lighting system, a refrigeration system, a data center, an electric vehicle charging system, a ventilation system and/or a motor. 9. A photovoltaic system, comprising: a photovoltaic device having a variable DC voltage output and a variable DC current output, the photovoltaic device having a combination of a voltage output level and a current output level corresponding to a maximum power point; a DC power supply connected in a parallel or series combination with the photovoltaic device; a DC load connected to the combination of the DC power supply and the photovoltaic device such that the DC load is configured to be powered by the combination; wherein the DC power supply has an adjustable output such that the voltage output and the current output of the photovoltaic device are adjustable in response to an adjustment of an output of the DC power supply; and a control device coupled to the DC power supply and configured to automatically adjust the output of the DC power supply such that the voltage output and the current output of the photovoltaic device substantially match the voltage output level and the current output level corresponding to the maximum power point. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the DC load is electrically coupled to an inverter. 11. The system of claim 9, wherein the DC load is not electrically coupled to an inverter. 12. The system of claim 9, wherein the DC load is variable and controllable. 13. The system of claim 9, further comprising an isolation diode connected in series with the photovoltaic device. 14. The system of claim 9, further comprising an isolation diode connected in series with the DC power supply. 15. The system of claim 9, wherein the output of the DC power supply comprises a power output, current output, and/or voltage output of the DC power supply. 16. The system of claim 9, wherein the DC load comprises an HVAC system, a lighting system, a refrigeration system, a data center, an electric vehicle charging system, a ventilation system, and/or a motor. 17. A method of controlling a photovoltaic system, comprising the steps of: providing a photovoltaic device having a variable DC voltage output and a variable DC current output, the photovoltaic device having a combination of a voltage output level and a current output level corresponding to a maximum power point; connecting a DC-to-AC inverter to an output of the photovoltaic device; connecting a DC load to the output of the photovoltaic device; and adjusting a current draw of the DC-to-AC inverter such that the voltage output and the current output of the photovoltaic device substantially match the voltage output level and the current output level corresponding to the maximum power point. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein the DC load is variable and controllable. 19. The method of claim 17, comprising the further step of connecting an isolation diode in series with the photovoltaic device. 20. The method of claim 17, wherein the DC load comprises an HVAC system, a lighting system, a refrigeration system, a data center, an electric vehicle charging system, a ventilation system, and/or a motor. 