A converter assembly includes a DC-DC converter, an inverter, a DC link, an input capacitor, an inductor and a neutral conductor. The DC-DC converter includes at least one DC-DC converter unit. The input capacitor includes an input capacitor unit for each of the at least one DC-DC converter unit, where each of the input capacitor units has a midpoint. The neutral conductor is connected to a neutral point on an output side of the inverter. The inductor includes an inverter side inductor between each output terminal of the inverter means and the neutral point on output side of the inverter. The neutral conductor is connected to the midpoint of each of the input capacitor units.
Claims 1. A converter assembly comprising: DC-DC converter means including at least one DC-DC converter unit having input terminals and an output; inverter means having at least one input terminal and at least one output terminal; a DC link electrically connecting the output of the at least one DC-DC converter unit to the at least one input terminal of the inverter means; input capacitor means including an input capacitor unit for a corresponding one of each of the at least one DC-DC converter unit, each input capacitor unit being connected between the input terminals of a corresponding one of the at least one DC-DC converter unit; a neutral conductor connected to a neutral point on an output side of the inverter means; and inductor means including an inverter side inductor between each output terminal of the inverter means and the neutral point on the output side of the inverter means, wherein the neutral conductor is connected to a corresponding midpoint of each of the input capacitor units. 2. A converter assembly according to claim 1, wherein each inverter side inductor is connected in series with a load of the inverter means. 3. A converter assembly according to claim 1, comprising: a neutral point filter capacitor between each output terminal of the inverter means and the neutral point on the output side of the inverter means. 4. A converter assembly according to claim 1, wherein each of the at least one DC-DC converter unit of the DC-DC converter means has a symmetrical structure with respect to a midpoint of the at least one DC-DC converter unit. 5. A converter assembly according to claim 1, wherein a modulation sequence of the inverter means is synchronized with a modulation sequence of each of the at least one DC-DC converter unit. 6. A converter assembly according to claim 1, wherein the at least one DC-DC converter unit is configured to step up direct voltage. 7. A converter assembly according to claim 6, wherein the at least one DC-DC converter unit is configured to step down direct voltage. 8. A power plant comprising: power supply means including at least one power supply unit having supply terminals, each of the power supply units being configured to generate a direct current and to feed the direct current out of the power supply unit via the supply terminals; and a converter assembly according to claim 1, wherein the supply terminals of each power supply unit are connected to input terminals of corresponding one of the at least one DC-DC converter unit. 9. A power plant according to claim 8, wherein: the power plant is a solar power plant; and each power supply unit includes a photovoltaic cell unit configured to convert solar energy into direct current. 10. A power plant comprising: power supply means including at least one power supply unit having supply terminals, each of the power supply units being configured to generate a direct current and to feed the direct current out of the power supply unit via the supply terminals; and a converter assembly according to claim 2, wherein the supply terminals of each power supply unit are connected to input terminals of corresponding one of the at least one DC-DC converter unit. 11. A power plant according to claim 10, wherein: the power plant is a solar power plant; and each power supply unit includes a photovoltaic cell unit configured to convert solar energy into direct current. 12. A power plant comprising: power supply means including at least one power supply unit having supply terminals, each of the power supply units being configured to generate a direct current and to feed the direct current out of the power supply unit via the supply terminals; and a converter assembly according to claim 3, wherein the supply terminals of each power supply unit are connected to input terminals of corresponding one of the at least one DC-DC converter unit. 13. A power plant according to claim 12, wherein: the power plant is a solar power plant; and each power supply unit includes a photovoltaic cell unit configured to convert solar energy into direct current. 14. A power plant comprising: power supply means including at least one power supply unit having supply terminals, each of the power supply units being configured to generate a direct current and to feed the direct current out of the power supply unit via the supply terminals; and a converter assembly according to claim 4, wherein the supply terminals of each power supply unit are connected to input terminals of corresponding one of the at least one DC-DC converter unit. 15. A power plant according to claim 14, wherein: the power plant is a solar power plant; and each power supply unit includes a photovoltaic cell unit configured to convert solar energy into direct current. 16. A power plant comprising: power supply means including at least one power supply unit having supply terminals, each of the power supply units being configured to generate a direct current and to feed the direct current out of the power supply unit via the supply terminals; and a converter assembly according to claim 5, wherein the supply terminals of each power supply unit are connected to input terminals of corresponding one of the at least one DC-DC converter unit. 17. A power plant according to claim 16, wherein: the power plant is a solar power plant; and each power supply unit includes a photovoltaic cell unit configured to convert solar energy into direct current. 18. A power plant comprising: power supply means including at least one power supply unit having supply terminals, each of the power supply units being configured to generate a direct current and to feed the direct current out of the power supply unit via the supply terminals; and a converter assembly according to claim 7, wherein the supply terminals of each power supply unit are connected to input terminals of corresponding one of the at least one DC-DC converter unit. 19. A power plant according to claim 18, wherein: the power plant is a solar power plant; and each power supply unit includes a photovoltaic cell unit configured to convert solar energy into direct current. 