Distributed maximum power point tracking systems, structures, and processes are provided for power generation structures, such as for but not limited to a solar panel arrays. In an exemplary solar panel string structure, distributed maximum power point tracking (DMPPT) modules are provided, such as integrated into or retrofitted for each solar panel. The DMPPT modules provide panel level control for startup, operation, monitoring, and shutdown, and further provide flexible design and operation for strings of multiple panels. The strings are typically linked in parallel to a combiner box, and then toward and enhanced inverter module, which is typically connected to a power grid. Enhanced inverters are controllable either locally or remotely, wherein system status is readily determined, and operation of one or more sections of the system are readily controlled. The system provides increased operation time, and increased power production and efficiency, over a wide range of operating conditions.
Claims 1. A control module for a power panel, comprising: input connections that are connectable to one or more DC power cells; output connections that are connectable to an inverter; a signal processing circuit connected to the input connections and to the output connections; a crowbar circuit that is located across the input connections; and a controller that is connected to the signal processing circuit, wherein the controller comprises a communications link that is connectable to a server; wherein the controller is configured to drive the crowbar circuit to short across the input connections to shut down the DC output of the power panel in response to an input signal that is sent from the server and received at the controller over the communications link. 2. The control module of claim 1, wherein the input signal to shut down the DC output of the power panel corresponds with any of service, safety, or fire. 3. The control module of claim 1, wherein the control module further comprises a mechanism for sending a data signal to the server over the communications link. 4. The control module of claim 3, wherein the input signal sent from the server and received at the controller is at least partially responsive to the data signal. 5. The control module of claim 3, wherein the data signal comprises any of input voltage data, input current data, output voltage data, output current data, temperature data, or insolation data. 6. The control module of claim 1, wherein the DC power cells comprise any of solar panels, fuel cells, or batteries. 7. The control module of claim 1, wherein the communications link comprises any of a wired communications link or a wireless communications link. 8. The control module of claim 1, wherein the control module is any of reprogrammable or updatable in response to instructions received over the communications link, to modify any of operation, safety and shutdown operations. 9. The control module of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to drive the crowbar circuit to short across the input connections to shut down the DC output of the power panel if communications are lost with the server over the communications link. 10. A process, comprising the steps of: providing a power panel, comprising a control module comprising input connections, output connections that are connectable to an inverter, a signal processing circuit connected to the input connections and to the output connections, a crowbar circuit that is located across the input connections, and a controller connected to the signal processing circuit, and a plurality of DC power cells connected to the input connections of the control module; providing a communications link between the controller and a server; receiving an input signal at the control module over the communications link, wherein the input signal is transmitted from a server; and driving the crowbar circuit to short across the input connections to shut down the DC output of the power panel in response to the received input signal. 11. The process of claim 10, wherein the step of driving the crowbar circuit to shut down the DC output of the power panel is performed for any of service, safety, or fire. 12. The process of claim 10, further comprising the step of: sending a data signal to the server over the communications link. 13. The process of claim 12, wherein the input signal is at least partially responsive to the data signal. 14. The process of claim 12, wherein the sent data signal comprises any of input voltage data, input current data, output voltage data, output current data, temperature data, or insolation data. 15. The process of claim 10, wherein the DC power cells comprise any of solar panels, fuel cells, or batteries. 16. The process of claim 10, wherein the communications link comprises any of a wired communications link or a wireless communications link. 17. The process of claim 10, further comprising the step of: reprogramming or updating the control module in response to a instructions received over the communications link, to modify any of operation, safety and shutdown operations. 18. The process of claim 10, further comprising the step of: automatically driving the crowbar circuit to short across the input connections to shut down the DC output of the power panel if communications are lost with the server over the communications link. 19. A server, comprising: at least one processor; and a communications link for connection to a power panel, wherein the power panel comprises a control module comprising input connections, output connections that are connectable to an inverter, a signal processing circuit connected to the input connections and to the output connections, a crowbar circuit that is located across the input connections, and a controller connected to the signal processing circuit, and a plurality of DC power cells connected to the input connections of the control module; wherein the at least one processor is controllable to send an input signal to the control module over the communications link to drive the corresponding crowbar circuit to short across the input connections to shut down the DC output of the power panel. 20. The server of claim 19, wherein the input signal to shut down the DC output of the power panel corresponds with any of service, safety, or fire. 21. The server of claim 19, wherein the server further comprises a mechanism for receiving a data signal from the control module over the communications link. 22. The server of claim 21, wherein the input signal sent from the server is at least partially responsive to the data signal. 23. The server of claim 21, wherein the data signal comprises any of input voltage data, input current data, output voltage data, output current data, temperature data, or insolation data. 24. The server of claim 19, wherein the DC power cells comprise any of solar panels, fuel cells, or batteries. 25. The server of claim 19, wherein the communications link comprises any of a wired communications link or a wireless communications link. 26. The server of claim 19, wherein the at least one processor is controllable to send instructions to the control module over the communications link, to modify any of operation, safety and shutdown operations. 27. The server of claim 19, further comprising: a user interface for any of monitoring or control of the power panel. 