A multiplier circuit for a voltage Vdc applied to a first input of the circuit, comprising: a first capacitor and a second capacitor; a coupler that in a first state, can electrically couple a first terminal of each capacitor to a zero electrical potential and a second terminal of each capacitor to an electrical potential equal to Vdc, and in a second state can electrically couple the first terminal of the first capacitor to the electrical potential Vdc, the second terminal of the second capacitor to the zero electrical potential, the second terminal of the first capacitor to a first output terminal and the first terminal of the second capacitor to a second output terminal; a controller capable of controlling the change from one state to another.
Claims 1. A multiplier circuit for a voltage Vdc intended to be applied to at least one first input of the circuit, comprising at least: a first capacitor and a second capacitor capable of storing electrical charges; a coupler capable of electrically coupling, in a first state, a first terminal of each capacitor to a zero electrical potential and a second terminal of each capacitor to an electrical potential equal to Vdc, and capable of electrically coupling, in a second state, the first terminal of the first capacitor to the electrical potential Vdc, the second terminal of the second capacitor to the zero electrical potential, the second terminal of the first capacitor to a first output terminal of the circuit, and the first terminal of the second capacitor to a second output terminal of the circuit; a controller capable of controlling the change from one state corresponding to the first or the second state, to another state corresponding to the second or first state respectively. 2. The multiplier circuit according to claim 1, in which the coupler comprises: a first connector capable of electrically coupling, in the first state, the first terminal of the first capacitor to the zero electrical potential, or in the second state, to the electrical potential Vdc; a second connector capable of electrically coupling, in the first state, the second terminal of the first capacitor to the electrical potential Vdc, or in the second state, to the first output terminal; a third connector capable of electrically coupling, in the first state, the first terminal of the second capacitor to the zero electrical potential, or in the second state, to the second output terminal; a fourth connector capable of electrically coupling, in the first state, the second terminal of the second capacitor to the electrical potential Vdc, or in the second state, to the zero electrical potential; each of the first, second, third and fourth connectors comprising at least one switch or a CMOS inverter; and in which the controller comprises a second input of the circuit intended to receive a control signal. 3. The multiplier circuit according to claim 2, in which the first connector comprises a CMOS inverter intended to be electrically powered by the voltage Vdc, the second input of the circuit is electrically coupled to an input of said CMOS inverter and an output of said CMOS inverter is electrically coupled to the first terminal of the first capacitor. 4. The multiplier circuit according to claim 3, in which the second and the third connectors each comprise a switch intended to be controlled by a signal outputted on the output of the CMOS inverter of the first connector. 5. The multiplier circuit according to claim 2, in which the fourth connector comprises a CMOS inverter intended to be electrically powered by the voltage Vdc, the first terminal of the first capacitor is electrically coupled to an input of the CMOS inverter of the fourth connector and an output of the CMOS inverter of the fourth connector is electrically coupled to the second terminal of the second capacitor. 6. The multiplier circuit according to claim 2, in which the second connector comprises a CMOS inverter comprising at least two MOS transistors, the sources of which are coupled to the electrical potential Vdc and to the first output terminal of the circuit, the second terminal of the first capacitor is electrically coupled to an output of the CMOS inverter (302) of the second connector and the first terminal of the first capacitor is electrically coupled to an input of the CMOS inverter of the second connector. 7. The multiplier circuit according to claim 2, in which the third connector comprises a CMOS inverter comprising at least two MOS transistors, the sources of which are electrically coupled to the zero electrical potential and to the second output terminal of the circuit, the first terminal of the second capacitor is electrically coupled to an output of the CMOS inverter of the third connector and the second terminal of the second capacitor is electrically coupled to an input of the CMOS inverter of the third connector. 8. The multiplier circuit according to claim 1, in which the coupler and the controller comprise: a microcontroller capable of electrically coupling, in a first state, the first terminal of the first capacitor to the zero electrical potential, or in the second state, to the electrical potential Vdc, and capable of electrically coupling, in the first state, the second terminal of the second capacitor to the electrical potential Vdc, or in the second state, to the zero electrical potential; at least one electrical load intended to be electrically powered by a voltage outputted between the first and the second output terminal of the multiplier circuit and having a threshold voltage intended to be less than the voltage Vdc; a first electrical resistor electrically coupled between the electrical potential Vdc and the first output terminal of the multiplier circuit; a second electrical resistor electrically coupled between the second output terminal of the multiplier circuit and the zero electrical potential. 9. An electronic device comprising at least: a multiplier circuit according to claim 1; at least one electrical load intended to be electrically powered by a voltage outputted between the first and the second output terminal of the multiplier circuit. 10. The electronic device according to claim 9, in which the electrical load comprises at least one LED. 11. The electronic device according to claim 9, also comprising: an electrical power supply capable of generating an electrical voltage Vdc on an output; a second controller capable of generating a control signal oscillating between two distinct values on an output; in which the first input of the multiplier circuit is electrically coupled to the output of the electrical power supply, and in which the controller of the multiplier circuit is electrically coupled to the output of the second controller. 12. The electronic device according to claim 11, in which the electrical power supply comprises a photovoltaic energy converter coupled to at least one capacitor capable of storing energy outputted by the photovoltaic energy converter and supplying the electrical voltage Vdc to the terminals of said capacitor, or in which the electrical power supply comprises at least one battery or at least one capacitor capable of storing electrical charges outputted from the control signal. 13. The electronic device according to claim 11, in which the second controller comprises at least one oscillator or multi-vibrator, and is coupled to the electrical power supply and to the multiplier circuit. 14. The electronic device according to claim 9, in which the electrical load comprises a plurality of LEDs and at least one multiplexer capable of alternately coupling each LED with the first and second output terminals of the multiplier circuit. 15. A process for multiplying a Vdc voltage comprising at least the following steps: a) coupling of a zero electrical potential to a first terminal of each of a first capacitor and a second capacitor capable of storing electrical charges, and an electrical potential equal to Vdc to a second terminal of each of the two capacitors, electrically charging the first capacitor and the second capacitor, and then b) application of the electrical potential Vdc to the first terminal of the first capacitor, and a zero electrical potential to the second terminal of the second capacitor, an output voltage corresponding to the multiplied voltage Vdc being retrieved between the second terminal of the first capacitor and the first terminal of the second capacitor. 16. The process according to claim 15, in which steps a) and b) are repeated successively, the output voltage being applied to the terminals of at least one LED. 