Disclosed are photovoltaic module mounting assemblies with mounting clamps for connecting multiple photovoltaic modules into a photovoltaic array. One embodiment of the mounting assembly includes mounting clamps that are positioned on the mounting assembly parallel to the scribe lines of the module. Another embodiment of the mounting assembly uses mounting clamps that are configured to hold a portion of the module at a predetermined distance away from the photovoltaic cells of the module.
Claims 1. An apparatus for holding an edge portion of a photovoltaic module, comprising: a support element; and a mounting clamp attached to the support element, the mounting clamp being positioned parallel to scribe lines of the photovoltaic module when holding the edge portion of the photovoltaic module such that at most a single photovoltaic cell of the photovoltaic module is covered by the mounting clamp. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the mounting clamp extends beyond an edge delete area of the photovoltaic module. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein a front edge of the mounting clamp is laterally positioned at least 1 millimeter away from a photovoltaic cell of the photovoltaic module when viewing the module top down such that no photovoltaic cell is covered by the mounting clamp. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the mounting clamp is positioned perpendicular to scribe lines of the photovoltaic module when holding the edge portion of the photovoltaic module. 5. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the front edge of the mounting clamp is laterally positioned about 2 millimeters away from any photovoltaic cell of the photovoltaic module. 6. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the mounting clamp has a width of less than 25 millimeters. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the mounting clamp has a width of approximately 6 millimeters. 8. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the mounting clamp has a length of approximately 150 millimeters. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the mounting clamp has a width of less than 10 millimeters. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the mounting clamp holds edge portions of two adjacent photovoltaic modules. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a plurality of rails spaced apart; and at least one pair of mounting clamps for holding edge portions of a photovoltaic module, the pair of mounting clamps being positioned parallel to scribe lines of the photovoltaic module when holding the edge portions of the photovoltaic module such that at most a single photovoltaic cell of the photovoltaic module is covered by the pair of mounting clamps. 12. The photovoltaic module mounting assembly of claim 11, wherein each mounting clamp holds a corner edge portion of the photovoltaic module. 13. The photovoltaic module mounting assembly of claim 11, wherein the photovoltaic module is installed on the photovoltaic module mounting assembly such that a front edge of a respective mounting clamp is laterally positioned at least 1 millimeter away from a photovoltaic cell of the photovoltaic module when viewing the module top down. 14. A photovoltaic module mounting assembly, comprising: a plurality of rails spaced apart; and at least one pair of mounting clamps for holding edge portions of a photovoltaic module, a top portion of each mounting clamp is located above an edge delete area of the photovoltaic module and has a front edge that is laterally positioned at least 1 millimeter away from a photovoltaic cell of the photovoltaic module. 15. The photovoltaic module mounting assembly of claim 14, wherein each mounting clamp of the pair is positioned parallel to scribe lines of the photovoltaic module when holding the edge portion of the photovoltaic module such that at most a single photovoltaic cell of the photovoltaic module is covered by the pair of mounting clamps. 16. The photovoltaic module mounting assembly of claim 14, wherein the front edge of each mounting clamp of the pair is laterally positioned about 2 millimeters away from any photovoltaic cell of the photovoltaic module. 17. The photovoltaic module mounting assembly of claim 14 wherein each mounting clamp of the pair has a width of less than 10 millimeters. 18. The photovoltaic module mounting assembly of claim 14, wherein each mounting clamp of the pair holds a corner edge portion of the photovoltaic module. 19. A method of installing a photovoltaic module on a support element having preassembled mounting clamps, the method comprising: inserting a first edge portion of the photovoltaic module into a first mounting clamp such that scribe lines of the photovoltaic module are positioned parallel to the first mounting clamp and at most a single photovoltaic cell of the photovoltaic module is covered by the first mounting clamp when holding the first edge portion; laying the photovoltaic module parallel to the support element; and inserting a second edge portion opposite to the first edge portion of the photovoltaic module into a second mounting clamp on the support element opposite to the first mounting clamp. 