A solar simulator is disclosed having a test chamber for receiving a photovoltaic device for testing, an illumination source for selectively illuminating the photovoltaic device to produce a test signal therefrom, a spectrophotometer for providing a measurement of the spectral distribution of the output of the illumination source, a database containing spectral response information of monitor cell, reference device and DUT, and a computation device for receiving said test signal and said measurement, wherein the computation device converts said test signal into a test value based on said measurement.
Claims 1. A solar simulator comprising: a test chamber for receiving a photovoltaic device for testing; an illumination source for selectively illuminating the photovoltaic device to produce a test signal therefrom; a spectrophotometer for providing a measurement of the spectral distribution of the output of the illumination source; a computation device for receiving said test signal and said measurement; wherein the computation device converts said test signal into a test value based on said measurement. 2. A solar simulator comprising: a test chamber for receiving a photovoltaic device for testing; an illumination source for selectively illuminating the photovoltaic device to produce a test signal therefrom; a spectrophotometer for providing a measurement of the absolute illumination/irradiation for regulating the illumination source and light intensity correction calculations; a computation device for receiving said test signal and said measurement; wherein the computation device converts said test signal into a test value based on said measurement. 3. The solar simulator of claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic device and the spectrophotometer are illuminated simultaneously by the illumination source. 4. The solar simulator of claim 2 further comprising a monitor cell housed within said test chamber for illumination with the photovoltaic device. 5. The solar simulator of claim 3 wherein the spectral response characteristics of the photovoltaic device and the monitor cell are known. 6. The solar simulator of claim 4 wherein the computation device further comprises a spectral response database for storing the spectral response characteristics of at least one of the photovoltaic device and the monitor cell. 7. The solar simulator of claim 4 wherein the test value is based on an output from said monitor cell. 8. The solar simulator of claim 5 further comprising a power curve tracer for processing the test signal of said photovoltaic device. 9. The solar simulator of claim 7 wherein the computation device comprises an algorithm that performs at least one of the following calculations: a. spectral mismatch between the photovoltaic device and the monitor cell, and b. spectral mismatch between the spectral distribution of the output of the illumination source and a reference spectrum. 10. The solar simulator of claim 8 wherein said test value is corrected by said at least one spectral mismatch calculation. 11. A method for measuring the characteristics of a photovoltaic device comprising: providing a source of illumination; exposing a spectrophotometer to said illumination to obtain spectral data related to said illumination; exposing the photovoltaic device to said illumination; measuring a characteristic of the photovoltaic device in response to said illumination; and compensating said measurement in accordance with said spectral data. 12. The method of claim 10 wherein said spectrophotometer and said photovoltaic device are illuminated simultaneously. 13. The method of claim 11 wherein said source of illumination is a flashlamp, and said illumination is pulsed for a period of time. 14. The method of claim 12 further comprising: exposing a monitor cell or a spectrophotometer to said illumination to obtain intensity data related to said illumination; and at least one of a. compensating said measurement in accordance with said intensity data, or b. adjusting the intensity of said illumination in accordance with said intensity data. 15. The method of claim 13 further comprising calculating the spectral mismatch between said illumination and a reference spectrum. 16. The method of claim 14 further comprising calculating the mismatch in spectral performance between said photovoltaic device and the monitor cell. 17. A self-calibrating light source for a solar simulator comprising: an illumination source for selectively providing illumination of a test area; a spectrophotometer located in said test area for providing first output related to said illumination; a computation device for calculating a compensation value from said first output. 18. The self-calibrating light source of claim 16 further comprising a monitor cell in said test area for providing a second output related to said illumination; 19. The self-calibrating light source of claim 16 wherein said first output includes spectral data related to said illumination. 20. The self-calibrating light source of claim 18 wherein said compensation value is provided relative to a standard spectrum. 21. The self-calibrating light source of claim 17 wherein said second output includes data related to the intensity of said illumination. 