A method for maintaining network lifetime of a wireless network in wireless communication system, the network including a plurality of device nodes. Selected ones of the wireless nodes have assigned roles in the wireless network. To improve and maintain network lifetime the method includes determining a below threshold operating condition of a first sensor node assigned to a first role and re-assigning the first role to another second node in said network. In other aspects of the invention a method, system and a computer program for carrying out the method are described.
Claims 1. A method for maintaining network lifetime of a wireless sensor network of an industrial control or monitoring system, said wireless sensor network comprising a plurality of wireless sensor nodes wherein selected wireless sensor nodes have assigned roles in said wireless sensor network, characterised by determining a below threshold operating condition of a first wireless sensor node assigned to a role and re-assigning the role to a second wireless sensor node in said network, wherein the determining the below threshold operating condition comprises the first wireless sensor node determining the below threshold operating condition and the first wireless sensor node requesting the re-assignment with a release request to a network coordinator of said wireless sensor network. 2. The method according to claim 1, characterised by determining that the second wireless sensor node is a candidate, that does not have a below threshold operating condition, from a list candidate nodes. 3. The method according to claim 2, characterised by re-assigning the role to second wireless sensor node and deleting the first wireless sensor node A from at least one candidate list held by the second sensor wireless node. 4. The method according to claim 2, characterised by determining that the second wireless sensor node does not have a below threshold operating condition and by the wireless sensor node accepting the role. 5. The method according to claim 2, characterised by determining that the second wireless sensor node has a below threshold operating condition and by wireless sensor node Q passing the role to another candidate on the list. 6. The method according to claim 2, characterised by determining that second sensor node has a below threshold operating condition and by removing second wireless sensor node from the candidate list. 7. The method according to claim 6, characterised by the network coordinator searching the list of candidate sensor nodes to find a wireless sensor node that does not have a below threshold operating, or a wireless node having better operating conditions, according to at least one predetermined criteria. 8. The method according to claim 6, characterised by the network coordinator, on finding a candidate wireless sensor node that does not have a below threshold operating or condition, by sending a role re-assign command to the candidate wireless sensor node and sending a role release confirmation to the first wireless sensor node. 9. The method according to claim 8, characterised by the network coordinator, on finding a candidate wireless sensor node that does not have a below threshold operating condition according to one or more optimisation criteria, by sending a role re-assign command to the wireless candidate sensor node and sending a role release command to the first wireless sensor node. 10. The method according to claim 1, characterised in that the list of candidate nodes is maintained as a list or file in a memory storage unit of a network node. 11. A wireless sensor node arranged for wireless communication in a wireless sensor network of an industrial control or monitoring system arranged for maintaining network lifetime of the wireless sensor network comprising a plurality of wireless sensor nodes, the wireless sensor node being able to be assigned a role, characterised in that the wireless sensor node is arranged to determine a below threshold operating condition of the wireless sensor node, and to request a network coordinator to re-assign the role to another wireless sensor node defining a wireless sensor node in the wireless sensor network. 12. The wireless sensor node according to claim 11, characterised in that the wireless sensor node is configured to be compatible with any standard or protocol from the group of: wireless HART, ISA100, Bluetooth, ZigBee. 13. The wireless sensor node according to claim 11, characterised in that the wireless sensor node is arranged powered at least in part by an energy storage unit comprising any from the group of: battery, accumulator, capacitor, condenser, kinetic motion or vibration to electric energy transducer, temperature difference thermal-magnetic electric conversion generator, solar cell, bio-battery with bacteria, wind or water movement generator. 14. The device according to claim 11, characterised in that the wireless sensor node is equipped with at least one transducer for sensing or measuring a condition of any from the group of: an equipment, a process, an environmental condition in the vicinity of an equipment or a process. 15. Use of a wireless sensor node for communicating data between wireless sensor nodes connected in a wireless sensor network of an industrial control system or a process control system, the wireless sensor node being able to be assigned a role characterised in that the wireless sensor node is arranged to determine a below threshold operating condition of the wireless sensor node, and to request a network coordinator to re-assign the role to another wireless sensor node defining a wireless sensor node in the wireless sensor network. 16. A computer program comprising software code portions or computer code to cause a computer or processor to carry out the steps of a method for maintaining network lifetime of a wireless sensor network of an industrial control or monitoring system, said wireless sensor network comprising a plurality of wireless sensor nodes wherein selected wireless sensor nodes have assigned roles in said wireless sensor network, characterised by determining a below threshold operating condition of a first wireless sensor node assigned to a role and re-assigning the role to a second wireless sensor node in said network wherein the determining the below threshold operating condition comprises the first wireless sensor node determining the below threshold operating condition and the first wireless sensor node requesting the re-assignment with a release request to a network coordinator of said wireless sensor network. 17. A computer program product with software code portions or computer code stored on a computer usable medium, comprising computer readable program means for causing a computer to carry out the steps of a method for maintaining network lifetime of a wireless sensor network of an industrial control or monitoring system, said wireless sensor network comprising a plurality of wireless sensor nodes wherein selected wireless sensor nodes have assigned roles in said wireless sensor network, characterised by determining a below threshold operating condition of a first wireless sensor node assigned to a role and re-assigning the role to a second wireless sensor node in said network, wherein the determining the below threshold operating condition comprises the first wireless sensor node determining the below threshold operating condition and the first wireless sensor node requesting the re-assignment with a release request to a network coordinator of said wireless sensor network. 18. A wireless sensor network system of an industrial control system comprising a plurality of wireless sensor nodes as claimed in claim 11. 19. The system according to claim 18, characterised in that at least one wireless sensor node at any one time has been assigned a role of a network coordinator and maintains a candidate list over all wireless devices that do not have a below threshold operating condition, from a list of candidate wireless devices and carries out functions of a gateway. 20. The system according to claim 18, characterised in that a plurality of wireless sensor nodes each maintains its own candidate list over wireless devices that do not have a below threshold operating condition. 