A solar ballasted racking system holds hot water flat plate solar collectors in place on flat roofs without penetrating the roof surface. The racking system also holds the collector in place, providing a stable, long-term placement on the roof while protecting the roof surface with foam pads placed under the ballast tray. The ballast tray is built in two sections--one to hold the solar collector in place and a second to act as a wind deflector that deflects the wind off the solar collector. Ballast blocks are added into the ballast tray to hold the collector in place. The racking system may enhance the life of the roof while protecting the roof surface and allowing for lower ballasted weights due to the wind deflector.
Claims 1. A solar flat plate collector racking system comprising: a main unit ballast tray adapted to rest on a roof surface; a ballast back tray attached to the main unit ballast tray and adapted to extend away from the roof surface; at least two support straps running diagonally between and attached to the main unit ballast tray and the ballast back tray; a wind deflector ballast tray attached to the main unit ballast tray; a wind deflector channel extending from the wind deflector ballast tray to the ballast back tray; and a wind deflector attached to the wind deflector channel. 2. The solar flat plate collector racking system of claim 1, further comprising side support angle extending from the main unit ballast tray and attached to the wind deflector ballast tray. 3. The solar flat plate collector racking system of claim 1, further comprising one or more support angles disposed along a length of the ballast back tray. 4. The solar flat plate collector racking system of claim 1, further comprising a support angle disposed at the connection between the ballast back tray and the main unit ballast tray. 5. The solar flat plate collector of claim 1, further comprising mounting brackets disposed on an edge of the main unit ballast tray and the ballast back tray. 6. The solar flat plate collector of claim 1, further comprising one or more ballast blocks adapted to be disposed in at least one of the main unit ballast tray and the wind deflector ballast tray. 7. A solar flat plate collector racking system comprising: a main unit ballast tray adapted to rest on a roof surface; a ballast back tray attached to the main unit ballast tray and adapted to extend away from the roof surface; at least two support straps running diagonally between and attached to the main unit ballast tray and the ballast back tray; a wind deflector ballast tray attached to the main unit ballast tray; a wind deflector channel extending from the wind deflector ballast tray to the ballast back tray; a wind deflector attached to the wind deflector channel; side support angle extending from the main unit ballast tray and attached to the wind deflector ballast tray; a support angle disposed at the connection between the ballast back tray and the main unit ballast tray; and mounting brackets disposed on an edge of the main unit ballast tray and the ballast back tray. 8. The solar flat plate collector racking system of claim 7, further comprising one or more support angles disposed along a length of the ballast back tray. 9. A method for support a solar collector, the method comprising: attaching the solar collector to a racking system, the racking system including: a main unit ballast tray adapted to rest on a roof surface; a ballast back tray attached to the main unit ballast tray and adapted to extend away from the roof surface; at least two support straps running diagonally between and attached to the main unit ballast tray and the ballast back tray; a wind deflector ballast tray attached to the main unit ballast tray; a wind deflector channel extending from the wind deflector ballast tray to the ballast back tray; and a wind deflector attached to the wind deflector channel; and weighting down the racking system with one or more ballast blocks disposed in at least one of the main unit ballast tray and the wind deflector ballast tray, wherein the racking system rests on a roof surface without penetrating the roof surface. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising deflecting wind from the racking system and the solar collector. 