To solve problems arising when a power conditioner equivalent to that connected to a solar panel is connected to a power storage device. Direct-current power generated by the solar panel 9 is supplied to a DC-DC converter 51 and output as a predetermined direct-current voltage. The output voltage of the converter 51 is supplied to a DC-AC inverter 52. Direct-current power generated by the power storage device 11 is supplied to a DC-DC converter 55. Predetermined direct-current power from the converter 55 is supplied to a DC-AC inverter 56. Alternating-current power output by the inverter 56 is supplied to an alternating-current power system at home. The converter 55 is configured to have two output voltages. The first output voltage is a standby voltage. The second voltage is a voltage at which the inverter 56 starts power supply to outside.
Claims 1. A power control device comprising: a direct-current power storage; a first power conditioner connected to the storage; a direct-current power generator; a second power conditioner connected to the generator; and an alternating-current power system to which alternating-current power from the first power conditioner is supplied and to which alternating-current power from the second power conditioner is supplied, wherein the first power conditioner includes a DC-DC converter and a DC-AC inverter, the DC-DC converter generates first and second outputs, the first output makes the DC-AC inverter enter a standby state, and the second output makes the DC-AC inverter output alternating-current power to the alternating-current power system. 2. The power control device according to claim 1, wherein the DC-DC converters of the first and second power conditioners have a function of maximum peak point tracking control. 3. The power control device according to claim 1, wherein direct-current power is stored in the storage by direct-current power generated by the generator. 4. The power control device according to claim 1, wherein the first and second power conditioners supply alternating-current powers in synchronization with each other to the alternating-current power system. 5. The power control device according to claim 1, wherein the generator is a photovoltaic power generator. 