Apparatus for cancelling electromagnetic interference (EMI) during power conversion. In one embodiment, the apparatus comprises a power converter for converting a DC input to a DC output, wherein the power converter comprises a transformer having a primary winding and a secondary winding, the secondary winding coupled to a diode such that a plurality of secondary winding voltages cause a balanced current flow through a plurality of parasitic capacitances.
Claims 1. Apparatus for cancelling electromagnetic interference (EMI) during power conversion, comprising: a power converter for converting a DC input to a DC output, wherein the power converter comprises a transformer having a primary winding and a secondary winding, the secondary winding coupled to a diode such that a plurality of secondary winding voltages cause a balanced current flow through a plurality of parasitic capacitances. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the diode evenly divides the secondary winding into a first secondary winding and a second secondary winding. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the plurality of parasitic capacitances comprises a first inter-winding capacitance between the primary winding and a first secondary winding and a second inter-winding capacitance between the primary winding and a second secondary winding, wherein the secondary winding comprises the first secondary winding and the second secondary winding. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein a first current flows through the first inter-winding capacitance and a second current flows through the second inter-winding capacitance, and wherein the first and the second currents have equal magnitude and opposite direction. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein (i) a first terminal of a first secondary winding is coupled to a positive output terminal of the power converter, (ii) a second terminal of the first secondary winding is coupled to a cathode terminal of the diode, (iii) an anode terminal of the diode is coupled to a first terminal of a second secondary winding, and (iv) a second terminal of the second secondary winding is coupled to an output terminal of the power converter, wherein the secondary winding comprises the first secondary winding and the second secondary winding. 6. An inverter for cancelling electromagnetic interference (EMI) during power conversion, comprising: a DC-DC power conversion stage comprising a power converter for converting a DC input to a DC output, wherein the power converter comprises a transformer having a primary winding and a secondary winding, the secondary winding coupled to a diode such that a plurality of secondary winding voltages cause a balanced current flow through a plurality of parasitic capacitances; and a DC-AC power conversion stage for converting the DC output to an AC output. 7. The inverter of claim 6, wherein the diode evenly divides the secondary winding into a first secondary winding and a second secondary winding. 8. The inverter of claim 6, wherein the plurality of parasitic capacitances comprises a first inter-winding capacitance between the primary winding and a first secondary winding and a second inter-winding capacitance between the primary winding and a second secondary winding, wherein the secondary winding comprises the first secondary winding and the second secondary winding. 9. The inverter of claim 8, wherein a first current flows through the first inter-winding capacitance and a second current flows through the second inter-winding capacitance, wherein the first and the second currents have equal magnitude and opposite direction. 10. The inverter of claim 7, wherein (i) a first terminal of the first secondary winding is coupled to a positive output terminal of the power converter, (ii) a second terminal of the first secondary winding is coupled to a cathode terminal of the diode, (iii) an anode terminal of the diode is coupled to a first terminal of the second secondary winding, and (iv) a second terminal of the second secondary winding is coupled to an output terminal of the power converter. 11. A system for cancelling electromagnetic interference (EMI) during power conversion, comprising: a plurality of DC power sources; and a plurality of power modules, coupled to the plurality of the DC power sources, wherein each power module of the plurality of power modules comprises a power converter for converting a DC input to a DC output, and wherein the power converter comprises a transformer having a primary winding and a secondary winding, the secondary winding coupled to a diode such that a plurality of secondary winding voltages cause a balanced current flow through a plurality of parasitic capacitances. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the diode evenly divides the secondary winding into a first secondary winding and a second secondary winding. 13. The system of claim 11, wherein the plurality of parasitic capacitances comprises a first inter-winding capacitance between the primary winding and a first secondary winding and a second inter-winding capacitance between the primary winding and a second secondary winding, wherein the secondary winding comprises the first secondary winding and the second secondary winding. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein a first current flows through the first inter-winding capacitance and a second current flows through the second inter-winding capacitance, wherein the first and the second currents have equal magnitude and opposite direction. 15. The system of claim 12, wherein (i) a first terminal of the first secondary winding is coupled to a positive output terminal of the power converter, (ii) a second terminal of the first secondary winding is coupled to a cathode terminal of the diode, (iii) an anode terminal of the diode is coupled to a first terminal of the second secondary winding, and (iv) a second terminal of the second secondary winding is coupled to an output terminal of the power converter. 16. The system of claim 11, wherein each DC power source in the plurality of DC power sources is coupled to a different power module of the plurality of power modules. 17. The system of claim 11, wherein the DC power sources are renewable energy sources. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the DC power sources are photovoltaic (PV) modules. 19. The system of claim 11, wherein the power modules are DC-DC converters. 20. The system of claim 11, wherein the power modules are DC-AC inverters. 