The present inventive disclosure is directed generally to an improved automobile air- conditioning system that can be operated while the automobile's engine is not running. In variations, a typical vapor-compression-cycle air-conditioning system is modified to allow the refrigerant compressor to be driven from either of two power sources: (1) from a traditional engine-mounted pulley system, or (2) from a DC-motor powered by an electrical source independent from the engine. In another variation, the air-conditioning system is driven by one or more thermal-electric-cooling (TEC) modules, wherein the TEC-based system is powered by an auxiliary DC-power source that in some variations is powered by, or at least supplemented by, a solar-energy grid. Additionally, a variation of the modified automobile air-conditioning system includes both the modified-compressor-based system and the TEC-based system, wherein the compressor-based system is used to initially cool-down an automobile passenger compartment, then is shutdown in favor of the TEC-based system.
Claims 1-2. (canceled) 3. A modified air-conditioning compressor used for a motorized vehicle, said modified compressor comprising: a refrigerant compressor, said refrigerant compressor having a first housing end bell, said refrigerant compressor having a second housing end bell, said refrigerant compressor having an inlet and an outlet for transporting refrigerant, and said refrigerant compressor having a central drive shaft that when turned with rotational force causes said compressor to compress refrigerant gasses contained therein; a first compressor-driving pulley adapted to facilitate the rotational driving of said compressor from a first power source via the use of a pulley belt; an electric clutch assembly adapted to facilitate the selective coupling of said first pulley with said central drive shaft, when said electric clutch assembly is energized; and a second compressor-driving pulley directly coupled to said central drive shaft to facilitate the rotational driving of said compressor from a second power source via the use of a pulley belt; wherein: said first and second compressor-driving pulleys are mounted on opposite ends of said central drive shaft with respect to each other; said central drive shaft is modified to extend beyond each compressor housing end bell in order to support one of said first and second pulleys at each end of said compressor; each of said first and second housing end bells are substantially structurally identical, each having a bearing adapted to support said central drive shaft and each having packing seals for inhibiting the leakage of either lubricants or refrigerant; at one end of said compressor, said electric clutch assembly is equipped with an outer hub at which said first compressor-driving pulley is adapted to be selectively coupled to said central drive shaft; and at the other end of said compressor, said second compressor-driving pulley is directly coupled to said compressor's drive shaft via the neck of respective housing end bell, onto which is installed an additional roller bearing. 4. The compressor of claim 3, wherein: said first compressor-driving pulley is adapted to receive a pulley belt of a type selected from the group consisting of serpentine, V-belt, V-link, and flat; and said second compressor-driving pulley is adapted to receive a pulley belt of a type selected from the group consisting of serpentine, V-belt, V-link, and flat. 5-6. (canceled) 7. A method of making a modified air-conditioning compressor used for a motorized vehicle, said method comprising the steps of: providing a refrigerant compressor, said refrigerant compressor having a first housing end bell, said refrigerant compressor having a second housing end bell, said refrigerant compressor having an inlet and an outlet for transporting refrigerant, and said refrigerant compressor having a central drive shaft that when turned with rotational force causes said compressor to compress refrigerant gasses contained therein; providing a first compressor-driving pulley adapted to facilitate the rotational driving of said compressor from a first power source via the use of a pulley belt; providing an electric clutch assembly adapted to facilitate the selective coupling of said first pulley with said central drive shaft, when said electric clutch assembly is energized; providing a second compressor-driving pulley directly coupled to said central drive shaft to facilitate the rotational driving of said compressor from a second power source via the use of a pulley belt; modifying said central drive shaft to extend beyond each compressor housing end bell in order to support one of said first and second pulleys at each end of said compressor; mounting said first and second compressor-driving pulleys on opposite ends of said central drive shaft with respect to each other; providing said first and second housing end bells that are substantially structurally identical to each other, each having a bearing adapted to support said central drive shaft and each having packing seals for inhibiting the leakage of either lubricants or refrigerant; at one end of said compressor, equipping said electric clutch assembly with an outer hub at which said first compressor-driving pulley is adapted to be selectively coupled to said central drive shaft; and at the other end of said compressor, directly coupling said second compressor-driving pulley to said compressor's drive shaft via the neck of respective housing end bell, onto which is installed an additional roller bearing. 8. (canceled) 9. An air-conditioning system for an automobile, said automobile having an engine, said air-conditioning system comprising: a refrigerant compressor, said refrigerant compressor having a first housing end bell, said refrigerant compressor having a second housing end bell, said refrigerant compressor having an inlet and an outlet for transporting refrigerant, and said refrigerant compressor having a central drive shaft that when turned with rotational force causes said compressor to compress refrigerant gasses contained therein; a first compressor-driving pulley adapted to facilitate the rotational driving of said compressor via the use of a pulley belt driven by said automobile engine; a first electric clutch assembly adapted to facilitate the selective coupling of said first pulley with said central drive shaft, when said electric clutch assembly is energized; a second compressor-driving pulley directly coupled to said central drive shaft to facilitate the rotational driving of said compressor via a pulley belt driven by a power source that does not rely on the running of said automobile engine; an electrical motor adapted to be able to drive said refrigerant compressor via a pulley system, wherein said electrical motor is adapted to be powered from an independent DC power source that does not depend on the running of the engine of said automobile, wherein the shaft of said electrical motor is adapted to drive a third pulley mounted at one end of the housing of said electrical motor, said third pulley coupled to said second compressor-driving pulley via a pulley belt, and wherein said electrical motor is adapted to have a second electric clutch assembly to allow the selective coupling of said electrical motor's shaft and said third pulley, depending on whether said electric clutch assembly is energized; an evaporator for transferring heat from the passenger compartment air of said automobile to said refrigerant circulated within said evaporator; at least one electric passenger-compartment cooling fan for circulating air around said evaporator; a condenser for transferring heat from refrigerant to the outside atmosphere; at least one electric heat-sink fan for circulating outside air around said condenser; and an independent DC electrical system, independent of said automobile's engine electrical system, comprised of: at least one battery for providing power to said air-conditioning system when said automobile engine is shutdown, a solar-energy grid, said solar-energy grid adapted to be mounted at one or more surfaces and/or windows of said automobile to ensure solar exposure for producing electrical power, said solar-energy grid adapted to provide a trickle charge to said at least one battery, and a programmable controller module, said controller module adapted to monitor the voltage level of said at least one battery, the passenger-compartment ambient temperature, and the operating status of said automobile, wherein said programmable controller module is further adapted to start said air-conditioning system and set the power mode for said air-conditioning system, and wherein said programmable controller module is adapted to prevent the simultaneous engagement of said first and second electric clutches. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein: said first compressor-driving pulley is adapted to receive a pulley belt of a type selected from the group consisting of serpentine, V-belt, V-link, and flat; and said second compressor-driving pulley is adapted to receive a pulley belt of a type selected from the group consisting of serpentine, V-belt, V-link, and flat. 11. The system of claim 9, wherein: said first and second compressor-driving pulleys are mounted on the same end of said central drive shaft; said electric clutch assembly is equipped with an outer hub at which said first compressor-driving pulley is adapted to be selectively coupled to said central drive shaft; and said second compressor-driving pulley is directly coupled to said central drive shaft via the neck of said outer hub, onto which is installed an additional roller bearing. 12. The system of claim 9, wherein: said first and second compressor-driving pulleys are mounted on opposite ends of said central drive shaft with respect to each other; said central drive shaft is modified to extend beyond each compressor housing end bell in order to support one of said first and second pulleys at each end of said compressor; each of said first and second housing end bells are substantially structurally identical, each having a bearing adapted to support said central drive shaft and each having packing seals for inhibiting the leakage of either lubricants or refrigerant; at one end of said compressor, said electric clutch assembly is equipped with an outer hub at which said first compressor-driving pulley is adapted to be selectively coupled to said central drive shaft; and at the other end of said compressor, said second compressor-driving pulley is directly coupled to said compressor's drive shaft via the neck of respective housing end bell, onto which is installed an additional roller bearing. 13. The system of claim 9, wherein said power mode set by said programmable controller module is selected from the group consisting of powered by said engine, powered by said independent DC electrical system using said battery, and recharging mode of said battery from said solar-energy grid. 14. The system of claim 9, wherein said programmable controller module comprises a computer-readable medium, said computer-readable medium containing programmed instructions that cause said independent DC electrical system to energize said second electric clutch, said electrical motor, said at least one passenger-compartment fan, and said at least one heat-sink fan to energize and activate said air-conditioning system at a pre-determined day and time, for a pre-determined interval, while said automobile engine is not running 15. The system of claim 9, wherein said programmable controller module comprises a computer-readable medium, said computer-readable medium containing programmed instructions that cause the powering of said air-conditioning system to emanate from said independent DC electrical system while disengaging said first electric clutch when said automobile slows to a predetermined speed or less. 16. The system of claim 9, wherein said programmable controller module comprises a computer-readable medium, said computer-readable medium containing programmed instructions that cause the powering of said air-conditioning system to emanate from said independent DC electrical system while disengaging said first electric clutch when said automobile is at a standstill while said automobile engine is running and said automobile's transmission is in a park or neutral state. 17. The system of claim 9, wherein: said programmable controller module is adapted for wireless communication in order to enable remote-control operations by a user; and said air-conditioning system can be remotely started and stopped by a user using a remote keyless device. 18. The system of claim 9, wherein: said programmable controller module is adapted for wireless communication in order to enable remote-control operations by a user; and said air-conditioning system can be remotely started and stopped by a user using a mobile application on a wireless communications device. 19-28. (canceled) 29. A method of using an air-conditioning system for an automobile according to claim 17, said method comprising the step of: using a remote keyless device, remotely causing said automobile's air-conditioning system to start. 30. A method of using an air-conditioning system for an automobile according to claim 17, said method comprising the step of: using a remote keyless device, remotely causing said automobile's air-conditioning system to stop. 31. A method of using an air-conditioning system for an automobile according to claim 18, said method comprising the step of: using a mobile application on a wireless communications device, remotely causing said automobile's air-conditioning system to start. 32. A method of using an air-conditioning system for an automobile according to claim 18, said method comprising the step of: using a mobile application on a wireless communications device, remotely causing said automobile's air-conditioning system to stop. 33. (canceled) 34. An air-conditioning system for an automobile, comprising: a thermal-electric cooler (TEC) module, having one or more Peltier junctions; a thermal-energy-storage (TES) unit comprised of at least one low-pressure container containing a non-reactive filler material, wherein the non-reactive filler material is adapted to absorb heat and melt above a predetermined threshold, and conversely is adapted to release stored heat and freeze at a predetermined threshold; and one or more forced-air-circulation devices for circulating ambient air between the passenger compartment of an automobile, and said TEC module and TES unit; an independent DC electrical system, independent of said automobile's engine electrical system, said independent DC electrical system comprised of: at least one battery for providing power to said air-conditioning system when said automobile engine is shutdown, a solar-energy grid, said solar-energy grid adapted to be mounted at one or more of the surfaces and/or windows of said automobile to ensure solar exposure for producing electrical power, said solar-energy grid adapted to provide a trickle charge to said at least one battery, and a programmable controller module, said controller module adapted to monitor the voltage level of said at least one battery, the passenger-compartment ambient temperature, and the operating status of said automobile, wherein said programmable controller module is further adapted to start said air-conditioning system and set the power mode for said air-conditioning system. 35. An air-conditioning system for an automobile, comprising: a thermal-electric cooler (TEC) module, having one or more Peltier junctions; a thermal-energy-storage (TES) unit comprised of at least one low-pressure container containing a non-reactive filler material, wherein the non-reactive filler material is adapted to absorb heat and melt above a predetermined threshold, and conversely is adapted to release stored heat and freeze at a predetermined threshold; and one or more forced-air-circulation devices for circulating ambient air between the passenger compartment of an automobile, and said TEC module and TES unit; wherein said non-reactive filler material is selected from the group consisting of Silicon Nitride, Silicon Carbide, Titanium Diboride, Aluminum Oxide, and Mullite. 36. The system of claim 34, wherein said power mode set by said programmable controller module is selected from the group consisting of powered by an automobile's engine electrical system, powered by said independent DC electrical system using said battery, and recharging mode of said battery from said solar-energy grid. 37. The system of claim 34, wherein said programmable controller module comprises a computer-readable medium, said computer-readable medium containing programmed instructions that cause said independent DC electrical system to energize said one or more passenger-compartment forced-air circulation devices and activate said air-conditioning system at a pre-determined day and time, for a pre-determined interval, while said automobile engine is not running 38. The system of claim 34, wherein said programmable controller module comprises a computer-readable medium, said computer-readable medium containing programmed instructions that cause the powering of said air-conditioning system to emanate from said independent DC electrical system instead of said automobile's engine electrical system when said automobile slows to a predetermined speed or less. 39. The system of claim 34, wherein said programmable controller module comprises a computer-readable medium, said computer-readable medium containing programmed instructions that cause the powering of said air-conditioning system to emanate from said independent DC electrical system instead of said automobile's engine electrical system when said automobile is at a standstill while said automobile engine is running and said automobile's transmission is in a park or neutral state. 40. The system of claim 34, wherein: said programmable controller module is adapted for wireless communication in order to enable remote-control operations by a user; and said air-conditioning system can be remotely started and stopped by a user using a remote keyless device. 41. The system of claim 34, wherein: said programmable controller module is adapted for wireless communication in order to enable remote-control operations by a user; and said air-conditioning system can be remotely started and stopped by a user using a mobile application on a wireless communications device. 42-50. (canceled) 51. A method of using an air-conditioning system for an automobile according to claim 40, said method comprising the step of: using a remote keyless device, remotely causing said automobile's air-conditioning system to start. 52. A method of using an air-conditioning system for an automobile according to claim 40, said method comprising the step of: using a remote keyless device, remotely causing said automobile's air-conditioning system to stop. 53. A method of using an air-conditioning system for an automobile according to claim 41, said method comprising the step of: using a mobile application on a wireless communications device, remotely causing said automobile's air-conditioning system to start. 54. A method of using an air-conditioning system for an automobile according to claim 41, said method comprising the step of: using a mobile application on a wireless communications device, remotely causing said automobile's air-conditioning system to stop. 55. An air-conditioning system for an automobile, said automobile having an engine, said air-conditioning system comprising: a refrigerant compressor, said refrigerant compressor having a first housing end bell, said refrigerant compressor having a second housing end bell, said refrigerant compressor having an inlet and an outlet for transporting refrigerant, and said refrigerant compressor having a central drive shaft that when turned with rotational force causes said compressor to compress refrigerant gasses contained therein; a first compressor-driving pulley adapted to facilitate the rotational driving of said compressor via the use of a pulley belt driven by said automobile engine; a first electric clutch assembly adapted to facilitate the selective coupling of said first pulley with said central drive shaft, when said electric clutch assembly is energized; a second compressor-driving pulley directly coupled to said central drive shaft to facilitate the rotational driving of said compressor via a pulley belt driven by a power source that does not rely on the running of said automobile engine; an electrical motor adapted to be able to drive said refrigerant compressor via a pulley system, wherein said electrical motor is adapted to be powered from an independent DC power source that does not depend on the running of the engine of said automobile, wherein the shaft of said electrical motor is adapted to drive a third pulley mounted at one end of the housing of said electrical motor, said third pulley coupled to said second compressor-driving pulley via a pulley belt, and wherein said electrical motor is adapted to have a second electric clutch assembly to allow the selective coupling of said electrical motor's shaft and said third pulley, depending on whether said electric clutch assembly is energized; an evaporator for transferring heat from the passenger compartment air of said automobile to said refrigerant circulated within said evaporator; a condenser for transferring heat from refrigerant to the outside atmosphere; at least one electric heat-sink fan for circulating outside air around said condenser; a thermal-electric cooler (TEC) module, having one or more Peltier junctions; a thermal-energy-storage (TES) unit comprised of at least one low-pressure container containing a non-reactive filler material, wherein the non-reactive filler material is adapted to absorb heat and melt above a predetermined threshold, and conversely is adapted to release stored heat and freeze at a predetermined threshold; one or more forced-air-circulation devices for circulating ambient air between the passenger compartment of an automobile and said evaporator, TEC module, and TES unit; and an independent DC electrical system, independent of said automobile's engine electrical system, comprised of: at least one battery for providing power to said air-conditioning system when said automobile engine is shutdown, a solar-energy grid, said solar-energy grid adapted to be mounted at one or more surfaces and/or windows of said automobile to ensure solar exposure for producing electrical power, said solar-energy grid adapted to provide a trickle charge to said at least one battery, and a programmable controller module, said controller module adapted to monitor the voltage level of said at least one battery, the passenger-compartment ambient temperature, and the operating status of said automobile, wherein said programmable controller module is further adapted to start said air-conditioning system and set the power mode for said air-conditioning system, wherein said programmable controller module is further adapted to select the operating mode of said air-conditioning system, and wherein said programmable controller module is adapted to prevent the simultaneous engagement of said first and second electric clutches. 56. The system of claim 55, wherein said non-reactive filler material is selected from the group consisting of Silicon Nitride, Silicon Carbide, Titanium Diboride, Aluminum Oxide, and Mullite. 57. The system of claim 55, wherein said programmable controller module can select an air-conditioning system operating mode is selected from the group consisting of compressor-based, TEC-based, and OFF. 58. The system of claim 55, wherein: said first compressor-driving pulley is adapted to receive a pulley belt of a type selected from the group consisting of serpentine, V-belt, V-link, and flat; and said second compressor-driving pulley is adapted to receive a pulley belt of a type selected from the group consisting of serpentine, V-belt, V-link, and flat. 59. The system of claim 55, wherein: said first and second compressor-driving pulleys are mounted on the same end of said central drive shaft; said electric clutch assembly is equipped with an outer hub at which said first compressor-driving pulley is adapted to be selectively coupled to said central drive shaft; said second compressor-driving pulley is directly coupled to said central drive shaft via the neck of said outer hub, onto which is installed an additional roller bearing. 60. The system of claim 55, wherein: said first and second compressor-driving pulleys are mounted on opposite ends of said central drive shaft with respect to each other; said central drive shaft is modified to extend beyond each compressor housing end bell in order to support one of said first and second pulleys at each end of said compressor; each of said first and second housing end bells are substantially structurally identical, each having a bearing adapted to support said central drive shaft and each having packing seals for inhibiting the leakage of either lubricants or refrigerant; at one end of said compressor, said electric clutch assembly is equipped with an outer hub at which said first compressor-driving pulley is adapted to be selectively coupled to said central drive shaft; and at the other end of said compressor, said second compressor-driving pulley is directly coupled to said compressor's drive shaft via the neck of respective housing end bell, onto which is installed an additional roller bearing. 61. The system of claim 55, wherein said power mode set by said programmable controller module is selected from the group consisting of powered by said engine, powered by said independent DC electrical system using said battery, and recharging mode of said battery from said solar-energy grid. 62. The system of claim 55, wherein said programmable controller module comprises a computer-readable medium, said computer-readable medium containing programmed instructions that cause said independent DC electrical system to energize said second electric clutch, said electrical motor, said one or more forced-air-circulation devices, and said at least one heat-sink fan to energize and activate said air-conditioning system at a pre-determined day and time, for a pre-determined interval, while said automobile engine is not running 63. The system of claim 55, wherein said programmable controller module comprises a computer-readable medium, said computer-readable medium containing programmed instructions that cause the powering of said air-conditioning system to emanate from said independent DC electrical system while disengaging said first electric clutch when said automobile slows to a predetermined speed or less. 64. The system of claim 55, wherein said programmable controller module comprises a computer-readable medium, said computer-readable medium containing programmed instructions that cause the powering of said air-conditioning system to emanate from said independent DC electrical system instead of said automobile's engine electrical system when said automobile slows to a predetermined speed or less. 65. The system of claim 55, wherein said programmable controller module comprises a computer-readable medium, said computer-readable medium containing programmed instructions that cause the powering of said air-conditioning system to emanate from said independent DC electrical system while disengaging said first electric clutch when said automobile is at a standstill while said automobile engine is running and said automobile's transmission is in a park or neutral state. 66. The system of claim 55, wherein said programmable controller module comprises a computer-readable medium, said computer-readable medium containing programmed instructions that cause the powering of said air-conditioning system to emanate from said independent DC electrical system instead of said automobile's engine electrical system when said automobile is at a standstill while said automobile engine is running and said automobile's transmission is in a park or neutral state. 67. The system of claim 55, wherein said programmable controller module comprises a computer-readable medium, said computer-readable medium containing programmed instructions that can cause the operating mode of said air-conditioning system to switch between a compressor-based air-conditioning mode and a TEC-based air-conditioning mode. 68. The system of claim 55, wherein said programmable controller module comprises a computer-readable medium, said computer-readable medium containing programmed instructions that can prevents the air-conditioning system to simultaneously operate in a compressor-based air-conditioning mode and a TEC-based air-conditioning mode. 69. The system of claim 55, wherein: said programmable controller module is adapted for wireless communication in order to enable remote-control operations by a user; and said air-conditioning system can be remotely started and stopped by a user using a remote keyless device. 70. The system of claim 55, wherein: said programmable controller module is adapted for wireless communication in order to enable remote-control operations by a user; and said air-conditioning system can be remotely started and stopped by a user using a mobile application on a wireless communications device. 71-86. (canceled) 87. A method of using an air-conditioning system for an automobile according to claim 69, said method comprising the step of: using a remote keyless device, remotely causing said automobile's air-conditioning system to start. 88. A method of using an air-conditioning system for an automobile according to claim 69, said method comprising the step of: using a remote keyless device, remotely causing said automobile's air-conditioning system to stop. 89. A method of using an air-conditioning system for an automobile according to claim 70, said method comprising the step of: using a mobile application on a wireless communications device, remotely causing said automobile's air-conditioning system to start. 90. A method of using an air-conditioning system for an automobile according to claim 70, said method comprising the step of: using a mobile application on a wireless communications device, remotely causing said automobile's air-conditioning system to stop. 91. A method of using an air-conditioning system for an automobile according to claim 67, said method comprising the step of: using a remote keyless device, remotely causing said automobile's air-conditioning system to start, wherein the compressor-based subsystem of the air-conditioning system initially starts, as run via said DC motor powered from said independent DC electrical system, and runs until a predetermined passenger-compartment temperature is reached, and wherein after said predetermined temperature is reached, said compressor-based subsystem is disengaged and de-energized, and said TEC-based subsystem is energized to maintain said passenger-compartment temperature within a predetermined range. 92. A method of using an air-conditioning system for an automobile according to claim 67, said method comprising the step of: using a mobile application on a wireless communications device, remotely causing said automobile's air-conditioning system to start, wherein the compressor-based subsystem of the air-conditioning system initially starts, as run via said DC motor powered from said independent DC electrical system, and runs until a predetermined passenger-compartment temperature is reached, and wherein after said predetermined temperature is reached, said compressor-based subsystem is disengaged and de-energized, and said TEC-based subsystem is energized to maintain said passenger-compartment temperature within a predetermined range. 