A system (10) for supplying energy is provided. The system (10) comprises a shelter (12) for a passenger awaiting transport. The shelter (12) has a roof portion (14) and photovoltaic cells (16) disposed on the roof portion (14). The photovoltaic cells (16) are arranged to convert solar energy into electrical energy. The system (10) also comprises an energy distribution system (18) arranged to receive electrical energy from the photovoltaic cells (16) and to provide the electrical energy to at least one electrically powered component (20, 22, 24, 26, 28, 30, 32, 34) of the system (10).
Claims 1. A system for supplying energy, the system comprising: a shelter for a passenger awaiting transport, the shelter having a roof portion; photovoltaic cells disposed on the roof portion, the photovoltaic cells being arranged to convert solar energy into electrical energy; and an energy distribution system arranged to receive electrical energy from the photovoltaic cells and to provide the electrical energy to at least one electrically powered component of the system. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the system comprises a battery system arranged to store electrical energy converted by the photovoltaic cells. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the system is arranged such that the electrically powered components of the system can receive stored electrical energy from the battery system. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the system comprises at least one of the following electrically powered components: a carbon collection system; a lighting system; a communications system; a display system; an audio system; a security system; a climate control system; a power outlet system; and a dryer system. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the carbon collection system is arranged to remove carbon from air around the shelter. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the carbon collection system is arranged to filter air that is around the shelter so as to remove carbon based pollutants for storage in the collection system. 7. The system of claim 5, wherein the shelter is enclosable and the carbon collection system is arranged to remove carbon from air within the enclosed region of the shelter. 8. The system of claim 4, wherein the system comprises a lighting system and wherein system is arranged to detect an amount of ambient light and to turn the lighting system on if the amount of detected ambient light is below a predetermined threshold. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the system comprises a light detector wherein the amount of ambient light is detected using the light detector. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein the amount of ambient light is detected by measuring an output of the photovoltaic cells. 11. The system of claim 4, wherein the system comprises a communications system, the communications system comprising wireless and/or wired internet access points that are powered by the energy distribution system. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the communications system comprises a telecommunications network interface arranged to allow a user to connect to a core telecommunications network so as to provide telephone, ISDN and broadband such as DSL to the waiting passenger. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the telecommunications network interface is self contained and arranged to be powered by the energy distribution system. 14. The system of claim 4, wherein the display system and/or the audio system are arranged to provide information or services such as advertising or entertainment to users of the shelter. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the display system and the audio system operate in conjunction with one another to provide the information or services. 16. The system of claim 14, wherein content output by the display and/or audio systems is provided by the communications system. 17. The system of claim 4, wherein the security system comprises an appropriate security monitoring system such as a closed circuit television system or a security system that uses Internet protocol (IP) cameras. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the security system is arranged to provide security video to security and/or law enforcement personnel to assist in monitoring the safety of passengers using the shelter and/or to deter vandalism and other acts of antisocial behavior in and around the shelter. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the security system is powered by the energy distribution system and is arranged to transmit video and/or audio to the security and/or law enforcement personnel via the communications system. 20. The system of claim 17, wherein the security system comprises a panic button system which, when a panic button is pressed, is arranged to emit an alert through the audio system and/or to alert security and/or law enforcement personnel that the panic button has been pressed. 21. The system of claim 4, wherein the climate control system is arranged to allow a climate of or around shelter to be at least partially controlled. 22. The system of claim 21, wherein the shelter is fully enclosable and the climate control system is arranged to control the climate of an enclosed region of the shelter. 23. The system of claim 22, wherein the climate control system is of the type that is typically used to control the climate of an indoor space. 24. The system of claim 21, wherein the climate control system comprises an air cooler and purifier that is arranged to reduce the ambient temperature of an enclosed region of the shelter to a temperature that is comfortable to waiting passengers and to remove pollutants such as dust and pollen from air within the enclosed region of the shelter. 25. The system of claim 4, wherein the power outlet system comprises at least one power outlet to which a waiting passenger is able to connect a power adapter or cable, the power outlet system being arranged such that power consumed by waiting passengers who use the power outlet system is provided by the energy distribution system. 26. The system of claim 4, wherein the dryer system is arranged to dry waiting passengers and/or their articles. 27. The system of claim 26, wherein the dryer system has a typical air dryer configuration, wherein the dryer system is arranged to output a stream of warm air through a nozzle in response to a user activating the dryer system. 