An antifungal treatment system includes a light source. The light source may be positioned in a housing having an exit aperture. The light source may be energized to generate a concentrated beam of electromagnetic radiation. The electromagnetic radiation may be visible light radiation that includes infrared radiation. When energized, the concentrated beam may be directed out of the exit aperture by the light source. A focal point of the concentrated beam may be provided in a target area external to the housing to penetrate a human nail and destroy fungus resident thereunder.
Claims 1. An antifungal treatment system comprising: a housing having a longitudinal axis; and a light source disposed in the housing, the light source energized to generate visible electromagnetic radiation that includes infrared electromagnetic radiation only when the longitudinal axis of the housing is substantially vertical so as to remain within a predetermined area defined as frusto-conical; the electromagnetic radiation being in a concentrated beam provided in a target area external to the housing to penetrate a human nail and destroy fungus resident thereunder. 2. The antifungal treatment system of claim 1, wherein the light source comprises a convex lens operable to generate the electromagnetic radiation when energized with an external light source. 3. The antifungal treatment system of claim 2, wherein the external light source is the sun. 4. The antifungal treatment system of claim 2, wherein the light source further comprises a filter operable to filter ultraviolet light provided by the external light source so that the ultraviolet light is excluded from the electromagnetic radiation generated with the convex lens. 5. The antifungal treatment system of claim 1, further comprising an alignment tool coupled with the housing and extending away from the housing, the alignment tool operable to define the target area in which the concentrated beam is provided. 6. The antifungal treatment system of claim 1, wherein the light source is a laser, and the system further comprises a controller configured to modulate the light source at a user configurable or pre-set frequency and duty cycle. 7. A method of treating a fungus, the method comprising: energizing a light source included in a housing when a longitudinal axis of the housing is oriented to be within a predetermined area defined as frusto-conical; generating a concentrated beam of electromagnetic radiation with the light source in response to energization, the electromagnetic radiation being visible electromagnetic radiation that includes infrared electromagnetic radiation; directing the concentrated beam out of the housing to a target area; penetrating a human nail with the concentrated beam, the human nail positioned in the target area; and killing a fungus positioned behind the human nail with the concentrated beam. 8. The method of claim 7, further comprising energizing the light source with an external light source. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein energizing the light source comprises manipulating the housing so that solar energy from the external light source is incident on a convex lens included in the light source, the solar energy from the external light source incident substantially perpendicular to a planar surface of the convex lens. 10. The method of claim 8, wherein energizing the light source comprises moving a convex lens included in the light source from a first position to a second position, the convex lens moved to the second position so that solar energy from the external light source is incident on the convex lens, the solar energy from the external light source incident substantially perpendicular to a planar surface of the convex lens only when the convex lens is in the second position. 11. The method of claim 7, further comprising energizing the light source with a power supply. 12. The method of claim 7, wherein energizing the light source comprises positioning the housing such that light energy from an external light source enters an entry aperture included in the housing. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein directing the concentrated beam out of the housing to a target area comprises positioning an alignment tool coupled with the housing, the alignment tool positioned to define the target area as a focal point of the concentrated beam. 14. An antifungal treatment system comprising: a housing formed to include an entry aperture and an exit aperture; and a light source disposed in the housing, the light source comprising a convex lens positioned to be energized by visible light energy received through the entry aperture when a longitudinal axis of the housing is aligned with the visible light; the light source configured to generate a concentrated beam of visible light from the light energy received at the entry aperture, the visible light including infrared light; the light source further configured to direct the concentrated beam of light out of the housing through the exit aperture to a focal point located outside the housing, the focal point being a target area in which the concentrated beam of light is operable to penetrate a first surface of a human nail and destroy fungus positioned on a second surface opposite the first surface. 15. The antifungal treatment system of claim 14, further comprising a filter disposed in the housing, the filter configured to block ultraviolet frequencies of the visible light energy, and pass all other frequencies included in the visible light energy. 16. The antifungal treatment system of claim 14, further comprising a light source control configured to energize and de-energize the light source. 17. The antifungal treatment system of claim 14, further comprising an alignment tool coupled with the housing and at least partially surrounding the exit aperture, the alignment tool formed to include an alignment aperture that defines the location of the focal point of the concentrated beam. 18. The antifungal treatment system of claim 14, further comprising a control panel positioned on the housing, the control panel configured to provide at least one of user control or operational information of the antifungal treatment system. 19. The antifungal treatment system of claim 18, wherein the control panel comprises a switch configured to be moved between a first position in which the convex lens is unable to receive the visible light energy and generate the concentrated beam of visible light, and a second position in which visible light energy is received by the convex lens, and the convex lens is energized to generate the concentrated beam of visible light. 20. The antifungal treatment system of claim 14, further comprising a processor configured to monitor and control operation of the light source. 