The present invention is a locking pin that takes advantage of a simpler manufacturing process, fewer parts to effectively lock the pin onto an object. The locking pin is in one embodiment for fastening an object by means of an object hole of a predetermined object hole diameter to the pin. The pin comprises an elongated shaft having a forward end and a rearward end with a pinhead at the rearward end. A pair of laterally opposed notches formed at a predetermined location along the length of the shaft. The portion of the shaft between the pair of laterally opposed notches is defined for reference purpose as the lock base. A forward hole and at least one rearward hole that extends through the lock base proximal to the forward end of the lock base. A wire lock is made of a spring-biased wire that is bendable upon compression and returns to its original shape. The wire lock is received into the forward hole and rearward hole. The wire lock in an uncompressed position has forward facing gradually tapered surface along the wire arms from a first end to a second end and a rearward facing abutment surface.
Claims 1. A locking fastener for fastening an object by means of an object hole of a predetermined object hole diameter to the fastener, the fastener comprising: (a) an elongated pin having a forward end and a rearward end with a pin head at the rearward end; (b) a pair of laterally opposed notches formed at a predetermined location along the length of the pin, wherein the portion of the pin between the pair of laterally opposed notches is defined as the lock base; (c) a forward hole that extends through the lock base proximal to the forward end of the lock base and one or two rearward holes that extends through the lock base proximal to the rearward end of the lock base; (d) a wire lock made of spring biased wire that is biased towards a first uncompressed position and is compressible towards a second compressed position, wherein the wire lock has a front end and a rear end, wherein the front end of the wire lock passes laterally through the forward hole and has two wire arms that extend rearward and are biased radially outwardly towards the rear end of the wire lock and, proximal to the ends of the wire arms are bent inward and terminate in the one or more rearward holes. 2. The fastener of claim 2, wherein the front end of the wire lock has a width that is less than the diameter of the pin and (i) in the first uncompressed position the rear end of the wire lock in an uncompressed position is greater than the predetermined object hole diameter to form a forward facing gradually tapered surface along the wire arms from the first end to the second end and a rearward facing abutment surface, (ii) in the second compressed position the rear end has a diameter less than the predetermined object hole diameter. 3. The fastener of claim 2, wherein the pin is configured to be received into the object hole of the of the object and the object is slidable in a rearward direction and thereby causes the wire lock to be compressed toward the second compressed position until the object is positioned between the abutment surface and the rearward end of the pin effectively locking the object therebetween. 4. The locking fastener of claim 3, wherein the elongated pin has a tapered forward end. 5. The locking fastener of claim 3, wherein the head is threadable onto the rear end. 6. The locking fastener of claim 3, wherein the lock base is located proximal to the forward end. 7. The locking fastener of claim 6, wherein the object has a first wall, an at least partially enclosed cavity and a second wall opposite from the first wall, wherein the object hole passes through the first wall and the second wall and wherein the lock base is located medially spaced apart from the forward end and wherein the pin is configured to be received into the object hole and the object is slidable in a rearward direction and thereby causes the wire lock to be compressed toward the second compressed position until at least the first wall of the object is positioned between the abutment surface and the rearward end of the pin effectively locking the object therebetween. 8. A process for making a locking fastener configured to fasten an object by means of a object hole of a predetermined object hole diameter to the fastener, the fastener comprising: (a) providing an elongated pin having a forward end and a rearward end with a pinhead at the rearward end; (b) cutting a pair of laterally opposed notches at a predetermined location along the length of the pin to form a lock base between the notches; (c) forming a forward hole through the lock base proximal to the forward end of the lock base and at least one, rear openings; (d) shaping a wire lock having a front end sized and configured to be received through the hole, wherein the width of the front end is less than the diameter of the pin and greater than the width of the lock base, the wire arms are angled to extend outwardly and rearward to the rear end of the wire lock and then angling the ends of the wire inwardly at an angle generally parallel to the front end of the wire lock to extend the respective ends of the arms towards the opposite side of the wire lock to form an abutment surface; and (e) passing a spring biased wire through the forward hole to position the front end at the front hole and positioning the rear end into the one or more rear openings. 9. The process of claim 8, further comprising tapering the forward end of the pin. 10. The process of claim 8, wherein the lock base is located proximal to the forward end. 11. The process of claim 8, wherein the lock base is longitudinally spaced apart from the forward end. 12. The process of claim 8, wherein the head is threadably received onto the rearward end. 13. The process of claim 8, wherein the head has no driver compatible shape. 14. A method of locking an object having a first wall, an at least partially enclosed cavity and a second wall opposite the first wall and an object hole extending through the first wall and second wall, wherein the object hole has a predetermined object hole diameter, the method comprising the steps of: (a) providing the fastener of claim 1; (b) inserting the fastener into a first wall hole of the of the first wall of the object; (c) sliding the object along the pin in a rearward direction to cause the wire lock to be compressed from the first uncompressed position toward the second compressed position until the first wall of the object is positioned between the abutment surface and the rearward end of the pin effectively locking the object therebetween. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the wire lock is positioned in the cavity after the step of sliding. 16. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of: (d) compressing the wire lock so that the rear width of the wire lock is less than the diameter of the object hole; and (e) sliding the pin relative to the object hole to remove the pin from the object hole after the step (d) of compressing. 17. A method of fastening a hollow object to a hollow item, wherein the hollow object has a first object wall, and at least partially enclosed object cavity and a second object wall opposite the first object wall and a object hole extending through the first object wall and second object wall, wherein the object hole has a predetermined object hole diameter and wherein the hollow item has a first item wall, and at least partially enclosed item cavity and a second item wall opposite the first item wall and an item hole extending through the first item wall and second item wall, wherein the item hole has a predetermined item hole diameter, the method comprises the steps of: (a) inserting the item into the object cavity to align the object hole with the item hole; (a) providing a fastener of claim 1: (b) inserting the fastener into the first object hole; (c) sliding the object and item along the pin in a rearward direction to cause the wire lock to be compressed from the first uncompressed position toward the second compressed position until at least the first object wall and the first item wall are positioned between the abutment surface and the rearward end of the pin effectively fastening the object to the item between the abutment surface and the rearward end of the pin. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the wire lock is positioned in the cavity after the step of sliding. 19. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of: (d) compressing the wire lock so that the rear width of the wire lock is less than the diameter of the object hole; and (e) sliding the pin relative to the object hole and the item hole to remove the pin therefrom after the step (d) of compressing. 20. A method of connecting two structural components of a solar panel mounting system, comprising the steps of: providing a first component of a solar panel racking system having a first assembly hole and a second component of a solar panel racking system having a second assembly hole that is axially alignable with the first assembly hole at a desired point of connection of the first component with the second component; aligning the first assembly hole with the second assembly hole; and inserting a single piece, locking pin through the first and second assembly hole until the locking pin secures the first component to the second component. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein the locking pin is a unidirectional locking pin. 22. The method of claim 20, wherein the first component and the second component are individually selected from the group consisting of screw fastened mounts, ballasted bases, solar panel frames, posts, vertical supports, and fastening brackets and supporting rails. 