The invention relates to a roof hook for mounting of solar installation modules on roofs. The roof hook has a first fastening section, which extends in the X and Y direction for fixing a roof hook, a hook-shaped mount for fixing the solar installation module or a fastening profile for solar installation modules and a second fastening section which runs perpendicular to the first fastening section in the Z direction from the latter. The mount is adjustable on the second fastening section in the Z direction, and fasteners act obliquely to the Z direction for fixing the mount on the fastening section.
Claims 1. A roof hook for mounting of solar installation modules on roofs, said hook comprised of: a first fastening section which extends in the X and Y direction for fixing a roof hook on the roof; a hook-shaped mount for fixing the solar installation module or a fastening profile for solar installation modules; a second fastening section which runs perpendicular to the first fastening section in the Z direction from the latter, the mount being adjustable on the second fastening section in the Z direction; and fasteners which act obliquely to the Z direction for fixing the mount on the fastening section. 2. The roof hook as claimed in claim 1, wherein the second fastening section has a slot which extends in the X direction and which is penetrated by a connecting element of the fasteners so that the mount can be horizontally adjusted. 3. The roof hook as claimed in claim 1, wherein the second fastening section has one fastening surface that faces the mount, said fastening surface having engagement elements that extend at least partially in the X direction, and wherein said mount has a transition leg which runs essentially parallel to the fastening surface on said second fastening section, said transition leg having a fastening surface having engagement elements, which extend at least partially in the X direction, said engagement elements on said second fastening section dimensioned to matingly engage said engagement elements on said mount. 4. The roof hook as claimed in claim 3, wherein a stop surface of the fastening section opposite the fastening surface and a stop surface opposite the fastening surface of the transition leg are arranged obliquely to the Z direction, essentially orthogonally to the direction of action of the fasteners. 5. The roof hook as claimed in claim 4, wherein the stop surface has at least one reinforcing rib. 6. The roof hook as claimed in claim 2, wherein the center longitudinal axis of the connecting element of the fasteners which act obliquely to the Z direction extends at an angle 0<.alpha.<60.degree., preferably 15<.alpha.<20.degree., to the first fastening section in the space which is opened up by the first fastening surface and the second fastening surface. 7. The roof hook as claimed in claim 3, wherein the mount on the end opposite the transition leg ends in a mounting leg, in particular with a slot which is used for adjustment, which extends essentially in the Z direction and which is intended for fixing a solar installation module or a fastening profile for solar installation modules. 8. The roof hook as claimed in claim 6, wherein the mounting leg of one fastening surface facing the solar module or a fastening profile for the solar installation module has engagement elements, especially ribs, which extend at least partially in the X direction, especially continuously from one end of the fastening surface to the opposing end. 9. The roof hook as claimed in claim 2, wherein the center longitudinal axis of the connecting element of the fasteners which act obliquely to the Z direction extends at an angle 10<.alpha.<40.degree. to the first fastening section in the space which is opened up by the first fastening surface and the second fastening surface. 10. The roof hook as claimed in claim 2, wherein the center longitudinal axis of the connecting element of the fasteners which act obliquely to the Z direction extends at an angle 15<.alpha.<20.degree. to the first fastening section in the space which is opened up by the first fastening surface and the second fastening surface. 