Techniques for electrical power transfer in photovoltaic systems are provided. In one aspect, a photovoltaic system includes an array of photovoltaic power producing elements (e.g., concentrator photovoltaic cells); a power receiving unit; and at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter connected to both the array of photovoltaic power producing elements and the power receiving unit. The array of photovoltaic power producing elements can include a plurality of the photovoltaic power producing elements connected in series or in parallel. In another aspect, a method of transferring electrical power from an array of photovoltaic power producing elements to a power receiving unit includes the following step. At least one ratiometric DC to DC converter is connected to both the array of photovoltaic power producing elements and the power receiving unit. The at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter is configured to alter a voltage output from the array.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic system, comprising: an array of photovoltaic power producing elements; a power receiving unit; and at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter connected to both the array of photovoltaic power producing elements and the power receiving unit, wherein the at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter is configured to alter a voltage output from the array of photovoltaic power producing elements supplied to the power receiving unit. 2. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic power producing elements comprise concentrator photovoltaic cells. 3. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the power receiving unit comprises a maximum power point tracker (MPPT) circuit. 4. The photovoltaic system of claim 3, wherein the power receiving unit comprises a DC to AC inverter connected to the maximum power point tracker (MPPT) circuit. 5. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the array of photovoltaic power producing elements comprises a plurality of the photovoltaic power producing elements connected in series. 6. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the array of photovoltaic power producing elements comprises a plurality of the photovoltaic power producing elements connected in parallel. 7. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the array of photovoltaic power producing elements is connected to an input of the at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter, and wherein an output of the at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter is connected to the power receiving unit. 8. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the array of photovoltaic power producing elements is connected to both the at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter and the power receiving unit, such that the array of photovoltaic power producing elements is connected to an input of the at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter, and an output of the at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter is connected to the power receiving unit in series with the array of photovoltaic power producing elements. 9. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, comprising a plurality of the ratiometric DC to DC converters, wherein each of the photovoltaic power producing elements in the array is connected to one of the ratiometric DC to DC converters in a one to one relationship, and wherein outputs of the ratiometric DC to DC converters are connected in parallel to the power receiving unit. 10. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, comprising a plurality of the ratiometric DC to DC converters, wherein each of the photovoltaic power producing elements in the array is connected to one of the ratiometric DC to DC converters in a one to one relationship, and wherein outputs of the ratiometric DC to DC converters are connected in parallel so as to constrain an input voltage of the ratiometric DC to DC converters to a common value. 11. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, comprising a plurality of the ratiometric DC to DC converters, wherein each of the photovoltaic power producing elements in the array is connected to one of the ratiometric DC to DC converters in a one to one relationship, and wherein outputs of the ratiometric DC to DC converters are coupled so as to constrain an input voltage of said ratiometric DC to DC converters to a common value. 12. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the power receiving unit is connected to a power grid. 13. A method of transferring electrical power from an array of photovoltaic power producing elements to a power receiving unit, the method comprising the step of: connecting at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter to both the array of photovoltaic power producing elements and the power receiving unit, wherein the at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter is configured to alter a voltage output from the array of photovoltaic power producing elements supplied to the power receiving unit. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter is configured to either increase or decrease the voltage output from the array of photovoltaic power producing elements. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein the power receiving unit comprises a maximum power point tracker (MPPT) circuit. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the power receiving unit comprises a DC to AC inverter connected to the maximum power point tracker (MPPT) circuit. 17. The method of claim 13, wherein the array of photovoltaic power producing elements comprises a plurality of the photovoltaic power producing elements connected in series. 18. The method of claim 13, wherein the array of photovoltaic power producing elements comprises a plurality of the photovoltaic power producing elements connected in parallel. 19. The method of claim 13, further comprising the steps of: connecting the array of photovoltaic power producing elements to an input of the at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter; and connecting an output of the at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter to the power receiving unit. 20. The method of claim 13, further comprising the step of: connecting the array of photovoltaic power producing elements to both the at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter and the power receiving unit, such that the array of photovoltaic power producing elements is connected to an input of the at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter, and an output of the at least one ratiometric DC to DC converter is connected to the power receiving unit in series with the array of photovoltaic power producing elements. 21. The method of claim 13, wherein a plurality of the ratiometric DC to DC converters is employed, the method further comprising the steps of: connecting each of the photovoltaic power producing elements in the array to one of the ratiometric DC to DC converters in a one to one relationship; and connecting outputs of the ratiometric DC to DC converters in parallel to the power receiving unit. 22. The method of claim 13, wherein the power receiving unit is connected to a power grid. 