A combiner box capable of monitoring energy output from a photovoltaic system and having improved troubleshooting functionality, the ability to independently verify utility charges, and a mechanism for reducing incorrect readings of energy output and consumption due to noise and interference.
Claims 1. A device, comprising: a housing; power distribution blocks mounted in said housing for combining utility-compliant alternating current from a plurality of inverters, carried over wires containing monitoring signals from said inverters at a first monitoring frequency, to provide combined alternating current carrying said monitoring signals; wherein said combined alternating current is connected in parallel with alternating current from a utility grid at a utility connection to trigger said inverters to produce said utility-compliant alternating current; wherein said combined alternating current feeds power to said utility grid and a local load connected to said utility connection; noise filters tuned to block interference with said first monitoring frequency, interposed between said power distribution blocks and said utility connection; and a power outlet box having at least two outlets electrically connected to one of said power distribution blocks, wherein a solar energy monitoring device can be plugged into one of said outlets and an internal Ethernet bridge adapter that is connected to the Internet can be plugged into another of said outlets, wherein said solar energy monitoring unit and said internal Ethernet bridge adapter can be connected for data transfer, wherein said power distribution blocks provide said combined alternating current to said solar energy monitoring device which extracts said monitoring signals as extracted monitoring signals, and wherein said internal Ethernet bridge adapter connected to said solar energy monitoring device communicates said extracted monitoring signals at a second monitoring frequency to a remote external Ethernet bridge adapter connected to a remote server; whereby said noise filters reduce cross talk from other monitoring signals from other inverters, and noise from devices using said alternating current from said utility grid. 2. A device according to claim 1, further comprising a home energy monitoring unit housed in said housing and connected to said solar energy monitoring unit for data transfer, operably connected to said local load to provide data on consumption by said local load of said combined alternating current and said alternating current from said utility grid, whereby independent verification of utility charges is achieved. 3. A device according to claim 1, further comprising an alternating current surge protector operably connected to said power distribution blocks. 4. A device according to claim 1, further comprising circuit breakers mounted in said housing to receive said utility-compliant alternating current containing said monitoring signals from said plurality of inverters. 5. A device according to claim 4, further comprising current indicators operably connected to said circuit breakers to indicate when said utility-compliant alternating current is delivered to said circuit breakers from said plurality of inverters. 