A solar collector comprises a solar absorbing tube 3 containing elongate tube 11 that extends out of one end of the solar absorbing tube 3 and into an end fitting 15 wherein an annular outer passageway 13 of the elongate tube 11 communicates with a cold fluid inlet conduit 16 within the end fitting 15 and the inner passageway 14 of the elongate tube 11 communicates with a hot water outlet conduit 17 within the end fitting 15. Each end fitting 15 is provided with a receiving portion 22 extending orthogonally to the tubular passage 18 for receiving an end of the concentric elongated tube 11. The end fittings 15 are interconnected to provide fluid flow paths without the need for a manifold. Any number of solar collector tubes can be interconnected in this way. The invention also applies solar collectors of the heat pipe type.
Claims 1-30. (canceled) 31. A solar collector comprising a heat pipe having a radiation absorbing means for absorbing solar radiation and an elongate tube for containing a heat transfer medium, the elongate tube having an evaporator section in thermal contact with the radiation absorbing means and a condenser section remote from the radiation absorbing means the radiation absorbing means and the evaporator section of said elongate tube being enclosed within an evacuated radiation transparent enclosure and the condenser section being located outside the transparent enclosure, and an end fitting providing fluid connection means for connecting with a corresponding end fitting of an adjacent heat pipe to permit passage of fluid between the end fittings without requiring a separate manifold the end fitting comprising an opening for reception of the condenser section of the heat pipe. 32. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 31 wherein the end fitting is provided at one end of each elongate member. 33. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 31 wherein the end fitting comprise a seal for sealing engaging the passageways of adjacent end fittings. 34. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 33 wherein the end fitting comprises a groove or recess for receiving an O-ring seal. 35. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 31 wherein the opening to receive the condenser section extends substantially orthogonally to the fluid passageway. 36. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 31 comprising a protective casing for receiving the end fitting and an end of the solar collector tube. 37. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 36 wherein the end fitting and/or the end of the solar collector tube are releasably engageable in the protective casing. 38. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 37 wherein the protective casing comprises a main protector body and a closure part which is movably mounted to or removable from the main protector body. 39. The solar collector as claimed in claim 38 wherein the protective casing comprises a removable end cap. 40. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 38 wherein the protective casing comprises a hinged or pivotal lid part. 41. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 36 wherein the protective casing comprises a receiver for receiving a locking clip for securely mounting the solar collector tube and/or the associated end fitting in the protective housing. 42. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 36 wherein the protective casing comprises a support structure. 43. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 42 wherein the support structure is integral with the protective housing. 44. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 42 wherein the support structures of adjacent protective casings are interlinkable. 45. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 44 wherein adjacent support structures are interlocked by an interlink component. 46. The solar collector as claimed in claim 45 wherein at least part of the interlink component is integral with the support structure. 47. The solar collector assembly as claimed in claim 45 wherein the interlink component is separate or separable from the support structure. 