A system that incorporates teachings of the subject disclosure may include, for example, a water vehicle including a deck that accommodates a group of passengers above a waterline and an observation gondola accommodating the group of passengers below the waterline. The access between the observation gondola and the deck is provided by way of an aperture in a top of the observation gondola. The observation gondola includes a transparent floor and walls allowing the group of passengers to enjoy an underwater experience without exposure to the water and while maintaining an unobstructed panoramic view of the underwater environment. The underwater observation gondola can include a substantially open top, which may include a sun screen or weather protective cover. The open top exposes the observation gondola to fresh air, while alleviating any claustrophobic sensations as might otherwise be experienced by passengers during underwater observation. Other embodiments are disclosed.
Claims 1. A water vehicle, comprising: a deck sufficiently sized to accommodate a plurality of passengers; a hull arranged to support a portion of the deck above a waterline; and an observation gondola extending below the waterline and secured relative to the deck when configured in an underwater observation mode, the observation gondola comprising: a transparent floor; a top portion including an open area above the transparent floor; and a plurality of transparent walls, each wall of the plurality of transparent walls extending between the floor and the top portion, wherein the floor, the top portion and the plurality of transparent walls collectively define an interior region sufficiently sized to accommodate the plurality of passengers below the waterline. 2. The water vehicle of claim 1, wherein the hull comprises a plurality of hulls. 3. The water vehicle of claim 1, wherein the transparent floor comprises: a plurality of transparent floor sections; and a frame positioned between adjacent transparent floor sections of the plurality of transparent floor sections. 4. The water vehicle of claim 1, wherein a transparent wall of the plurality of transparent walls comprises: a plurality of transparent wall sections; and a frame positioned between adjacent transparent wall sections of the plurality of transparent wall sections. 5. The water vehicle of claim 4, wherein the frame comprises a mounting bracket arranged to support an auxiliary device mounted thereon. 6. The water vehicle of claim 1, wherein the open area overlaps at least 50% of the transparent floor. 7. The water vehicle of claim 1, further comprising a roof suspended above the deck and overlapping the open area above the transparent floor. 8. The water vehicle of claim 1, further comprising a propulsion system to reposition the water vehicle. 9. The water vehicle of claim 1, wherein the gondola further comprises transparent passenger seating to accommodate a group of passengers among the plurality of passengers. 10. A method comprising: supporting a plurality of passengers upon a deck of a first water vehicle, wherein the deck is above a waterline; supporting during underwater observation the plurality of passengers within a gondola defining an interior region sized to accommodate the plurality of passengers and having a top portal defining an open area, wherein the plurality of passengers when situated within the interior region are below the waterline during the underwater observation; accommodating by way of the top portal an unobstructed transfer of the plurality of passengers between the deck and the interior region of the gondola, wherein the top portal is positioned above a transparent floor of the gondola; and exposing the interior region of the gondola to open-air by way of the top portal during the underwater observation, wherein the open area overlaps at least 50% of the transparent floor. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the plurality of passengers comprises at least forty passengers. 12. The method of claim 10, further comprising shading from solar exposure a portion of the deck and the top portal without obstructing the exposing of the interior region of the gondola to the open-air. 13. The method of claim 10, further comprising controllably transporting the first water vehicle during the underwater observation. 14. The method of claim 10, further comprising: positioning the water vehicle at location destination separated from a point of embarkation; and transporting by way of a second water vehicle a group of the plurality of passengers between the point of embarkation and the water vehicle at the destination. 15. A system comprising: a first hull; a second hull substantially parallel to the first hull and spaced apart from the first hull; a deck supported upon a top surface of a bridge coupled to the first hull and the second hull, wherein the deck is located above a waterline; and a gondola, having an interior region and a top portion defining a portal, wherein the gondola is secured with respect to the deck when configured for underwater observation, wherein the interior region of the gondola extends below the waterline to accommodate a plurality of adult human passengers below the waterline to observe an underwater environment, wherein the gondola comprises: a transparent floor; a top portion positioned above the transparent floor and including a portal defining an open area overlapping at least 50% of the transparent floor; and a plurality of transparent walls extending between the transparent floor and the top portion. 16. The system of claim 15, further comprising a passageway disposed between the deck and the transparent floor, by way of the portal to allow the plurality of adult human passengers to move freely between the interior region of the gondola and the deck. 17. The system of claim 15, wherein the top portion including the portal comprises top portions of each wall of the plurality of transparent walls. 18. The system of claim 15, further comprising: a renewable energy generation system; and an energy storage system coupled to the renewable energy generation system to store energy generated by the renewable energy generation system. 19. The system of claim 15, wherein the gondola can be raised and lowered with respect to the deck. 20. The system of claim 15, wherein a single transparent member comprises a wall of the plurality of transparent walls and the transparent floor. 