The invention relates to sputter targets and methods for depositing a layer from a sputter target. The method preferably includes the steps of: placing a sputter target in a vacuum chamber; placing a substrate having a substrate surface in the vacuum chamber; reducing the pressure in the vacuum chamber to about 100 Torr or less; removing atoms from the surface of the sputter target white the sputter target is in the vacuum chamber (e.g., using a magnetic field and/or an electric field). The deposited layer preferably includes a molybdenum containing alloy including about 50 atomic percent or more molybdenum, 0.1 to 45 atomic percent titanium; and 0.1 to 40 atomic percent of a third metal element that is tantalum or chromium.
Claims 1. A process comprising the steps of: i) placing a sputter target having a target surface in a vacuum chamber; ii) placing a substrate having a substrate surface in a vacuum chamber; iii) reducing the pressure in the vacuum chamber to about 100 Torr or less; iv) removing atoms from the surface of the sputter target while the sputter target is in the vacuum chamber at a pressure of about 100 Torr or less, wherein the step of removing atoms from the surface of the sputter target employs a magnetic field and/or an electric field; and v) depositing atoms on the surface of the substrate so that a molybdenum containing layer is formed, wherein the molybdenum containing layer includes an alloy having about 50 atomic % or more molybdenum; 0.1 to 45 atomic % titanium; and 0.1 to 45 atomic % of a third metal element, based on the total number of atoms in the sputter target, wherein the third metal element is tantalum or chromium. 2-21. (canceled) 22. The process of claim 1, wherein the process is a vapor deposition process at a pressure of about 20 mTorr or less. 23. The process of claim 22, wherein the step of depositing includes depositing the molybdenum containing layer on a silicon substrate. 24. The process of claim 23, wherein the molybdenum containing layer is interposed between a substrate layer and a conductive layer containing Cu, Al, Ag, Au, or any combination thereof. 25. The process of claim 22, wherein, the molybdenum containing layer is deposited over a layer of a first material, and the process includes a step of depositing a layer of a second material over the molybdenum containing layer, wherein the process includes a step of annealing the first material, the molybdenum containing layer, and the second material, wherein the molybdenum containing layer prevents migration of the atoms of the first material into the second material. 26. The process of claim 24, wherein the molybdenum containing layer is deposited over a layer of a first material, and the process includes a step of depositing a layer of a second material over the molybdenum containing layer, wherein the process includes a step of annealing the first material, the molybdenum containing layer, and the second materiel, wherein the molybdenum containing layer prevents migration of the atoms of the first material into the second material. 27. The process of claim 26, wherein the conductive layer includes copper, and the concentration of copper at the surface of the: silicon containing layer is less than 0.1 atomic % as determined by Auger spectroscopy after the annealing step. 28. The process of claim 1, wherein the molybdenum containing layer has a thickness of about 200 nm or less. 29. The process of claim 26, wherein the conductive layer includes copper, and the concentration of copper at the surface of the silicon containing layer is less than 0.1 atomic % as determined by Auger spectroscopy after the annealing step. 30. The process of claim 1, wherein the molybdenum containing layer has an average grain size of about 20 nm to about 500 nm. 31. The process of claim 1, wherein the third metal element includes tantalum. 32. The process of claim 1, wherein the molybdenum containing layer has grains that are elongated having a length to width ratio of greater than 5:1. 33. The process of claim 1, wherein the step of depositing the molybdenum containing layer employs an inert gas. 34. The process of claim 1, wherein the process, includes a step of etching a layer of the sputter target to remove an oxide layer. 35. The process of claim 1, wherein the sputter target includes a plurality of phases including: i) about 40% or more by volume of a first phase based on the total volume of the sputter target, wherein the first phase includes molybdenum at a concentration of about 50 atomic % or more, based on the total number of atoms in the first phase; ii) about 1 to about 40 % by volume of a second phase based on the total volume of the sputter target, wherein the second phase includes titanium at a concentration of about 50 atomic % or more, based on the total number of atoms in the second phase; and; iii) about 1 to about 40 % by volume of a third phase based on the total volume of the sputter target, wherein the third phase includes about 50 atomic % or more of tantalum or chromium based on the total number of atoms in the third phase. 36. The process of claim 35, wherein the second phase is present at a concentration of 5 volume % or more, based on the. total volume of the sputter target, and the third phase is present at a concentration of 5 volume % or more, based on the total volume of the sputter target. 37. The process of claim 35, wherein wherein the concentration, of molybdenum in the sputter target is about 70 atomic % or more. 38. A device prepared according to the method of claim 1, wherein the device includes the substrate layer and the molybdenum containing layer. 39. The device of claim 38, wherein the molybdenum containing layer is characterized as having an etch rate of 65 nm/min or less when the deposition layer has a thickness of about 200 nm and the etching is performed using ferricyanide solution at 25.degree. C. 40. The device of claim 38, wherein the device is selected from the group consisting of a computer monitor, an optical disk, a solar cell, a magnetic data storage device, an optical communication device, a decorative coating, a hard coating, a glass coatings including WEB coatings, a camera, a video recorder, a video game, a cell phone, a smartphone, a touch screen, a global positioning satellite device, a video scoreboard, a video billboard, and any other display pane. 