Methods, systems and apparatus for a solar cell integrating photovoltaic and thermoelectric cell elements to form a hybrid solar cell having increased efficiency and longevity by combining operation of the photovoltaic and thermoelectric elements in at least three different modes of operation to increase electrical output per unit of panel area and to increase cell life, improve performance, and provide operational benefits under different environmental conditions.
Claims 1. A hybrid solar cell comprising: a photovoltaic cell having an upper and a lower contact plate with the photovoltaic elements layered between the upper and lower contact plates; and a thermoelectric cell having an upper and a lower contact plate with the thermoelectric elements layered between the upper and lower contact plates; an electrically insulating layer between the lower contact plate of the photovoltaic cell and the upper contact plate of the thermoelectric cell to couple the thermoelectric cell with the photovoltaic cell; and an electrical connection between the photovoltaic cell and the thermoelectric electric cell to configure the hybrid solar cell to cool and heat the photovoltaic cell. 2. The hybrid solar cell of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic cell comprises: a first layer for allowing solar light to enter the photovoltaic cell; a anti-reflective layer adjacent to the first layer; a n-type semiconductor layer; a p-type semiconductor layer adjacent to the n-type semiconductor layer; a first conductive layer sandwiched between the anti-reflective layer and one of the n-type and p-type semiconductor elements; and a second conductive layer sandwiched between the anti-reflective layer and an opposite one of the n-type and p-type semiconductor elements. 3. The hybrid solar cell of claim 1, wherein the thermoelectric cell comprises: a n-type semiconductor layer; a p-type semiconductor layer adjacent to the n-type semiconductor layer; a first connector layer sandwiched between the electrically insulating layer and one of the n-type and p-type semiconductor elements; and a second connector layer sandwiched between the electrically insulating layer and an opposite one of the n-type and p-type semiconductor elements. 4. The hybrid solar cell of claim 1, wherein the mode of operation comprises: a mode of operation with the thermoelectric cell elements configured as a Peltier Effect cooler driven by the DC output of the photovoltaic cell to cool the photovoltaic cell elements to increase the net output power of the hybrid solar cell under hot conditions. 5. The hybrid solar cell of claim 1, wherein the mode of operation further comprises: apriori prediction of predominant external environmental conditions; a controller established by series and parallel connection configuration of the individual thermoelectric elements optimized for the predicted predominant environmental conditions for controlling operation of the hybrid solar cell. 6. A solar system comprising: plural hybrid solar cells each consisting of: a photovoltaic cell having a top and a bottom contact layer with the photovoltaic cell sandwiched there between; and a thermoelectric cell having a top and a bottom contact layer with the thermoelectric cell sandwiched there between, the photovoltaic cell bottom contact layer separated from the thermoelectric cell top contact layer by an electrically insulating layer; the hybrid solar cells configurable for a predetermined operation in one of at least two modes of operation to efficiently increase the electric output and increase the longevity of the hybrid solar cell. 7. The system of claim 6, further comprising: a prediction of predominant external environmental conditions; a controller established by connection configuration of the hybrid solar cell for controlling the configured one of at least two modes of operation. 8. The system of claim 6, wherein the photovoltaic cell comprises: a first layer for allowing solar light to enter the photovoltaic cell; a anti-reflective layer adjacent to the first layer; a n-type semiconductor layer; a p-type semiconductor layer adjacent to the n-type semiconductor layer, the bottom contact layer adjacent to one of the n-type and p-type semiconductor elements and the top contact layer sandwiched between the anti-reflective layer and an opposite one of the n-type and p-type semiconductor elements. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein the thermoelectric cell comprises: a n-type semiconductor layer; and a p-type semiconductor layer adjacent to the n-type semiconductor layer, the top contact layer sandwiched between the electrically insulating layer and one of the n-type and p-type semiconductor elements and the bottom contact layer adjacent to an opposite one of the n-type and p-type semiconductor elements. 10. The system of claim 6, wherein the one of at least two modes of operation further comprises: a mode of operation with the thermoelectric cell elements configured as a Peltier Effect cooler driven by the DC output of the photovoltaic cell to cool the photovoltaic cell elements to increase the net output power of the hybrid solar cell under hot conditions. 11. A hybrid solar electric device comprising a photovoltaic cell; a thermoelectric cell in direct physical and direct thermal contact to a substrate of the photovoltaic cell and integrally coupled with the photovoltaic cell to primarily cool and heat the photovoltaic cell; an electrical connection within the hybrid solar electric device between the photovoltaic cell and the thermoelectric cell for the thermoelectric cell to controllably receive electric energy from the photovoltaic cell to produce a reverse temperature gradient for cooling or a forward temperature gradient for heating. 12. The hybrid solar electric device of claim 11, further comprising: a sensing device to monitor an external environmental condition in which the hybrid solar device is operating; and a programmed controller configured to control different modes of operation of the photovoltaic cell and thermoelectric cell according to the output from the sensing device. 