Tensioned sheet-metal based solar panels and structures for supporting the same are disclosed. The sheet metal based solar panels can include a flexible photovoltaic solar module laminated onto a thin, flexible metal sheet. Such solar panels can be mounted on and tensioned within a support frame that is twisted out of plane with respect to a reference planar datum surface. The resulting surface can be a hyperbolic paraboloid, which can be aesthetically pleasing while improving structural stability and maximizing angular exposure to the sun.
Claims 1. A flexible solar panel comprising: a flexible sheet-metal substrate; and a flexible photovoltaic module coupled to the flexible sheet-metal substrate, wherein the flexible solar panel is configured to structurally withstand at least one of tensioning, twisting, and warping. 2. The flexible solar panel of claim 1, wherein the flexible sheet-metal substrate comprises stainless steel. 3. The flexible solar panel of claim 1, the flexible photovoltaic module comprising a plurality of photovoltaic cells. 4. The flexible solar panel of claim 3, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic cells comprises amorphous silicon photovoltaic cells. 5. The flexible solar panel of claim 1, wherein the flexible photovoltaic module is laminated to the flexible sheet-metal substrate. 6. The flexible solar panel of claim 1, wherein the flexible photovoltaic module is coupled to the flexible sheet-metal substrate with an adhesive. 7. The flexible solar panel of claim 1, further comprising a micro inverter electrically coupled to the plurality of photovoltaic cells configured to convert direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC). 8. A support frame comprising: at least two tubular perimeter support members, each tubular perimeter support member comprising a plurality of holes following a helical curve along a longitudinal length of the tubular perimeter support member; at least two perimeter cross members coupled to the at least two tubular perimeter support members at points along the helical curves; and at least one cross member coupled to the at least two tubular perimeter support members at a points along the helical curves and between the at least two perimeter cross members. 9. The support frame of claim 8, wherein the helical curve is a cylindrical helical curve with constant pitch. 10. The support frame of claim 9, wherein two diagonal corners of the support frame, formed at the points where the perimeter cross members are coupled to the perimeter support members, are raised and lowered equally relative to one another and with reference to a planar datum surface. 11. The support frame of claim 10, wherein a symmetric hyperbolic parabolic surface is implied within the support frame. 12. The support frame of claim 8, wherein the helical curve is a circular helical curve with variable pitch. 13. The support frame of claim 12, wherein two diagonal corners of the support frame, formed at the points where the perimeter cross members are coupled to the perimeter support members, are raised and lowered unequally relative to one another and with reference to a planar datum surface. 14. The support frame of claim 13, wherein an asymmetric hyperbolic parabolic surface is implied within the support frame. 15. The support frame of claim 8, the perimeter cross members and the cross members being tubular. 16. The support frame of claim 8, wherein the perimeter support members, the perimeter cross members, and the cross members comprise stainless steel. 17. A system comprising: a support frame comprising: two perimeter support members comprising holes formed on a helical curve extending along a longitudinal length of the perimeter support members; two perimeter cross members, ends of which are coupled to ends of the two perimeter support members along the helical curves to form four corners, wherein two diagonal corners of the four corners are raised and lowered relative to one another and with reference to a planar datum surface; and at least one flexible solar panel coupled to a subset of the holes of the two perimeter support members with fasteners, wherein the fasteners are configured to provide tension to the flexible solar panel. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the fasteners comprise tension rods. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the fasteners further comprise fork ends securely coupled to first ends of the tension rods, the ford ends securely coupled to the at least one flexible solar panel using a fastener. 20. The system of claim 17, wherein the at least one flexible solar panel forms a hyperbolic parabolic surface within the support frame. 