A low cost method and apparatus for detecting faults in a solar module comprising the steps of monitoring the voltage across each string of cells within the module's junction box and signaling an alarm at the module and or at a remote location if any of the voltages across the strings of cells drop below an acceptable voltage threshold, thereby indicating a fault condition.
Claims 1. A fault detector for a solar module having a plurality of strings of photovoltaic cells, comprising in combination: a controller whose inputs comprise analog-to-digital converters; a plurality of bypass diodes whose cathodes and anodes are connected in parallel across respective said strings of photovoltaic cells, said cathodes of respective bypass diodes being connected to said inputs of said controller; and an alarm connected to an output of said controller. 2. The fault detector as set forth in claim 1, wherein said fault detector is located in a junction box of the solar module. 3. The fault detector as set forth in claim 1, wherein each respective said bypass diode becomes forward biased allowing current to pass around the respective string of defective or shaded cells, thereby reducing voltage losses through the solar module. 4. The fault detector as set forth in claim 1, wherein said controller outputs to the alarm to sound an audible alarm when the respective voltages of any one of the strings of photovoltaic cells falls below a threshold indicative of a fault condition. 5. The fault detector as set forth in claim 4, wherein said alarm comprises an alarm buzzer that indicates the specific string of photovoltaic cells whose voltage falls below said threshold indicative of a fault condition. 6. The fault detector as set forth in claim 5, wherein said alarm buzzer indicating the specific string of photovoltaic cells whose voltage falls below said threshold indicative of a fault condition comprises sounding a number of buzzes equal to the number of the specific string of photovoltaic cells whose voltage has fallen below said threshold indicative of a fault condition. 7. The fault detector as set forth in claim 4, wherein said alarm comprises a loud speaker. 8. The fault detector as set forth in claim 7, wherein said loud speaker audibly announces the specific string of photovoltaic cells whose voltage has fallen below said threshold indicative of a fault condition. 9. The fault detector as set forth in claim 1, wherein said alarm comprises a radio frequency (RF) transmitter. 10. The fault detector as set forth in claim 9, wherein said transmitter sends an RF signal to a base station indicating the voltages of the strings of photovoltaic cells. 11. The fault detector as set forth in claim 1, wherein said controller measures the electrical current flowing between each string of photovoltaic cells. 12. The fault detector as set forth in claim 1, wherein said alarm comprises a DC power line communication interface that insets fault information into DC wiring. 13. The fault detector as set forth in claim 12, further including a complementary DC power line communication interface to recover said fault information to a computer monitoring station. 14. A fault detector for a solar module having a plurality of strings of photovoltaic cells, comprising in combination: an optocoupler connected across the positive and negative terminals of each of the strings of the photovoltaic cells; and an alarm driven by said optocouplers. 15. A method for fault detection for a solar module having a plurality of strings of photovoltaic cells, comprising in the steps of: connecting a plurality of bypass diodes with their respective cathodes and anodes connected in parallel across respective said strings of photovoltaic cells; connecting said cathodes of respective bypass diodes to respective analog-to-digital converter inputs of a controller; and outputting fault information to an alarm connected to an output of said controller. 16. The fault detector method as set forth in claim 15, wherein a fault detector implementing the method is located in a junction box of the solar module. 17. The fault detector method as set forth in claim 16, wherein each respective said bypass diode becomes forward biased allowing current to pass around the respective string of defective or shaded cells, thereby reducing voltage losses through the solar module. 18. The fault detector method as set forth in claim 17, wherein said controller outputs to the alarm to sound an audible alarm when the respective voltages of any one of the strings of photovoltaic cells falls below a threshold indicative of a fault condition. 19. The fault detector method as set forth in claim 18, wherein said alarm comprises an alarm buzzer that indicates the specific string of photovoltaic cells whose voltage falls below said threshold indicative of a fault condition. 20. The fault detector method as set forth in claim 19, wherein said alarm buzzer indicating the specific string of photovoltaic cells whose voltage falls below said threshold indicative of a fault condition comprises sounding a number of buzzes equal to the number of the specific string of photovoltaic cells whose voltage has fallen below said threshold indicative of a fault condition. 21. The fault detector method as set forth in claim 18, wherein said alarm comprises a loud speaker. 22. The fault detector method as set forth in claim 21, wherein said loud speaker audibly announces the specific string of photovoltaic cells whose voltage has fallen below said threshold indicative of a fault condition. 23. The fault detector method as set forth in claim 15, wherein said alarm comprises a radio frequency (RF) transmitter. 24. The fault detector method as set forth in claim 23, wherein said transmitter sends an RF signal to a base station indicating the voltages of the strings of photovoltaic cells. 25. The fault detector method as set forth in claim 15, wherein said controller measures the electrical current flowing between each string of photovoltaic cells. 26. The fault detector method as set forth in claim 15, wherein said alarm comprises a DC power line communication interface that inserts fault information into DC wiring. 27. The fault detector as set forth in claim 26, further including a complementary DC power line communication interface to recover said fault information to a computer monitoring station. 28. A method for fault detection for a solar module having a plurality of strings of photovoltaic cells, comprising in the steps of: connecting an optocoupler across the positive and negative terminals of each of the strings of the photovoltaic cells; and said optocouplers driving an alarm. 