A protective covering helps to prevent fastener leaks from roof installed fasteners, which are used to mount roofing systems, such as a solar panel installation system, to roofs with a mounting bracket attached to the roof. The protective covering is a portion of flat, malleable waterproof material molded to form a cover, forming a rounded or peaked triangular-shaped structure when viewed from the side. The triangular shaped structure includes a base and a hypotenuse portion where the line of the roof acts as a side which is covered by at least the hypotenuse portion. The hypotenuse portion meets the roof at an angle. The covering is adapted for insertion under portions of a roof shingle, and extends back in a slight rise (downwardly with respect to the root) to cover the fastener and L-shaped bracket, which the fastener fastens to the roof.
Claims 1. A protective covering for, and in combination with, a roof-mounted system that is attached with a mounting bracket attached to a sloping roof using fasteners, comprising: a fastening member penetrating a shingle and underlining structure of said roof for attaching said mounting bracket to said roof; said roof-mounted system supported and spaced from said roof by a mounting member connected to said mounting bracket and said roof-mounted system; a portion of at least one shingle being cut away to accommodate said bracket mounted on said roof; a protective cover for enclosing said fastening member and at least a portion of said mounting bracket for preventing fastening leaks of water through said roof; said protective cover comprising malleable waterproof material molded to form a curved top surface extending from a flashing flange base of said protective cover to a distal end of said protective cover and having curved tapered-shaped side walls; said flashing flange of said protective cover extending under a distal end of a shingle, said top surface extending out from said flashing flange in a slight rise, downwardly with respect to the roof to form said tapered side walls, said distal end of said protective cover covering the fastener and said portion of said bracket which the fastener fastens to the roof. 2. The combination of claim 1 in which said bracket is L-shaped, with said fastener extending through one leg of the L-shaped bracket into said underlying roof structure. 3. The combination of claim 2 in which said roof mounted system comprises a photovoltaic PV racking system. 4. The system of claim 1 in which said protected cover has a flap extending down from a distal edge of said protective cover forming a drip edge for providing further shielding of said fastener. 5. The system of claim 1 in which said curved top surface comprises front, rear, and side edges , said curved top surface of said protective cover forming a curved hollow cylinder of circular or oval crossection tapered with a domed front as truncated by a plane parallel to the cylinder axis and a pair of flanges extending out from bottom edges of said curved hollow cylinder. 6. The system of claim 1 in which said curved top surface comprises front, rear, and side edges , said curved top surface of said protective cover forming a curved hollow tapered cylinder of round crossection as truncated by a plane angled to the axis and piercing the end at median and a side. 7. The system of claim 1 having sealant on said distal end of the shingle. 8. The system of claim 1 in which multiple mounting brackets are mounted on more than one shingle to support said roof-mounted system. 9. The system of claim 1 in which said fastener is a lag bolt. 10. The system of claim 1 in which said protective cover is of one piece construction. 11. The system of claim 1 in which said roof-mounted system comprising a solar panel. 12. A roof mounted solar panel system comprising: a sloped roof having an outer layer of overlapping shingles; a bracket assembly for supporting a solar panel above and spaced from said shingles whereby no part of said solar panel is in contact with any shingles on said roof; said bracket assembly attached to said roof through a first of said shingles; said bracket assembly comprising an L-shaped member with a first leg of said L-shaped member flush against an upper surface of said first shingle; a fastener extending through said first leg and said first shingle for securing said bracket assembly to said roof; a protective cover of single piece construction having a curved top surface with front, rear, and side edges, a pair of tapered side walls extending down from an axial apex from the rear edge of said curved top surface with an apex of each side wall at said rear edge of said curved top surface, and a pair of flanges extending out from bottom edges of said tapered side walls; the rear edge of said curved top surface resting on the top surface of said first shingle adjacent an edge of a second, uphill shingle overlapping a rear, upper portion of said first shingle whereby said curved top surface slopes downwardly and away from the upper surface of said first shingle; said flanges extending under shingles adjacent side edges of said first shingle; the curved top surface of said protective cover extending over said first leg of said L-shaped bracket assembly covering said fastener and preventing water seepage on an about said fastener; and a mounting bar attached to and extending out from a second leg of said L-shaped bracket past a leading edge of said curved top surface for supporting said solar panel. 13. A protective covering for, and in combination with, a roof-mounted system that is attached with a mounting bracket attached to a sloping roof using fasteners, comprising: a fastening member penetrating a shingle and underlining structure of said roof for attaching said mounting bracket to said roof; said roof-mounted system supported and spaced from said roof by a mounting member connected to said mounting bracket and said roof-mounted system; a portion of at least one shingle being cut away to accommodate said bracket mounted on said roof; a protective cover for enclosing said fastening member and at least a portion of said mounting bracket for preventing fastening leaks of water through said roof; said protective cover comprising malleable waterproof material molded to form peaked top surface extending from a flashing flange base of said protective cover to a distal end of said protective cover and having tapered-shaped side walls; said flashing flange of said protective cover extending under a distal end of a shingle, said top surface extending out from said flashing flange in a slight rise, downwardly with respect to the roof to form said tapered side walls, said distal end of said protective cover covering the fastener and said portion of said bracket which the fastener fastens to the roof. 14. The combination of claim 13 in which said bracket is L-shaped, with said fastener extending through one leg of the L-shaped bracket into said underlying roof structure. 15. The combination of claim 13 in which said roof mounted system comprises a photovoltaic PV racking system. 16. The system of claim 13 in which said protected cover has a flap extending down from a distal edge of said protective cover forming a drip edge for providing further shielding of said fastener. 17. The system of claim 13 in which said peaked top surface comprises front, rear, and side edges, a pair of tapered side walls extending down from said side edges of said protective cover from the rear edge of said flat top surface with an apex of each side wall at said rear edge of said flat top surface, and a pair of flanges extending out from bottom edges of said side walls. 18. The system of claim 13 having sealant on said distal end of the shingle. 19. The system of claim 13 in which multiple mounting brackets are mounted on more than one shingle to support said roof-mounted system. 20. The system of claim 13 in which said fastener is a lag bolt. 21. The system of claim 13 in which said protective cover is of one piece construction. 22. The system of claim 13 in which said roof-mounted system comprising a solar panel. 23. The system of claim 13 in which said roof-mounted system comprises a gambrel roof shape with a symmetrical two-sided shape having two slopes on each side. 24. The system of claim 13 in which said roof-mounted system comprises an arched roof with straight vertical sides. 25. A roof mounted solar panel system comprising: a sloped roof having an outer layer of overlapping shingles; a bracket assembly for supporting a solar panel above and spaced from said shingles whereby no part of said solar panel is in contact with any shingles on said roof; said bracket assembly attached to said roof through a first of said shingles; said bracket assembly comprising an L-shaped member with a first leg of said L-shaped member flush against an upper surface of said first shingle; a fastener extending through said first leg and said first shingle for securing said bracket assembly to said roof; a protective cover of single piece construction having a peaked top surface with front, rear, and side edges, a pair of tapered side walls extending down from an axial apex from the rear edge of said peaked top surface with an apex of each side wall at said rear edge of said peaked top surface, and a pair of flanges extending out from bottom edges of said tapered side walls; the rear edge of said peaked top surface resting on the top surface of said first shingle adjacent an edge of a second, uphill shingle overlapping a rear, upper portion of said first shingle whereby said peaked top surface slopes downwardly and away from the upper surface of said first shingle; said flanges extending under shingles adjacent side edges of said first shingle; the peaked top surface of said protective cover extending over said first leg of said L-shaped bracket assembly covering said fastener and preventing water seepage on an about said fastener; and a mounting bar attached to and extending out from a second leg of said L-shaped bracket past a leading edge of said peaked top surface for supporting said solar panel. 