A matrix connection device disposed between n unidirectional energy sources (PV1, PV2, PVn) and n power converters (C1, C2, Cn) for the purpose of powering a common load (10), said device comprising: n matrix switch units (I1, I2 to In), each of which comprises n link switches (Ki1, Ki2 to Kin) having their outlets connected together and having their n inlets connected to the n outlets of said photovoltaic panels and/or wind turbines; at least one additional switch unit (In+1) comprising n switches (K.sub.n+11, K.sub.n+12 to K.sub.n+1n) having their outlets connected together and their n inlets connected to respective ones of the n outlets of the unidirectional energy sources; and a monitoring and control circuit (14) for starting up or not starting up said power converters as a function of the power available at each of said unidirectional energy sources, and then for keeping them switched on or for deactivating them as a function of the power consumed by each of them.
Claims 1. A matrix connection device disposed between n unidirectional energy sources (PV1, PV2, PVn) and at least n+1 power converters (C1, C2, Cn, Cn+1) for the purpose of powering a common load (10), said device being characterized in that it comprises: n matrix switch units (I1, I2 to In), each of which comprises n link switches (Ki1, Ki2 to Kin) having their outlets connected together and having their n inlets connected to the n outlets of said unidirectional energy sources, the outlet of the first unidirectional energy source (PV1) being connected to each of the first switches (Ki1) of each of the matrix switch units (I1, I2 to In), the outlet of the second unidirectional energy source (PV2) being connected to each of the second switches Ki2 of each of the matrix switch units (I1, I2 to In) and so on to the outlet of the n.sup.th unidirectional energy source (PVn) that is connected to each of the n.sup.th switches (Kin) of each of the matrix switch units (I1, I2 to In); at least one additional switch unit (In+1) comprising n switches (K.sub.n+11, K.sub.n+12 to K.sub.n+1n) having their outlets connected together and their n inlets connected to respective ones of the n outlets of said unidirectional energy sources; and a monitoring and control circuit (14) for starting up or not starting up said power converters as a function of the power available at each of said unidirectional energy sources, and then for keeping them switched on or for deactivating them as a function of the power consumed by each of them. 2. A matrix connection device according to claim 1, characterized in that it further comprises n power sensors disposed in association with said n unidirectional energy sources so as to enable said available power to be measured. 3. A matrix connection device according to claim 2, characterized in that said power sensor is formed by an insolation sensor or by a sensor for measuring the speed of the wind. 4. A matrix connection device according to claim 1, characterized in that it further comprises n short-circuit switches (K10, K20 to Kn0) for short-circuiting the outlet of each of said unidirectional energy sources, thereby enabling said available power to be measured. 5. A matrix connection device according to claim 1, characterized in that each of said switches comprises an IGBT or a MOSFET associated with protection circuits for protecting both against voltage surges and against current surges. 6. A matrix connection device according to claim 1, characterized in that each of said switches comprises an electromechanical component. 7. A matrix connection device according to claim 1, characterized in that said unidirectional energy sources are photovoltaic panels or wind turbines or a combination of both. 8. An energy conversion installation including a matrix connection device according to claim 1 for powering power converters from unidirectional energy sources. 