A power converter circuit includes output terminals configured to receive an external voltage. A series circuit includes a number of converter units, each including input terminals configured to be coupled to a DC power source and output terminals configured to provide an output current. The series circuit is connected between the output terminals of the power converter circuit. A synchronization circuit is configured to generate a synchronization signal. The power converter circuit can be operated in a normal operation mode. In the normal operation mode, the synchronization circuit is configured to generate the synchronization signal dependent on the external voltage. In the normal operation mode, at least one converter unit of the plurality of converter units is configured to receive the synchronization signal and to regulate a generation of the output current such that a frequency and/or a phase of the output current is dependent on the synchronization signal.
Claims 1. A power converter circuit, comprising: output terminals configured to receive an external voltage; a series circuit with a plurality of converter units, each converter unit comprising input terminals configured to be coupled to a DC power source and output terminals configured to provide an output current, the series circuit connected between the output terminals of the power converter circuit; and a synchronization circuit configured to generate a synchronization signal; wherein the power converter circuit can be operated in a normal operation mode, wherein, in the normal operation mode, the synchronization circuit is configured to generate the synchronization signal dependent on the external voltage, and wherein, in the normal operation mode, at least one converter unit of the plurality of converter units is configured to receive the synchronization signal and to regulate a generation of the output current such that a frequency and/or a phase of the output current is dependent on the synchronization signal. 2. The power converter circuit of claim 1, wherein, in the normal operation mode, the synchronization circuit is configured to generate the synchronization signal with a frequency corresponding to a frequency of the external voltage, and with a phase that has a given phase difference relative to the phase of the external voltage. 3. The power converter circuit of claim 2, wherein the phase difference is zero. 4. The power converter circuit of claim 2, wherein the converter unit is configured to generate the output current such that there is a given phase difference between the output current and the synchronization signal. 5. The power converter circuit of claim 1, wherein the power converter circuit is configured to enter a standby mode when a shut-down condition is detected. 6. The power converter circuit of claim 5, wherein, in the standby mode, the converter unit is configured to generate zero output current. 7. The power converter circuit of claim 6, wherein a shut-down condition is detected when one or more of the following conditions is met: the output current at the output terminals of the power converter circuit is below a given current threshold; a phase difference between the output current at the output terminals of the power converter circuit and an output voltage at the output terminals of the power converter circuit is above a given phase difference threshold; the output voltage falls below a given voltage threshold; a shut-down trigger signal is received. 8. The power converter circuit of claim 5, further comprising: an operation mode controller configured to control the generation of the synchronization signal, wherein the operation mode controller is configured to have the synchronization circuit generate the synchronization signal with a standby waveform when a shut-down condition is met, and wherein the converter unit is configured to generate zero output current when the synchronization signal has the standby waveform. 9. The power converter circuit of claim 8, wherein the standby waveform is a waveform with a constant signal level. 10. The power converter circuit of claim 5, further comprising: an operation mode controller, wherein the operation mode controller is configured to interrupt a connection between the series circuit and the output terminals when the shut-down condition is detected. 11. The power converter circuit of claim 5, wherein the converter unit is configured to generate zero output current when a voltage between the output terminals of the converter unit reaches a given voltage threshold. 12. The power converter circuit of claim 8, wherein, in the standby mode: the converter unit is configured to pass through an input voltage available at the input terminals to the output terminals, the operation mode controller is configured to interrupt a connection between the series circuit and the output terminals, the operation mode controller is configured to detect a voltage across the series circuit with the converter units, and the operation mode controller is configured to have the synchronization circuit generate the synchronization signal with a normal mode level when a voltage across the series circuit increases above a given voltage level. 13. The power converter circuit of claim 1, further comprising: an operation mode controller configured to operate the power converter circuit in a first test mode in which the synchronization signal is generated with a waveform other than a waveform of the external voltage, and configured to shut-down the power converter circuit when the waveform of the external voltage at the output terminals follows the waveform of the synchronization signal. 14. The power converter circuit of claim 1, further comprising an operation mode controller configured to monitor the external voltage, and, when an interruption of the external voltage is detected, to cause the synchronization circuit to continue to generate the synchronization signal with a frequency and a phase corresponding to the frequency and the phase before the interruption was detected. 15. The power converter circuit of claim 14, wherein the operation mode controller is further configured to shut down the power converter circuit, when after an interruption of the external voltage, the external voltage has not recovered within a specified time period. 16. The power converter circuit of claim 1, wherein the converter unit comprises: a DC/AC converter coupled between the input terminals and the output terminals of the at least one converter unit, the DC/AC converter configured to generate an AC output current with a frequency and phase that is dependent on a first reference signal; and a control circuit configured to generate the first reference signal dependent on the synchronization signal and the AC output current of the at least one converter unit. 17. The power converter of claim 16, wherein the DC/AC converter is configured to receive an input voltage, and wherein the control circuit is configured to generate the first reference signal dependent on an input voltage. 18. The power converter circuit of claim 16, wherein the converter unit further comprises: a DC/DC converter coupled between the input terminals of the converter unit and the DC/AC converter unit, the DC/DC converter configured to adjust an input voltage between the input terminals and/or an input current at the input terminals dependent on a second reference signal; and a reference signal source configured to provide the second reference signal. 19. The power converter circuit of claim 18, wherein the reference signal source is implemented as a maximum power point tracker and is configured to generate the second reference signal dependent on the input voltage and the input current of the converter unit. 20. The power converter of claim 18, wherein the DC/DC converter is a boost converter or a buck converter. 21. The power converter circuit of claim 1, further comprising: at least two series circuits connected in parallel each with a plurality of converter units connected between the output terminals, wherein the converter units of the at least two series circuits are coupled to the synchronization circuit. 22. A power supply system, comprising: output terminals configured to receive an external voltage; a series circuit with a plurality of converter units, each converter unit comprising input terminals and output terminals for providing an output current, the series circuit connected between the output terminals of the power supply system; a plurality of DC power sources, each DC power source coupled to the input terminals of one converter unit of the plurality of converter units; a synchronization circuit configured to generate a synchronization signal; wherein the power supply system can be operated in a normal operation mode, wherein in the normal operation mode, the synchronization circuit is configured to generate the synchronization signal dependent on the external voltage, and wherein in the normal operation mode, at least one converter unit of the plurality of converter units is configured to receive the synchronization signal and to regulate a generation of the output current such that at least one of a frequency and a phase of the output current are dependent on the synchronization signal. 23. The power supply system of claim 22, wherein each DC power source comprises a photovoltaic array with at least one solar cell. 24. The power supply system, of claim 22, wherein each DC power source comprises a fuel cell. 25. A method for operating a power converter circuit, the power converter circuit comprising: output terminals configured to receive an external voltage; a series circuit with a plurality of converter units, each converter unit comprising input terminals configured to be coupled to a DC power source and output terminals configured to provide an output current, the series circuit connected between the output terminals of the power converter circuit; a synchronization circuit configured to generate a synchronization signal, the method comprising: regulating generation of the output current such that at least one of a frequency and a phase of the output current are dependent on the synchronization signal. 