An apparatus for tracking a portable asset includes a solar panel, an electronics assembly integrated into an enclosure, and a heat spreading assembly adjacent the solar panel, the heat spreading assembly located to form an air gap separating the heat spreading assembly from the electronics assembly such that heat generated by the solar panel is dissipated in the air gap before reaching the electronics assembly.
Claims 1. An apparatus for tracking a portable asset, comprising: a solar panel and an electronics assembly integrated into an enclosure; and a heat spreading assembly adjacent the solar panel, the heat spreading assembly located to form an air gap separating the heat spreading assembly from the electronics assembly such that heat generated by the solar panel is dissipated in the air gap before reaching the electronics assembly. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the air gap is defined by a first standoff type that locates the heat spreading assembly on the enclosure. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the heat spreading assembly is mounted to a second standoff type, the second standoff type having a grommet configured to receive the heat spreading assembly and isolate the heat spreading assembly from the enclosure. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, further comprising a gasket and a cover over the solar panel, the gasket being located between the heat spreading assembly and the cover, the cover being secured to a third standoff type without contacting the heat spreading assembly. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein heat from the solar panel is conducted through the first and second standoff types. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the integrated enclosure is located on a portable asset. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the integrated enclosure provides position and location information relating to the portable asset. 8. A method for thermally decoupling a solar panel from an electronics assembly, comprising: integrating a solar panel and an electronics assembly into an enclosure; and locating a heat spreading assembly adjacent to the solar panel, the heat spreading assembly located to form an air gap separating the heat spreading assembly from the electronics assembly such that heat generated by the solar panel is dissipated in the air gap before reaching the electronics assembly. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising defining the air gap using a first standoff type that locates the heat spreading assembly on the enclosure. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising mounting the heat spreading assembly to a second standoff type, the second standoff type having a grommet configured to receive the heat spreading assembly and isolate the heat spreading assembly from the enclosure. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising: locating a gasket and a cover over the solar panel, the gasket being located between the heat spreading assembly and the cover; and securing the cover to a third standoff type without contacting the heat spreading assembly. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising conducting heat from the solar panel through the first and second standoff types. 13. The method of claim 8, further comprising locating the integrated enclosure on a portable asset. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the integrated enclosure provides position and location information relating to the portable asset. 15. A communication device, comprising: a solar panel and an electronics assembly integrated into an enclosure; and a heat spreading assembly adjacent the solar panel, the heat spreading assembly located to form an air gap separating the heat spreading assembly from the electronics assembly such that heat generated by the solar panel is dissipated in the air gap before reaching the electronics assembly. 16. The communication device of claim 15, wherein the air gap is defined by a first standoff type that locates the heat spreading assembly on the enclosure. 17. The communication device of claim 16, wherein the heat spreading assembly is mounted to a second standoff type, the second standoff type having a grommet configured to receive the heat spreading assembly and isolate the heat spreading assembly from the enclosure. 18. The communication device of claim 17, further comprising a gasket and a cover over the solar panel, the gasket being located between the heat spreading assembly and the cover, the cover being secured to a third standoff type without contacting the heat spreading assembly 19. The communication device of claim 18, wherein heat from the solar panel is conducted through the first and second standoff types. 20. The communication device of claim 15, wherein the integrated enclosure is located on a portable asset. 21. The communication device of claim 20, wherein the integrated enclosure provides position and location information relating to the portable asset. 