A circuit arrangement for setting a potential of a photovoltaic generator with respect to a ground potential (GND) includes at least one first resistance connected between a negative output of the photovoltaic generator and a ground connection, and a series circuit including at least one second resistance and a breakdown diode connected in series between a positive output of the photovoltaic generator and the ground connection to which the ground potential (GND) is applied. Alternatively, the circuit arrangement includes at least one first resistance connected between a positive output of the photovoltaic generator and a ground connection, and a series circuit including at least one second resistance and a breakdown diode connected in series between a negative output of the photovoltaic generator and the ground connection to which the ground potential (GND) is applied.
Claims 1. A circuit arrangement for setting a potential of a photovoltaic generator with respect to a ground potential (GND), comprising: at least one first resistance connected between a negative output of the photovoltaic generator and a ground connection; and a series circuit comprising at least one second resistance and a breakdown diode connected in series between a positive output of the photovoltaic generator and the ground connection to which the ground potential (GND) is applied. 2. The circuit arrangement as claimed in claim 1, wherein the breakdown diode is a zener diode, an avalanche diode or a suppressor diode. 3. The circuit arrangement as claimed in claim 1, wherein the breakdown diode comprises a series circuit of a plurality of zener diodes, avalanche diodes or suppressor diodes. 4. The circuit arrangement as claimed in claim 1, wherein the breakdown diode has a breakdown voltage which is of the same order of magnitude as an insulation limit voltage of the photovoltaic generator. 5. The circuit arrangement as claimed in claim 1, wherein the at least one second resistance has a resistance value of more than 1 kOhm. 6. The circuit arrangement as claimed in claim 1, wherein the resistance value of the at least one second resistance is less than the resistance value of the at least one first resistance. 7. The circuit arrangement as claimed in claim 6, wherein the resistance value of the at least one second resistance is many times less than the resistance value of the at least one first resistance. 8. A circuit arrangement for setting a potential of a photovoltaic generator with respect to a ground potential (GND), comprising: at least one first resistance connected between a positive output of the photovoltaic generator and a ground connection; and a series circuit comprising at least one second resistance and a breakdown diode connected in series between a negative output of the photovoltaic generator and the ground connection to which the ground potential (GND) is applied. 9. The circuit arrangement as claimed in claim 8, wherein the breakdown diode is a zener diode, an avalanche diode or a suppressor diode. 10. The circuit arrangement as claimed in claim 8, wherein the breakdown diode comprises a series circuit of a plurality of zener diodes, avalanche diodes or suppressor diodes. 11. The circuit arrangement as claimed in claim 8, wherein the breakdown diode has a breakdown voltage which is of the same order of magnitude as an insulation limit voltage of the photovoltaic generator. 12. The circuit arrangement as claimed in claim 8, wherein the at least one second resistance has a resistance value of more than 1 kOhm. 13. The circuit arrangement as claimed in claim 8, wherein the resistance value of the at least one second resistance is less than the resistance value of the at least one first resistance. 14. The circuit arrangement as claimed in claim 13, wherein the resistance value of the at least one second resistance is many times less than the resistance value of the at least one first resistance. 15. A photovoltaic installation having at least one photovoltaic generator and at least one inverter, wherein the photovoltaic installation has a circuit arrangement for setting a potential of a photovoltaic generator with respect to a ground potential (GND), comprising: at least one first resistance connected between a negative output of the photovoltaic generator and a ground connection; and a series circuit comprising at least one second resistance and a breakdown diode connected in series between a positive output of the photovoltaic generator and the ground connection to which the ground potential (GND) is applied, or the circuit arrangement comprising: at least one first resistance connected between a positive output of the photovoltaic generator and a ground connection; and a series circuit comprising at least one second resistance and a breakdown diode connected in series between a negative output of the photovoltaic generator and the ground connection to which the ground potential (GND) is applied. 16. The photovoltaic installation as claimed in claim 15, having at least two photovoltaic generators and a respective circuit arrangement for each of the at least two photovoltaic generators. 17. The photovoltaic installation as claimed in claim 15, further comprising at least one insulation measurement device configured to determine an insulation resistance of the inverter, of the photovoltaic generator or of direct-current lines, via which the photovoltaic generator is connected to the inverter. 