Wind turbines and energy capturing assemblies for capturing fluid energy are provided. The wind turbines includes a plurality of helical air foil blades mounted for rotation about an axis, and a cylindrical airfoil mounted along the axis and shaped to direct a flow of fluid, such as, air or water, toward the plurality of helical airfoil blades. Incorporating photovoltaic devices within the turbines can enhance the energy capturing capacity of some turbines. The energy capturing assemblies include a plurality of airfoil blades mounted for rotation about an axis, a structure having an outer surface shaped to direct a flow of fluid toward the plurality of airfoil blades; and an electrical generator operatively connected to the plurality of airfoil blades. The structure may be a building, a residence, a tower, a tank, or a vessel. Methods and devices for capturing fluid energy are also included.
Claims 1. A wind turbine comprising: a plurality of helical air foil blades mounted for rotation about an axis; and a cylindrical airfoil mounted along the axis and shaped to direct a flow of air toward the plurality of helical airfoil blades. 2. The wind turbine as recited in claim 1, wherein at least one of the plurality of helical air foil blades and the cylindrical airfoil is adapted to drive an electrical generator. 3. The wind turbine as recited in claim 1, wherein the plurality of helical airfoil blades comprises three spaced helical blades. 4. The wind turbine as recited in claim 1, wherein the axis is oriented one of horizontally and vertically. 5. The wind turbine as recited in claim 1, wherein the cylindrical airfoil includes a plurality of photovoltaic devices. 6. The wind turbine as recited in claim 5, wherein the cylindrical airfoil further includes a plurality of reflective surfaces adapted to reflect sunlight onto the plurality of photovoltaic devices. 7. The wind turbine as recited in claim 1, wherein the wind turbine further comprises a means for directing wind to provide the flow of air. 8. The wind turbine as recited in claim 7, wherein the means for directing the wind comprises a surface positioned to capture and direct the wind toward the cylindrical airfoil. 9. The wind turbine as recited in claim 8, wherein the surface comprises a surface of a structure. 10. The wind turbine as recited in claim 9, wherein the surface of a structure comprises a roof. 11. A method for capturing wind energy comprising: mounting a plurality of helical airfoil blades for rotation about an axis; positioning a cylindrical airfoil along the axis; and allowing a surface of the cylindrical airfoil to direct a flow of air toward the plurality of helical airfoil blades to at least partially assist in rotating the plurality of helical airfoil blades. 12. The method as recited in claim 11, wherein the method further comprises driving an electric generator by a means of one of the plurality of helical airfoil blades to generate electric power. 13. The method as recited in claim 11, wherein positioning the cylindrical airfoil along the axis comprises rotatably mounting the cylindrical airfoil along the axis. 14. The method as recited in claim 13, wherein the method further comprises driving an electric generator by a means of the rotatably mounted cylindrical airfoil to generate electric power. 15. The method as recited in claim 11, wherein the axis comprises one of a horizontal axis and a vertical axis. 16. The method as recited in claim 11, wherein the method further comprises capturing solar energy with a plurality of photovoltaic devices positioned on the cylindrical airfoil. 17. The method as recited in claim 16, wherein the method further comprises reflecting sunlight onto the plurality of photovoltaic devices. 18. The method as recited in claim 11, wherein the method further comprises directing wind toward the cylindrical airfoil. 19. The method as recited in claim 18, wherein directing the wind comprises positioning a surface adapted to capture and direct the wind toward the cylindrical airfoil. 20. The method as recited in claim 19, wherein positioning the surface to capture and direct the wind toward the cylindrical airfoil comprises mounting the cylindrical airfoil adjacent a roof of a structure, wherein the roof comprises the surface adapted to capture an direct the wind. 21-58. (canceled) 