A photovoltaic mounting apparatus includes a mounting frame coupled to a pile capable of being anchored in numerous terrain and slope conditions, universal clamping for mounting any type of solar panel thereto, and components enabling customized angles of inclination of photovoltaic modules mounted onto the frame. Optimized testing and preparation for installation are part of a process ensuring that design of materials and installation of a photovoltaic mounting apparatus is customizable to reduce time and expense in a method of installation.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic mounting apparatus, comprising: a plurality of purlins, each purlin coupled to a plurality of transverse beams with one or more connective elements to form a fixed-axis mounting frame, and at least one inclination assembly connecting each transverse beam in the plurality of transverse beams of the fixed-axis mounting frame to a pile, each at least one inclination assembly including a bracing element connecting the pile to each transverse beam at a first connection point on the transverse beam, and an inclination element connecting the bracing element to the transverse beam at a second point on the transverse beam, each inclination element having a plurality of apertures for connecting to the second connection point on the transverse beam to form an adjustable angle of inclination of the fixed-axis mounting frame relative to the pile, each pile configured to anchor the fixed-axis mounting frame to terrain as determined by one or more environmental conditions; and a plurality of intermediate clamps each removably and adjustably disposed at any point along a purlin to secure photovoltaic modules together, and a plurality of end clamps each removably and adjustably disposed near ends of a purlin to secure a photovoltaic module in place on the fixed-axis mounting relative to an intermediate clamp, each of the intermediate clamps and each of the end clamps having an aperture through which a screwing mechanism firmly connects each clamp to a hook slidably disposable along an edge of a purlin with tension applied between the hook and the clamp, so that each hook, clamp, and screwing mechanism form a clamping assembly that is removably positionable at a desired point on a purlin and firmly couples to the purlin to allow photovoltaic modules to be slidably and securely mounted onto the fixed-axis mounting frame and to allow one or more electrical cables to be positioned along an inner surface of each purlin to be free of interference from weather elements. 2. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein the one or more environmental conditions include weather conditions, a slope of terrain, and geotechnical characteristics of soil, the geotechnical characteristics of soil determined by a plurality of tests that include a ramming test, a geotechnical analysis, a soil pH test, and a study of land topography. 3. The mounting apparatus of claim 2, wherein the pile is a steel beam rammed into the terrain to a calculated depth, and one or more forces acting upon the pile at the calculated depth changes a shape of an end of the pile to firmly anchor the pile to the terrain. 4. The mounting apparatus of claim 2, wherein the pile is a hole drilled into the terrain with a steel beam inserted into the hole and an area between the steel beam and the hole filled with a material to firmly support the steel beam in the hole. 5. The mounting apparatus of claim 2, wherein the pile is a concrete foundation. 6. The mounting apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a plurality of piles each having an inclination assembly coupling the pile to the fixed-axis mounting frame at the adjustable angle of inclination. 7. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, where each photovoltaic module is slidably mounted on the fixed-axis mounting frame in a portrait configuration. 8. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein each clamping assembly is pre-fabricated to mount on any purlin of the fixed-axis mounting frame, and configured so that the screwing mechanism is maneuverable to turn each intermediate clamp to secure multiple photovoltaic modules mounted either in a portrait configuration or a landscape configuration, and to turn each end clamp to secure a photovoltaic modules either at a left or right side of the fixed-axis mounting frame or at a top or a bottom of the fixed-axis mounting frame. 9. A method of installing a photovoltaic mounting system, comprising: anchoring a pile with an appropriate foundation optimally determined by analyzing environmental conditions and the geotechnical characteristics of soil determined by a plurality of tests that include a ramming test, a geotechnical analysis, a soil pH test, and a study of land topography, so that the appropriate foundation provides an optimum support for a fixed-axis mounting frame coupled to the pile; fastening the fixed-axis mounting frame to each pile at a desired angle of inclination determined by at least one of customer requirements and environmental conditions, the angle of inclination arranged with an inclination assembly that couples transverse beams of the fixed-axis mounting frame to the pile, the inclination assembly including a bracing element coupling to a first connection point on each transverse beam and an inclination element coupling to a second connection point on each transverse beam, the inclination element having a plurality of apertures through which the inclination element is adjustably coupleable to each transverse beam to form the desired angle of inclination relative to the pile; positioning a plurality of pre-fabricated clamping assemblies onto purlins coupled to the fixed-axis mounting frame and removably securing each pre-fabricated clamping assembly to the purlins with a screwing mechanism so that tension applied between a hook and a clamp of each pre-fabricated clamping assembly slidably positions each pre-fabricated clamping assembly at a desired point on a purlin and firmly couples to a purlin, leaving an inner surface of each purlin; and mounting one or more photovoltaic modules onto the purlins by slidably positioning each photovoltaic module onto the fixed-axis mounting frame between at least two of the pre-fabricated clamping assemblies, the plurality of pre-fabricated clamping assemblies including intermediate clamps configured to secure two photovoltaic panels together and end clamps configured to position panels between an end clamp and an intermediate clamp and near an edge of a purlin. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising determining a customer photovoltaic module specifications, conducting a geological study of the proposed installation site, preparing a site testing schedule, and conducting a ramming test and a drilling test. 11. The method of claim 9, wherein the anchoring at least one pile further comprises anchoring a plurality of piles with the appropriate foundation. 12. The method of claim 9, further comprising ramming a steel beam into the terrain to a calculated depth so that one or more forces acting upon the steel beam at the calculated depth changes a shape of an end of the steel beam to firmly anchor the pile to the terrain. 13. The method of claim 9, further comprising drilling a hole into the terrain, inserting a steel beam into the hole, and filling an area between the steel beam and the hole with a material to firmly support the steel beam in the hole. 14. The method of claim 9, wherein the appropriate foundation is a concrete foundation. 15. The method of claim 9, wherein the mounting one or more photovoltaic modules onto the purlins further comprises mounting one or more photovoltaic modules on the fixed-axis mounting frame in a portrait configuration. 16. A customizable photovoltaic mounting system, comprising: an inclination assembly coupling a transverse beam of a fixed-axis mounting frame to a support end of a pile at an angle adjustable according to at least one of customer and environmental requirements; and a plurality of pre-fabricated clamping assemblies each having a hook portion slidably disposable along a ridged portion of a purlin and a clamp portion secured to the hook portion with a screwing mechanism so that one or more photovoltaic modules are securely positionable in a plurality of configurations according to the at least one of customer and environmental requirements on the fixed-axis mounting frame by a force exerted on the purlin between the hook and the clamping portion that permits each pre-fabricated clamping assembly to be adjusted and positioned, and a number of the pre-fabricated clamping assemblies used to be determined, according to the at least one of customer and environmental requirements, the purlin having an inner surface capable of housing a cable providing electrical connectivity to the one or more photovoltaic modules in a position protecting the cable from interference. 17. The system of claim 16, further comprising a plurality of transverse beams each coupled to a plurality of purlins, at least one pile in a plurality of piles, and at least one inclination assembly in a plurality of inclination assemblies, each pile coupled to a transverse beam by an inclination assembly to form a scalable photovoltaic mounting system capable of a size to be determined by the at least one of customer and environmental requirements. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein the pile further comprises a foundation end configured to anchor to terrain and rammed into the terrain to a calculated depth where one or more forces acting upon the foundation at the calculated depth changes a shape of the foundation end to firmly anchor the pile to the terrain. 19. The system of claim 16, wherein the pile further comprises a foundation end configured to anchor to terrain in a hole drilled into the terrain, the foundation end being inserted into the hole and an area between the foundation end and the hole filled with concrete. 20. The system of claim 16, wherein the pile further comprises a foundation end configured to anchor to terrain in concrete. 