A component including a rechargeable battery and a method of producing such a component are disclosed. The component uses one of an acid and an alkaline chemistry and the battery has an anode structure, a cathode structure, and a separator structure which separates the anode from the cathode and contains an electrolyte. The anode structure and the cathode structure are each formed from a composite material which includes electrically conductive fibres and electrochemically active material in a binder matrix and the battery is formed to be structurally inseparable from the rest of the component.
Claims 1. A component comprising: a rechargeable battery having one of an alkaline and acid based chemistry, the battery having an anode structure, a cathode structure and a separator structure which separates the anode structure from the cathode structure and contains an electrolyte in which the anode structure and the cathode structure are each formed from a composite material which includes electrically conductive fibres and electrochemically active material in a binder matrix and wherein the battery is structurally inseparable from the rest of the component. 2. A component according to claim 1, in which the separator structure is formed from a composite material which includes electrically insulating fibres in a binder matrix. 3. A component according to claim 1, comprising: a battery using an aqueous liquid or gel electrolyte. 4. A component according to claim 1, comprising: a nickel-zinc rechargeable battery. 5. A component according to claim 1, comprising: a nickel-iron, nickel-cadmium, nickel metal hydride or silver-zinc rechargeable battery. 6. A component according to claim 1, comprising: a lead acid battery. 7. A component according to claim 1, in which one or more of the anode structure, the cathode structure and the separator structure contains a porous additive which increases access of the electrolyte into said structure. 8. A component according to claim 7, in which the porous additive is one or more of a silica, a silica gel or carbon powder. 9. A component according to claim 1 in which at least one of the anode structure and the cathode structure comprises: an electrically conductive additive. 10. A component according to claim 9, in which the electrically conductive additive is carbon powder. 11. A component according to claim 1, in which the electrolyte is a solid polymer electrolyte. 12. A component according to claim 1, in which the electrically conductive fibres of the anode and cathode structures are carbon or metal fibres. 13. A component according to claim 1, in which the electrically conductive fibres of the anode and cathode structures include fibres having a conductive coating. 14. A component according to claim 13, in which the fibres having a conductive coating include carbon fibres and/or electrically insulating fibres. 15. A component according to claim 13, in which the fibres having a conductive coating are metallised fibres. 16. A component according to claim 1, in which the electrically conductive fibres of the anode and cathode structures are formed as a woven fabric. 17. A component according to claim 1, in which the electrically conductive fibres of the anode and cathode electrode structures are formed as a non woven fabric. 18. A component according to claim 1, in which at least one of the anode structure, the cathode structure and the separator structure is formed from a composite material which includes an electrically insulating polymer, ceramic or glass based binder matrix formed of polymer, ceramic or glass. 19. A component according to claim 18, in which the electrically insulating binder matrix is an epoxy resin. 20. A component according to claim 18, in which the electrically insulating binder matrix is an elastomer. 21. A component according to claim 18, in which the electrically insulating binder matrix is an open cell foam. 22. A component according to claim 1, in which at least one of the anode structure, the cathode structure and the separator structure is formed from a composite material which includes a solid polymer electrolyte binder matrix. 23. A component according to claim 1, in combination with an aircraft wing skin. 24. A component according to claim 23, in which the wing skin includes a solar cell connected to the rechargeable battery. 25. A component according to claim 23, in combination with aircraft structural health monitoring equipment in which the rechargeable battery provides power to operate the structural health monitoring equipment. 26. A component according to claim 1, in combination with vehicle internal panelling. 27. A component according to claim 26, comprising: a spall liner for a vehicle. 28. A component according to claim 26, comprising: a vehicle instrument panel. 29. A component according to claim 1, comprising: mounting means for electronic equipment. 30. A method of manufacturing a component including, and being structurally inseparable from, a rechargeable battery having one of an acid and alkaline based chemistry, the rechargeable battery including an anode structure and a cathode structure having fibrous reinforcing material and plastics matrix material and a separator structure, the separator structure separating the anode from the cathode structure and being adapted to contain an electrolyte, the method comprising: laying up, on either side of the separator structure, a layup of plies of electrically conductive fibrous reinforcing material for the anode structure and the cathode structure; introducing a binder matrix into at least the anode and the cathode structures; and consolidating the layup of the cathode, anode and separator structure into a single composite component. 31. (canceled) 