A portable container includes a body having an exterior surface and defining an interior compartment, and a photovoltaic (PV) charging pack including a PV panel and a compartment for containing a portable electronic device. The PV charging pack is removably coupleable to the exterior surface, such that the PV panel is positioned to absorb light energy when the PV charging pack is coupled to the exterior surface.
Claims 1-8. (canceled) 9. A portable photovoltaic (PV) charging pack comprising: at least one PV panel; a compartment defined by the PV charging pack for containing a portable electronic device; a charging connector electrically coupled to the at least one PV panel; and a mounting device for removably coupling the PV charging pack to a receiving device. 10. The PV charging pack of claim 9, wherein the charging connector is a first charging connector, the PV charging pack further comprising: an energy storage device coupled to the charging connector; and a second charging connector electrically couplable to the energy storage device and a portable electronic device. 11. The PV charging pack of claim 10, wherein the energy storage device is disposable within the compartment. 12. The PV charging pack of claim 9, further comprising a voltage regulator configured to electrically couple the PV panel to the charging connector. 13. The PV charging pack of claim 9, wherein the PV panel is coupled to a first surface of the PV charging pack and the compartment is defined on a second surface of the PV charging pack. 14. The PV charging pack of claim 13, further comprising a panel coupled to the PV charging pack to define the compartment on the second surface, the panel further defining an opening to receive the portable electronic device. 15. The PV charging pack of claim 9, wherein the at least one PV panel is a first PV panel, the PV charging pack further comprising: a first structural panel having a first interior surface and a first exterior surface, the first exterior surface comprising the first PV panel; and a second structural panel, opposite the first structural panel, having a second interior surface and a second exterior surface, the second exterior surface comprising a second PV panel, wherein the first interior surface faces the second interior surface. 16. The PV charging pack of claim 15, wherein the compartment is defined between the first interior surface and the second interior surface. 17. The PV charging pack of claim 16, further comprising a hanging device. 18. The PV charging pack of claim 9, wherein the mounting device is a first mounting device for removably coupling the PV charging pack to a receiving device of a carrying device, the PV charging pack further comprising a second mounting device for removably coupling the PV charging pack to a surface, the second mounting device comprising one or more of the following: a magnet, a suction cup, and a hook-and-loop fastener. 19. The PV charging pack of claim 9, further comprising an armband. 20. The PV charging pack of claim 9, wherein the mounting device comprises a device for removably coupling the PV charging pack to an article of clothing or a clothing accessory. 21. A portable container comprising: a body having an exterior surface and defining an interior compartment therein; and a photovoltaic (PV) charging pack comprising a PV panel, and a compartment configured to contain a portable electronic device, said PV charging pack removably coupleable to the exterior surface, such that the PV panel is positioned to absorb light energy when the PV charging pack is coupled to the exterior surface. 22. The portable container of claim 21, wherein the PV charging pack further comprises a concealing flap for covering the PV panel. 23. The portable container of claim 21, wherein the PV charging pack further comprises an armband. 24. The portable container of claim 21, wherein the PV charging pack further comprises an energy storage device, and a charging connector configured to electrically couple the PV panel to the energy storage device. 25. The portable container of claim 21, wherein the PV charging pack further comprises a voltage regulator, and a charging connector configured to electrically couple the PV panel to the voltage regulator. 26. The portable container of claim 21, wherein the PV panel is positioned on a first surface of the PV charging pack, and the compartment is positioned on a second surface of the PV charging pack. 27. The portable container of claim 21, wherein the PV charging pack further comprises a hanging device. 28. The portable container of claim 21, wherein the PV charging pack further comprises a mounting device configured to removably couple the PV charging pack to an article of clothing or a clothing accessory. 