A system for communicating data. In one embodiment, the system comprises a photovoltaic (PV) module; an inverter, coupled to the PV module, for receiving DC power from the PV module and converting the DC power to AC power; and an inverter controller communicably coupled to the inverter, wherein the inverter and the inverter controller communicate using power line communications (PLC).
Claims 1. A system for communicating data, comprising: a photovoltaic (PV) module; an inverter, coupled to the PV module, for receiving DC power from the PV module and converting the DC power to AC power; and an inverter controller communicably coupled to the inverter, wherein the inverter and the inverter controller communicate using power line communications (PLC). 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the inverter couples the AC power to an AC power line, and the inverter and the inverter controller communicate using the PLC via the AC power line. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the inverter transmits data to the inverter controller via the AC power line. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the data is digital data. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the inverter digitally processes the data through a voltage amplification stage and generates an analog waveform for transmitting the data via the AC power line. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the analog waveform has a frequency between 50-500 KHz. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the frequency is substantially between 95-148 KHz. 8. The system of claim 5, wherein the analog waveform has a maximum voltage on the order of 1 volt root mean square. 9. The system of claim 5, wherein the inverter controller receives the analog waveform and converts the analog waveform to digital output data. 10. The system of claim 2, wherein the inverter is adapted for simultaneously receiving and transmitting data via the AC power line. 11. The system of claim 3, wherein a transmitter of the inverter presents an impedance substantially between 1-5 ohms to the AC power line when transmitting. 12. The system of claim 2, wherein the inverter controller transmits data comprising control signals to the inverter via the AC power line. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the data is digital data. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the inverter controller digitally processes the data through a voltage amplification stage and generates an analog waveform for transmitting the data via the AC power line. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the analog waveform has a frequency between 50-500 KHz. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the frequency is substantially between 95-148 KHz. 17. The system of claim 14, wherein the analog waveform has a maximum voltage on the order of 1 volt root mean square. 18. The system of claim 14, wherein the inverter receives the analog waveform and converts the analog waveform to digital output data. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the digital output data controls operation of the inverter. 20. The system of claim 2, wherein inverter controller is adapted for simultaneously receiving and transmitting data via the AC power line. 