A target lighting apparatus having a tray seating one or more light bulbs connected to a deflector, which is attached to one or more shock-absorbing arms, such that the deflector blocks the tray from any projectiles and the shock-absorbing arms absorb the impact of projectiles that come in contact with the deflector. In some embodiments, the tray, the one or more light bulbs, the deflector and the one or more shock-absorbing arms form a second frame which is adjustably connected to a base frame such that the second frame can slide from the back of the base frame to the front of the base frame and can rotate about an axis along the front of the base frame from a closed position to an open position. The one or more light bulbs are powered by a battery pack. The battery pack may be solar charged by solar panels.
Claims 1. A target lighting apparatus comprising: a base frame; a second frame comprising: a tray; one or more light bulbs, wherein said one or more light bulbs are seated in said tray; and a deflector, wherein said deflector is rotatably attached to said tray to protect said one or more light bulbs from projectiles; wherein said second frame is adjustably connected on a first side to said base frame and adjustably connected on a second side to said tray; and wherein said apparatus is configured to illuminate the target. 2. The target lighting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said second frame further comprises one or more shock-absorbing arms connected to said deflector such that said shock-absorbing arms absorb the impact of the projectiles. 3. The target lighting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said deflector is configured to deflect the projectiles away from a user. 4. The target lighting apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a locking system configured to lock said second frame in one or more positions relative to said base frame. 5. The target lighting apparatus of claim 1, further comprising one or more pin lights seated in said tray. 6. The target lighting apparatus of claim 5, wherein at least one of said one or more pin lights is a laser. 7. The target lighting apparatus of claim 1, further comprising one or more cameras seated in said tray. 8. The target lighting apparatus of claim 7, wherein said camera is capable of transmitting live video. 9. The target lighting apparatus of claim 1, further comprising one or more counterweights rotatably attached to said second frame such that said apparatus is balanced and stable. 10. The target lighting apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a battery pack to power one or more components of said apparatus. 11. The target lighting apparatus of claim 10, further comprising one or more solar panels to charge said battery pack. 12. The target lighting apparatus of claim 10, further comprising a counterweight rotatably attached to said second frame such that said apparatus is balanced and stable, wherein said battery pack is attached to said counterweight. 13. The target lighting apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a transmitter and a receiver, wherein said transmitter and receiver are configured to facilitate remote control of at least one component of said apparatus. 14. The target lighting apparatus of claim 13, wherein the remote control is performed via a smart phone. 15. The target lighting apparatus of claim 1, further comprising one or more mounts, wherein said mounts are attached to said base frame. 16. The target lighting apparatus of claim 15, wherein said one or more mounts comprise at least one of clips, hooks, and/or clamps. 17. The target lighting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said base frame is adjustable to allow for secure mounting on surfaces of various sizes. 18. The target lighting apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a locking system configured to lock said tray in one or more positions. 19. The target lighting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said apparatus can be configured to illuminate different types of targets from different angles by adjusting the second frame relative to the base frame, and the tray relative to the second frame. 20. The target lighting apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a locking system configured to lock said tray in one or more positions. 21. A target lighting apparatus comprising: a base frame, wherein said base frame is spring-tension adjustable; a second frame comprising: a tray; a plurality of light bulbs, wherein said plurality of light bulbs are seated in said tray; a pin light capable of creating one or more target points, wherein said pin light is seated in said tray; a camera capable of transmitting live video, wherein said camera is seated in said tray; and a deflector, wherein said deflector is rotatably attached to said tray to deflect projectiles away from said plurality of light bulbs, said pin light, said camera and a user; and one or more shock-absorbing arms, wherein said shock-absorbing arms are connected to said deflector such that said shock-absorbing arms absorb the impact of the projectiles; a first locking system configured to lock said second frame in one or more positions relative to said base frame; a second locking system configured to lock said tray and said deflector in one or more positions relative to said second frame; a counterweight rotataby attached to said second frame such that said apparatus is balanced and stable in various positions; a battery pack to power at least said plurality of light bulbs, said pin light and said camera, wherein said battery pack is attached to said counterweight; a transmitter and receiver configured to facilitate remote control of at least one component of said apparatus; and a plurality of mounts attached to said base frame such that said spring-tension adjustable base frame and the plurality of mounts can be configured to mount a variety of surfaces; wherein said apparatus can be configured to illuminate the target from above or below the target. 