Embodiments of the invention provide systems, devices, and methods for mounting a photovoltaic module to a structure, such as a roof. An embodiment of a method for mounting a photovoltaic module to a structure may include providing a photovoltaic module, a first mounting device, and a second mounting device. The first mounting device and the second mounting device may be coupled with the structure, such as a roofing membrane, so that opposing mounting channels of the respective devices face one another. The method may further include inserting a first edge of the photovoltaic module within the mounting channel of the first mounting device and inserting a second edge of the photovoltaic module within the mounting channel of the second mounting device so that the photovoltaic module is disposed between the first mounting device and the second mounting device.
Claims 1. A method for attaching a photovoltaic module to a structure comprising: providing a photovoltaic module; providing a first mounting device having a longitudinal length and a transverse length and including: a top surface; a bottom surface; a first longitudinal edge; a second longitudinal edge opposite the first longitudinal edge; and a mounting channel extending along at least a portion of the first longitudinal edge; coupling the first mounting device with the structure; and inserting a first edge of the photovoltaic module within the mounting channel of the first mounting device. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the structure comprises a roof and wherein coupling the first mounting device with the structure comprises coupling the first mounting device with a roofing membrane. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising: providing a second mounting device configured similar to the first mounting device; coupling the second mounting device with the structure so that a mounting channel of the second mounting device faces the mounting channel of the first mounting device; and inserting a second edge of the photovoltaic module within the mounting channel of the second mounting device so that the photovoltaic module is disposed between the first mounting device and the second mounting device. 4. The method of claim 2, further comprising coupling the roofing membrane to the roof or coupling the roofing membrane to a second roofing membrane of the roof. 5. The method of claim 3, wherein inserting the first edge within the mounting channel of the first mounting device and inserting the second edge within the mounting channel of the second mounting device comprises sliding the photovoltaic module longitudinally with respect to the first and second mounting devices so that the first and second edges slide within respective mounting channels. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the first edge is inserted within the mounting channel of the first mounting device such that a gap exists between the first edge and a rear surface of the mounting channel, the gap allowing sliding expansion of the photovoltaic module within the mounting channel. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the first mounting device further comprises a second mounting channel extending along at least a portion of the second longitudinal edge, and wherein the method further comprises: providing a second photovoltaic module; and inserting a first edge of the second photovoltaic module within the second mounting channel of the first mounting device so that the first mounting device is disposed between the respective photovoltaic modules. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the first mounting device further comprises a recessed channel extending along at least a portion of the top surface, the recessed channel being disposed between the mounting channel and the second mounting channel, and wherein the method further comprises folding the first mounting device along the recessed channel. 9. The method of claim 2, wherein coupling the first mounting device with the roofing membrane comprises heat welding the first mounting device to the roofing membrane. 10. The method of claim 2, wherein coupling the first mounting device with the roofing membrane comprises adhesively bonding the first mounting device to the roofing membrane. 11. The method of claim 3, further comprising folding or rolling the first mounting device, the photovoltaic module, and the second mounting device so as to form a rolled or folded photovoltaic blanket. 12. A system for attaching a photovoltaic module to a structure comprising: a photovoltaic module; a first mounting device having a longitudinal length and a transverse length, the first mounting device being coupled with the structure and including: a top surface; a bottom surface; a first longitudinal edge; a second longitudinal edge opposite the first longitudinal edge; and a mounting channel extending along at least a portion of the first longitudinal edge, wherein a first edge of the photovoltaic module is inserted within the mounting channel; and a second mounting device configured similar to the first mounting device; the second mounting device being coupled with the structure so that a mounting channel of the second mounting device faces the mounting channel of the first mounting device, wherein a second edge of the photovoltaic module opposite the first edge is inserted within the mounting channel of the second mounting device so that the photovoltaic module is disposed between the first mounting device and the second mounting device. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the first mounting device further comprises a second mounting channel extending along at least a portion of the second longitudinal edge, wherein a first edge of a second photovoltaic device is inserted within the second mounting channel so that the first mounting device is disposed between two photovoltaic modules. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the first mounting device further comprises a recessed channel extending along at least a portion of the top surface, the recessed channel being disposed between the first mounting channel and the second mounting channel. 15. The system of claim 12, wherein the photovoltaic module is attached to the structure such that at least a portion of the photovoltaic module is supported above the structure's surface to allow air flow or water drainage under the photovoltaic module. 16. The system of claim 12, wherein the first edge of the photovoltaic module is inserted within the mounting channel of the first mounting device so as to allow the photovoltaic module to slidingly expand or contract within the mounting channel. 17. The system of claim 12, wherein either or both the mounting channel of the first mounting device or the mounting channel of the second mounting device comprise a plurality of teeth configured to grip the photovoltaic module to releasably secure the photovoltaic module within the channel. 18. A device for attaching a photovoltaic module to a structure comprising: a device body having a longitudinal length and a transverse length, the device body being couplable with the structure and including: a top surface; a bottom surface; a first longitudinal edge; a second longitudinal edge opposite the first longitudinal edge; and a first channel extending along at least a portion of the first longitudinal edge, the first channel being configured so that an edge of the photovoltaic module is insertable therein to attach the photovoltaic module to the structure. 19. The device of claim 18, further comprising a flange extending from the device body along at least a portion of the second longitudinal edge. 20. The device of claim 18, further comprising a second channel extending along at least a portion of the second longitudinal edge of the device body, the second channel being configured so that an edge of a second photovoltaic module is insertable therein to attach the second photovoltaic module to the structure. 21. The device of claim 20, further comprising a third channel extending along at least a portion of the top surface, the third channel being disposed between the first channel and the second channel. 22. The device of claim 21, wherein the device body is foldable along the third channel. 23. The device of claim 18, further comprising a plurality of teeth disposed within the first channel, the plurality of teeth being configured to grip at least one surface of the photovoltaic module to releasably secure the photovoltaic module within the channel. 24. The device of claim 18, wherein at least a portion of the photovoltaic module is supported above the structure's surface when inserted within the device body. 