A method is provided of fabricating a photo voltaic generator panel (15) including a polymer back sheet (24) with at least one attachment feature (21) so as to provide means of attaching the panel to a structural support (25) upon subsequent installation. At least one polymer attachment feature (21) is applied to the outer side of the polymer back sheet of the panel during the manufacturing process for the panel whereby the attachment feature projects with respect to the back sheet. The application may be in conjunction with a lamination process, or subsequent to the lamination process, or as an integral part of the back sheet manufacturing process. The attachment feature is adapted to engage with a corresponding feature (26) or features to be found on a support structure (25) located at a site for the installation of the panel. The said at least one polymer attachment feature and said outer side of the polymer back sheet have a similar thermal expansion coefficient.
Claims 1. A method of fabricating a photo voltaic generator panel (15) including a glass superstrate and a polymer back sheet (24) with at least one attachment feature (21), so as to provide means of attaching the panel to a structural support (25) upon subsequent installation, the method comprising: applying (202) at least one polymer attachment feature (21) to the outer side of the polymer back sheet (24) of the panel during the manufacturing process for that panel such that the attachment feature projects with respect to the back sheet, the application being in conjunction with a lamination process, or subsequent to the lamination process, or as an integral part of the back sheet manufacturing process; the configuration of the attachment feature being such as to engage with a corresponding at least one feature (26) to be found on site for the installation of the panel, wherein the said at least one polymer attachment feature and said outer side of the polymer back sheet have a similar thermal expansion coefficient. 2. A method according to claim 1, where the attachment feature comprises at least two polymer strips or pads which are bonded to the back sheet of a panel. 3. A method according to claim 2, where the polymer strips or pads are bonded by adhesive joining methods. 4. A method according to claim 2, where the polymer strips or pads are joined by welding. 5. A method according to claim 2, where the strips or pads on the back of the same panel have similar attachment features. 6. A method according to claim 2, where the strips or pads on the back of the same panel have different attachment features, whereby one strip or pad may engage with one corresponding feature on the support structure and another strip or pad may engage with another corresponding feature on the support structure. 7. A method according to claim 1, where the attachment features comprise at least two strips or pads which are molded or formed integrally in conjunction with fabrication of the back sheet. 8. A method according to claim 1 wherein the said at least one attachment feature of the panel is adapted to be detachably engaged with the said feature on site so as to allow the panel to be removably attached on site. 9. A method according to claim 1, wherein the step of applying the attachment feature to the outer side of the polymer back sheet is performed using a laser, wherein at least part of the attachment feature or back sheet is transparent to the said laser, wherein a laser-absorbing material is illuminated with the laser through the said transparent part so as to produce a laser weld between the attachment feature and the back sheet. 10. A method according to claim 9, wherein the laser weld is applied as a linear process travelling along an elongate length of the attachment feature. 11. A method according to claim 9, wherein the laser is simultaneously directed towards two spatially separated transparent parts of the attachment feature so as to form two laser welds simultaneously. 12. A method according to claim 1, wherein the at least one polymer attachment feature and said outer side of the polymer back sheet have a substantially identical thermal expansion coefficient. 13. A method of installing a photo voltaic panel at an installation location, comprising: providing (204) a photo voltaic panel fabricated by a method according to claim 1; providing (206) a support structure at the installation location, the support structure comprising at least one feature for engagement with the at least one attachment feature of the panel; and engaging (210) the said at least one feature of the support structure with the said at least one attachment feature of the panel such that the photo voltaic panel is mounted to the support structure. 14. A photo voltaic generator panel (15) including a glass superstrate, photovoltaic cells and a polymer back sheet (24), in which there is on the outside of the back sheet at least one polymer attachment feature (21) manufactured with the panel, such feature projecting with respect to the back sheet and being configured to engage with at least one corresponding feature (26) incorporated in a support structure at site when the panel has been transported to that site, and wherein the said at least one polymer attachment feature and said outer side of the polymer back sheet have a similar thermal expansion coefficient. 15. A panel according to claim 14, where the height of the attachment feature above the back sheet is between 1 mm and 25 mm, preferably between 1 mm and 18 mm, more preferably between 1 mm and 13 mm and most preferably between 1 mm and 8 mm. 16. A panel as claimed in claim 14, in which the attachment feature comprises a strip of polymer material bonded to the back sheet. 17. A panel as claimed in claim 14, in which at least one attachment feature comprises aligned reentrant grooves or protrusions defining such grooves, whereby the panel may be attached on site to mounting counterparts incorporated in a support structure at that site. 18. A panel as claimed in claim 14, which has provisions which enable the generator panel to be attached to a support structure which is equipped with mounting members. 19. A panel as claimed in claim 14, wherein the at least one attachment feature enables the panel to be attached to a support structure which is provided with reentrant grooves or protrusions. 20. A panel as claimed in claim 14, wherein the attachment feature does not extend beyond the edge of the back sheet or does not extend more than 10 millimetres beyond the edge of the back sheet. 21. A panel as claimed in claim 14, where the at least one attachment features is formed as an elongate strip and the strip extends slightly beyond the length of the panel, thus providing a gap between adjacent panels when installed. 22. A panel as claimed in claim 14, wherein the at least one attachment feature is contained fully within a geometrical envelope defined by the edges of the back sheet. 23. A panel as claimed in claim 14, wherein the attachment feature has at least one part transparent to IR laser radiation. 24. A panel as claimed in claim 23, wherein the at least one transparent part is a flange for attachment to the back sheet. 25. A panel as claimed in claim 14, further comprising a laser absorbing layer on one or each of the back sheet and attachment feature in a location which is to form part of a joint between the back sheet and the attachment feature. 26. A panel as claimed in claim 14 wherein the attachment feature is laser welded to the back sheet. 27. A panel as claimed in claim 23, wherein the attachment feature is formed as an elongate strip and the at least one transparent part comprises two opposing elongate lengths of said elongate strip. 28. A panel as claimed in claim 14, wherein the said at least one polymer attachment feature and said outer side of the polymer back sheet have a substantially identical thermal expansion coefficient. 29. A photo voltaic generator panel installation system comprising:-- a photo voltaic generator panel (15) according to claim 14; and a support structure (25) for a photo voltaic generator panel (15), the panel having a glass superstrate, photovoltaic cells and a polymer back sheet (24) in which there is on the outside of the back sheet at least one polymer attachment feature (21) manufactured with the panel and which projects with respect to the back sheet, wherein the support structure comprises at least one feature (26) for engagement with the at least one attachment feature. 30. A system as claimed in claim 29, in which the support structure is a ground mounted metal structure, a concrete structure, a roof or facade of a building, or a solar tracking structure, or other means for supporting photo voltaic generators. 31. A system as claimed in claim 29, in which the feature of the support structure is an integral part of a roofing element such as corrugated metal plates, ceramic roofing tiles, corrugated plastic plates, corrugated asphalt plates, asphalt shingles. 32. A system as claimed in claim 29, wherein the support structure is a part of a fixed ground mounted support structure, a solar tracking device or support structures for flat or tilted roofs or facades. 33. A system as claimed in claim 29, wherein the support structure comprises support members configured to engage with the attachment features of a photo voltaic generator panel as claimed in claim 14. 34. A photo voltaic generator panel installation system according to claim 29, wherein the support structure is adapted to provide the majority of the flexural rigidity of the system in comparison with the flexural rigidity of the photo voltaic generator panel. 35. A system as claimed in claim 29, further comprising an additional anti-theft protection, or features preventing unintentional sliding of the panel relative to the support structure, deformation of the support structure or the like by means such as split pins, screws, pins, padlocks, glue. 36. A system as claimed in claim 29, in which there are spacer elements attached to the panels or support structure to promote uniform spacing of the panels on the support structure. 