Provided is a wearable personal digital (WPD) flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device, a method for accessing game and multimedia data and performing communications using the WPD flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device, and a method for facilitating payments using a WPD flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device. The WPD flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device comprises a flexible display, a flexible power source, a processor, a memory unit, and a communication circuit. The processor is configured to communicate with a game and multimedia server and a communication server over a network to transfer game, multimedia and communication data, and transmit, upon a user's request, the game, multimedia and communication data to one or more external devices.
Claims 1. A wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device, the device comprising: a flexible display comprising: at least one displaying layer; at least one protective layer covering the at least one displaying layer; and a flexible layer disposed between the at least one displaying layer and the at least one protective layer; a flexible power source underlying the display; a processor configured to: communicate with a game and multimedia server and a communication server over a network to transfer and receive game, multimedia and communication data; transmit, on a user request, the game, multimedia and communication data to one or more external devices; a memory unit communicatively coupled to the processor; and a communication circuit communicatively coupled to the processor and configured to communicate with the network and the one or more external devices, a bearer worn under, with or on top of clothing for applications of sensory integration, behavioral modeling, mobile phones, smart phones, health care monitoring systems, electronics textiles, augmented reality, and pattern recognition. 2. The device of claim 1, the device further comprising a housing adapted to enclose the display, the power source, the processor, the memory unit, and the communication circuit. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible layer includes a silicone rubber. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein the protective layer includes glass. 5. The device of claim 4, wherein the glass includes flexible glass and flexible organic glass. 6. The device of claim 1, wherein the display includes a touchscreen display configured to enable user interaction with the device through touch. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein the displaying layer includes a light-emitting diode (LED) matrix or plastic display. 8. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible display further comprises an electronic paper display, wherein the electronic paper display displays the game, multimedia and communication data. 9. The device of claim 1, wherein the power source includes a paper battery. 10. The device of claim 9, wherein the paper battery includes one or more carbon nanotubes, an electrolyte, and a spacer disposed between the carbon nanotubes and the electrolyte, the spacer including cellulose, wherein the carbon nanotubes and the electrolyte are incorporated into the spacer. 11. The device of claim 1, wherein a thickness of the display is approximately 0.1 mm to 2.5 mm. 12. The device of claim 1, wherein a thickness of the power source is approximately 0.1 mm to 2.5 mm. 13. The device of claim 1, wherein a thickness of the device is approximately 0.2 mm to 5 mm. 14. The device of claim 1, wherein the communication circuit includes one or more of the following: a Bluetooth module, a communication port, including a universal serial bus (USB) port, a parallel port, an infrared transceiver port, and a radiofrequency transceiver port. 15. The device of claim 1, wherein the one or more external devices include a television set, a set-top box, a computer, a laptop, a smartphone, a wearable personal digital device, and a digital eyeglass device. 15. The device of claim 15, wherein the WPD connects to the one or more external devices using one or more of the following: a Bluetooth module, a communication port, including a universal serial bus (USB) port, a parallel port, an infrared transceiver port, and a radiofrequency transceiver port. 17. The device of claim 1, wherein the device is compatible with one or more of the following network standards: GSM, CDMA, LTE, IMS, Universal Mobile Telecommunication System (UMTS), RFID, WiFi, 4G, 5G, 6G and upper. 18. The device of claim 1, the device further comprising a sound generating unit. 19. The device of claim 1, wherein the processor is further configured to: generate, based on payment data, personal data, or other data, one or more barcodes encoding the payment data, the personal data, or the other data; provide, on a user request, one or more of the following: the one or more barcodes, the payment data, the personal data, or the other data. 20. The device of claim 1, the device further comprising a camera communicatively coupled to the processor, the camera being configured to scan a barcode, the scanning being processed by the processor to retrieve the barcode information and enable self-checkout. 21. The device of claim 20, wherein the barcode scanned by the camera includes a link to a web-resource, a payment request, advertising information, and other information. 22. The device of claim 20, wherein the one or more barcodes include a linear dimensional code, a two-dimensional code, a snap tag code, a QR code, and other machine readable code. 23. The device of claim 20, wherein the one or more barcodes encode one or more of the following: payment data, personal data, group of payment data, credit card data, debit card data, gift card data, prepaid card data, bank checking account data, digital cash data, and the other data. 24. The device of claim 1, further comprising an operating system executing on the processor, the operating system including Android, iOS, Firefox OS, and other operating systems. 25. The device of claim 1, the device further comprising a microphone configured to: sense voice data, the voice data including a voice command, a voice memo, and a voice message; and transmit the voice data to the processor. 26. The device of claim 1, the device further comprising a swipe card reader to read payment cards data. 27. The device of claim 1, wherein the device is configurable to fold over 180 degrees or to roll up into a scroll. 28. The device of claim 1, wherein the device is controlled by one or more external devices via an application running on the one or more external devices. 29. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible power source comprises one or more solar cells configured to charge the device. 30. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible power source charges using natural movement vibrations. 31. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible power source charges wirelessly using a wireless charger accessory. 32. The device of claim 1, further comprising one or more biometric sensors to sense biometric parameters of the user, the biometric parameters being stored to the memory and processed by the processor to receive historical biometric data. 33. The device of claim 32, wherein the one or more biometric sensors include sensors for measuring one or more of the following: a blood pressure, a pulse, a heart rate, a glucose level, a body temperature, an environment temperature, and arterial properties, the measuring shown on the display. 34. The device of claim 32, wherein access to the device is controlled by one or more of the following: a password, a Personal Identification Number (PIN) code, and biometric authorization, the biometric authorization including fingerprint scanning, palm scanning, face scanning, and retina scanning, wherein the scanning is performed using the one or more biometric sensors. 35. The device of claim 34, further comprising a fingerprint reader configured to scan a fingerprint, the scanned fingerprint being matched to one or more approved fingerprints, wherein the access to the device is granted based on the matching. 36. The device of claim 1, wherein the device synchronizes with the one or more external devices in real time, tracks a geographical location of the one or more external devices in real time, and provides communication capabilities using an embedded emergency button configured to give a medical alert signal, a request for help signal, or another informational signal. 37. The device of claim 1, further comprising one or more accelerometers to track activity of the user and to control game movements, wherein the activity of the user including calories burned, sleep quality, breaths per minute, snoring breaks, steps walked, and distance walked. 38. The device of claim 37, wherein the device controls snoring by sensing a position of the user using the one or more accelerometers. 39. The device of claim 1, wherein the processor is further configured to download applications, receive and send text, video, multimedia data. 40. The device of claim 1, the device further comprising: a GPS module configured to track geographical location of the device; an alert unit configured to alert the user about one or more events by one or more of the following: vibration and sound; one or more subscriber identification module (SIM) cards; one or more additional memory units; a physical interface configured to receive memory devices external to the device, wherein the physical interface includes a microSecureDigital (microSD) slot; a two-way radio transceiver for communication purposes; and an emergency button configured to send an alarm signal. 41. The device of claim 1, wherein the vibration and sound of the alert unit may be used by a guide tool and an exercise learning service. 42. The device of claim 1, wherein the device is configured to analyze one or more music records stored in the memory unit, communicate, over a network, with one or more music providers, and display data about music records suggested by the music providers for sale, wherein the displayed music records being similar to the music records stored in the memory unit of the device. 43. The device of claim 1, wherein the device may be configured to communicate with a gambling cloud service or a gaming cloud service, exchange gambling or gaming data with the gambling cloud service or the gaming cloud service, and, based on a user request, transfer payments related to gambling or gaming using payment data of the user associated with an account of the user in the cloud service, using payment data of the user stored in the device 200, and/or using the swipe card reader to read payment card data. 44. A method for accessing game and multimedia data and performing communications using a wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication, and computing device, the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device comprising the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game and communication device of claim 1, and the method comprising: receiving a user request to display the game and multimedia data or perform communication; communicating, over a network, with a game and multimedia server to transfer game and multimedia data or a communication server to transfer communication data; and displaying the game and multimedia data or the communication data on a display of the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device. 45. The method of claim 44, the method further comprising: receiving, by a processor of the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device, a user command; transferring the user command to the game and multimedia server; processing the user command; and transferring game and multimedia data related to the processing to the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device. 46. The method of claim 44, the method further comprising: receiving, by a processor of the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device, a user command; transferring the user command to the communication server; processing the user command; and transferring communication data related to the processing to the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device. 47. The method of claim 46, the method further comprising: receiving, by the processor of the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device, incoming communication data; notifying the user about the incoming communication data. 48. The method of claim 47, the method further comprising: receiving, by the processor of the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device, a user command in response to the incoming communication data; and displaying the incoming communication data on the display of the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device. 49. The method of claim 48, the method further comprising: generating an audible sound in a sound generating unit of the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device, wherein the sound corresponds to the incoming communication data. 50. The method of claim 44, wherein the communication is performed using one or more of the following: a Bluetooth module, a communication port, including a universal serial bus (USB) port, a parallel port, an infrared transceiver port, and a radiofrequency transceiver port. 51. The method of claim 44, the method further comprising transferring, by the processor of the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device, the game and multimedia data or the communication data to a digital eyeglass device, a television set, a set-top box, a computer, a laptop, a smartphone, or a wearable personal digital device. 52. The method of claim 44, wherein the network includes one or more of the following: GSM, CDMA, LTE, IMS, Universal Mobile Telecommunication System (UMTS), RFID, 4G, 5G, 6G and upper. 53. A method for facilitating payments using a wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device, the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device comprising the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device of claim 1, and the method comprising: receiving a user request to display data associated with a user on a display of the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device, the data being stored in a memory unit of the wearable personal digital wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device or on a data server; displaying the data associated with the user on the display of the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device. 54. The method of claim 53, wherein the data is payment data associated with the user, the payment data being a barcode encoding a payment account information of the user; and wherein the barcode is scannable by one or more of the following: a checkout scanner, a mobile device, a camera, or another wearable personal digital device. 55. The method of claim 53, wherein the data is personal data associated with the user, the personal data being a barcode encoding one or more of the following: a ticket, a boarding pass, a coupon, a discount card, a membership card, an identification (ID) card, a driver's license, a permanent resident card, and other cards. 56. The method of claim 55, wherein the barcode is scannable by one or more of the following: a checkout scanner, a mobile device, a camera, a check-in scanner, or another wearable personal digital device. 57. The method of claim 53, the method further comprising: receiving a user request to scan a product barcode; scanning the product barcode; receiving a user request to generate a payment barcode, the payment barcode encoding at least product information; generating the payment barcode; displaying the payment barcode on the display of the wearable personal digital flexible cloud game, multimedia, communication and computing device, the displayed payment barcode being scannable by one or more of the following: a checkout scanner, a mobile device, a camera, a check-in scanner, or another wearable personal digital device. 58. The method of claim 57, the method further comprising retrieving, by the device, data on products similar to the scanned products and displaying the retrieved data about the similar products available from providers of the similar products. 