A fault protection scheme for a photovoltaic power converter system is provided. According to aspects of the present disclosure, a fault protection circuit is coupled between a power converter and a ground reference. The fault protection circuit includes a fuse and a current sensor coupled in series with the fuse. A controller is configured to receive current readings from the current sensor and compare the current readings to a current threshold. The current threshold is selected to be less than the fuse current rating of the fuse. The controller identifies a fault condition if the current flowing through the ground protection circuit exceeds the current threshold value. A contactor can also be provided to temporarily lift the power converter relative to the ground reference to determine the existence of other fault paths in the system.
Claims 1. A power converter system, comprising: a power converter couplable to one or more DC power sources, said power converter configured to convert DC power from the one or more DC power sources to AC power; a fault protection circuit coupled between said power converter and a ground reference, said fault protection circuit comprising a fuse having a fuse current rating and a current sensor in series with said fuse, said current sensor configured to monitor the current flowing through said fault detection circuit; and, a controller configured to receive a signal associated with the current flowing through said fault protection circuit from said current sensor, said controller configured to compare the current flowing through said fault protection circuit with a current threshold and to identify a fault condition when the current exceeds the current threshold value, the current threshold value being less than the fuse current rating of said fuse. 2. The power converter system of claim 1, wherein the current sensor comprises a current shunt. 3. The power converter system of claim 1, wherein the current sensor comprises a Hall effect current sensor. 4. The power converter system of claim 1, wherein the fault protection circuit further comprises a voltage sensor configured to monitor the voltage across said fuse. 5. The power converter system of claim 4, wherein the controller is configured to identify a minor fault condition when the current in the fault protection circuit exceeds the current threshold value and the voltage across said fuse does not exceed a voltage threshold value, the controller further configured to identify a major fault condition when the voltage across said fuse exceeds the voltage threshold value. 6. The power converter system of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to provide a notification of the fault condition. 7. The power converter system of claim 1, wherein the fault protection circuit further comprises a contactor coupled in series with said fuse, said controller configured to open and close said contactor. 8. The power converter system of claim 7, wherein said controller is configured to determine a closed contactor voltage for one or more components of the power converter system when said contactor is closed; determine an open contactor voltage for one or more components of the power converter system when said contactor is open; and determine a fault condition based at least in part on a difference between the closed contactor voltage and the open contactor voltage for the one or more components of the power converter system. 9. The power converter system of claim 8, wherein the one or more components of the power converter system comprise one or more of an input from the photovoltaic source to the power converter, a positive DC bus for the power converter, or a negative DC bus for the power converter. 10. A ground fault protection method for a power converter system, the power converter system comprising a power converter couplable to one or more photovoltaic sources, the power converter configured to convert DC power from the one or more photovoltaic sources to AC power, the method comprising: monitoring the current flowing through a fault protection circuit coupled between the power converter system and a ground reference, the fault protection circuit comprising a fuse having a fuse current rating; monitoring the voltage across the fuse; identifying a minor fault condition based at least in part on the current flowing through the fault protection circuit and the voltage across the fuse; wherein the current flowing through the fault protection circuit as a result of the minor fault condition has a magnitude less than the fuse current rating of the fuse. 11. The ground fault protection method of claim 10, wherein identifying a minor fault condition comprises: comparing the current flowing through the fault protection circuit to a current threshold value, the current threshold value being less than the fuse current rating; and, comparing the voltage across the fuse to a voltage threshold value; and, identifying a minor fault condition when the current exceeds the current threshold value and the voltage does not exceed the voltage threshold value. 12. The ground fault protection method of claim 11, wherein the method further comprises identifying a major fault condition when the voltage across the fuse exceeds the voltage threshold value. 13. The ground fault protection method of claim 10, wherein the method comprises: selectively coupling and decoupling the power converter from the ground reference with a contactor coupled in series with the fuse; determining an open contactor voltage of one or more components of the power converter system when the power converter is decoupled from the ground reference; determining a closed contactor voltage of one or more components of the power converter system when the power converter is coupled to the ground reference; determining the difference between the open contactor voltage and the closed contactor voltage; and, identifying a fault condition based at least in part on the difference between the open contactor voltage and the closed contactor voltage. 14. The ground fault protection method of claim 10, wherein the method comprises providing a notification of the minor fault condition. 15. The ground fault protection method of claim 12, wherein the method comprises shutting down the power converter upon identification of a major fault condition. 16. A photovoltaic power converter system, comprising: a power converter couplable to one or more photovoltaic sources, said power converter configured to convert DC power from the one or more photovoltaic sources to AC power; a fault protection circuit coupled between said power converter and a ground reference, said fault protection circuit comprising a fuse having a fuse current rating and a contactor in series with said fuse; and, a controller configured to open and close said contactor, said controller further configured to determine a closed contactor voltage for one or more components of the photovoltaic power converter system when said contactor is closed; determine an open contactor voltage for one or more components of the photovoltaic power converter system when said contactor is open; and, determine a fault condition based at least in part on a difference between the closed contactor voltage and the open contactor voltage for the one or more components of the photovoltaic power converter system. 17. The photovoltaic power converter system of claim 16, wherein the one or more components of the photovoltaic power converter system comprise one or more of an input from the photovoltaic source to the power converter, a positive DC bus for the power converter, or a negative DC bus for the power converter. 18. The photovoltaic power converter system of claim 16, wherein the fault protection circuit further comprises a current sensor in series with said fuse, said current sensor configured to monitor the current flowing through said fault protection circuit. 19. The photovoltaic power converter system of claim 18, wherein the controller is configured to receive a signal associated with the current flowing through said fault protection circuit from said current sensor, said controller configured to compare the current flowing through said fault protection circuit with a current threshold and to identify a fault condition when the current exceeds the current threshold value, the current threshold value being less than the fuse current rating of said fuse. 20. The photovoltaic power converter system of claim 19, wherein the fault protection circuit further comprises a voltage sensor configured to monitor the voltage across said fuse, the controller configured to identify a fault condition when the voltage across the fuse exceeds a voltage threshold value. 