A system is provided for monitoring an energy-storing apparatus during a non-operating event of a mechanism that draws energy from the energy-storing apparatus, which includes a plurality of energy-storing cells. The system includes a plurality of sensing units, each of which is coupled to a subset of the plurality of cells and is configured to monitor conditions of the corresponding subset of cells during the non-operating event. The system further includes a wireless communication unit and a power source. The wireless communication unit is coupled to each of the sensing units and configured to communicate a signal indicative of one of the monitored conditions of the corresponding subset of cells to a computing device. The power source provides energy to the sensing units and the wireless communication unit during the non-operating event.
Claims 1. A system for monitoring an energy-storing apparatus during a non-operating event of a mechanism that draws energy from the energy-storing apparatus, the apparatus including a plurality of energy-storing cells, the system comprising: a plurality of sensing units, each one of the sensing units being coupled to a subset of the plurality of cells, wherein each one of the sensing units is configured to monitor conditions of a corresponding subset of cells during the non-operating event; a wireless communication unit coupled to each of the sensing units and configured to communicate a signal indicative of one of the monitored conditions of the corresponding subset of cells to a computing device; and a power source for providing energy to the sensing units and the wireless communication unit during the non-operating event. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the monitored conditions includes one of a voltage status, a temperature status, a strain status, and a pressure status. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the indicative signal is generated when one of the monitored conditions reaches a corresponding threshold level. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the power source is a self-harvesting power source. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the self-harvesting power is generated by one of vibration energy, or solar energy. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the power source is charged by the energy-storing apparatus during operating states. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the mechanism is a vehicle. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein non-operating event is an off-key event of the vehicle. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein each of the wireless communication unit and the power source can be located within or outside the energy-storing apparatus. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein each subset of the plurality of cells comprises one cell and each of the plurality of sensing units is associated with one of the plurality of cells. 11. A vehicle comprising: a system for monitoring an energy-storing apparatus during a non-operating event of the vehicle, the apparatus including a plurality of energy-storing cells, the system comprising: a plurality of sensing units, each one of the sensing units being coupled to a subset of the plurality of cells, wherein each one of the sensing units is configured to monitor conditions of a corresponding subset of cells during the non-operating event; a wireless communication unit coupled to each of the sensing units and configured to communicate a signal indicative of one of the monitored conditions of the corresponding subset of cells to a computing device; and a power source for providing energy to the sensing units and the wireless communication unit during the non-operating event. 12. The vehicle of claim 11, wherein the monitored conditions includes one of a voltage status, a temperature status, a strain status, and a pressure status. 13. The vehicle of claim 11, wherein the indicative signal is generated when one of the monitored conditions reaches a corresponding threshold level. 14. The vehicle of claim 1, wherein the power source is a self-harvesting power source. 15. A method for monitoring an energy-storing apparatus during an non-operating event, the apparatus including a plurality of energy-storing cells, comprising: monitoring conditions occurring within a subset of the plurality of cells during the non-operating event via a sensing unit associated with the subset of cells; and generating and communicating a signal indicative of one of the monitored conditions of the corresponding subset of cells to a computing device via a wireless communication unit coupled to the sensing unit. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising: providing energy from a self-harvesting power source to the sensing unit and the wireless communication unit during the non-operating event. 17. A non-stationary computer readable medium including a processor for performing instructions corresponding to a method for monitoring an energy-storing apparatus during an non-operating event, the apparatus including a plurality of energy-storing cells, the method comprising: monitoring conditions occurring within a subset of the plurality of cells during the non-operating event via a sensing unit associated with the subset of cells; and generating and communicating a signal indicative of one of the monitored conditions of the corresponding subset of cells to a computing device via a wireless communication unit coupled to the sensing unit. 18. The non-stationary computer readable medium of claim 17, wherein the monitored conditions includes one of a voltage status, a temperature status, a strain status, and a pressure status. 19. The non-stationary computer readable medium of claim 17, wherein the indicative signal is generated when one of the monitored conditions reaches a corresponding threshold level. 20. The non-stationary computer readable medium of claim 17, wherein the power source is a self-harvesting power source. 