Methods are disclosed for determining mounting locations of ingots on a wire saw machine. The methods include measuring a test surface of a test wafer previously sliced by the wire saw machine from a test ingot to calibrate the system. A magnitude and a direction of an irregularity of the measured test surface of the test wafer is then determined. The mounting location is then determined for another ingot to be mounted on the ingot holder based on at least one of the magnitude and direction of the irregularity of the measured test surface of the test wafer.
Claims 1. A method of determining a mounting location of an ingot on an ingot holder, the ingot holder is used to attach the ingot to a wire saw machine for slicing the ingot into wafers, the ingot having a length, the method comprising: measuring a test surface of a test wafer sliced by the wire saw machine from a test ingot, the test ingot having a test length; determining a magnitude and a direction of an entry mark along the measured test surface; determining a length ratio of the test length of the test ingot to the length of the ingot; and determining the mounting location of the ingot on the ingot holder is based on the length ratio, and the magnitude and the direction of the entry mark of the measured test surface of the test wafer from the test ingot. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the entry mark is an irregularity in the measured test surface of the test wafer. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein determining the mounting location of the ingot includes determining an offset distance from a center of the ingot holder, the offset distance is determined using at least one of the length ratio and the magnitude of the entry mark of the measured test surface of the test wafer. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein the offset distance is first determined using the magnitude of the entry mark of the measured test surface of the test wafer and is then one of reduced and increased based on the length ratio. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein the offset distance is reduced based on the length ratio when the length of the ingot is less than the test length of the test ingot. 6. The method of claim 4 wherein the offset distance is increased based on the length ratio when the length of the ingot is greater than the test length of the test ingot. 7. The method of claim 3 wherein determining the mounting location of the ingot includes determining an offset direction from the center of the ingot holder, the offset direction is based on the direction of the entry mark of the test measured surface of the test wafer. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein the offset direction is opposite that of the direction of the entry mark. 9. The method of claim 3 further comprising mounting the ingot to the ingot holder at the determined mounting location, the determined mounting location being spaced from the center of the ingot holder by the offset distance. 10. The method of claim 1 further comprising mounting the ingot to the ingot holder at the determined mounting location. 11. The method of claim 10 further comprising slicing the ingot into wafers, wherein the surfaces of the wafers have irregularities of reduced magnitude compared to the irregularities on the test surface of the test wafer sliced from the test ingot. 12. A method of determining a mounting location of an ingot on an ingot holder, the ingot holder is used to attach the ingot to a wire saw machine for slicing the ingot into wafers, the method comprising: measuring a test surface of a test wafer previously sliced by the wire saw machine from a test ingot; determining at least one of a magnitude and a direction of an irregularity of the measured test surface; and determining the mounting location of the ingot on the ingot holder using at least one of the magnitude and the direction of the irregularity of the measured test surface of the test wafer sliced from the test ingot. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein the irregularity in the test surface of the test wafer is an entry mark. 14. The method of claim 12 wherein determining the mounting location of the ingot includes comprises determining an offset distance from a center of the ingot holder and an offset direction from the center of the ingot holder. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein the offset distance is based on the magnitude of the irregularity of the measured test surface of the test wafer. 16. The method of claim 14 wherein the offset direction is based on the direction of the irregularity on the measured test surface of the test wafer. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein the offset direction is opposite that of the direction of the irregularity. 18. The method of claim 14 further comprising mounting the ingot to the ingot holder at the determined mounting location, the determined mounting location is spaced from the center of the ingot holder by the offset distance in the offset direction. 19. The method of claim 12 further comprising: mounting the ingot to the ingot holder at the determined mounting location; and slicing the ingot with the wire saw machine into wafers, wherein the surfaces of the wafers lack an entry mark. 20. A population of semiconductor or solar wafers sliced from an ingot by a wire saw machine, the ingot being mounted to an ingot holder used to attach the ingot to the wire saw machine, the ingot being offset from a center of the ingot holder, the wafers having surfaces substantially free from entry marks prior to being subjected to downstream processing operations. 