An indexing mechanism may include a drive table, an indexing table, a control ring between the tables, and a cam follower. The cam includes lobes on an inner surface. A drive arm of the cam follower is coupled to the drive table and an end of an indexing arm of the cam follower rides over the lobes during use. A spring may be coupled between the drive table and the indexing table. As the drive table rotates continuously, the components serve to move the indexing table in a non-continuous movement, by which it stops for a period and then moves to the next stop, etc. A camera may take a still image at each stop position, and the images may be stitched together (e.g., through use of an onboard computer) to produce a panoramic image. A power supply may also be provided, so that the entire system may be self-contained.
Claims 1. An indexing mechanism comprising: a drive table; an indexing table; a cam control ring disposed between the drive table and the indexing table, the cam control ring including a plurality of lobes formed in an inner surface of the control ring; a cam follower including a drive arm and an indexing arm, the drive arm being coupled to the drive table and an end of the indexing arm riding against the inner surface of the control ring, over the lobes, during use; and a spring coupled between the drive table and the indexing table. 2. An indexing mechanism as recited in claim 1, wherein the cam control ring includes from 6 to 16 lobes formed in an inner surface of the control ring. 3. An indexing mechanism as recited in claim 1, wherein the inner surface of the control ring is symmetrical. 4. An indexing mechanism as recited in claim 1, wherein the inner surface of the control ring is non-symmetrical. 5. An indexing mechanism as recited in claim 1, further comprising a motor and power supply for driving the drive table. 6. An indexing mechanism as recited in claim 5, wherein the motor requires no more than about 1 watt of continuous power to drive the indexing mechanism during use. 7. An automated panoramic camera and sensor platform comprising: an indexing mechanism comprising: a drive table; an indexing table; a cam control ring disposed between the drive table and the indexing table, the cam control ring including a plurality of lobes formed in an inner surface of the control ring; a cam follower including a drive arm and an indexing arm, the drive arm being coupled to the drive table and an end of the indexing arm riding against the inner surface of the control ring, over the lobes, during use; and a spring coupled between the drive table and the indexing table; and a camera mounted to the indexing table. 8. An automated panoramic camera and sensor platform as recited in claim 7, further comprising a computer configured to receive imaging data from the camera and configured to create a panoramic image from a plurality of still images from the camera. 9. An automated panoramic camera and sensor platform as recited in claim 8, further comprising satellite, cellular, or other wireless communication module for sending panoramic images or other data from the automated panoramic camera and sensor platform to a monitoring location. 10. An automated panoramic camera and sensor platform as recited in claim 8, further comprising a hard wired connection for sending panoramic images or other data from the automated panoramic camera and sensor platform to a monitoring location. 11. An automated panoramic camera and sensor platform as recited in claim 7, further comprising a power supply comprising a backup battery and a solar power generator for charging the battery. 12. An automated panoramic camera and sensor platform as recited in claim 7, wherein the camera is a thermal imaging camera. 13. A method of providing a panoramic image from a single camera mounted to an indexing mechanism, the method comprising: providing an automated panoramic camera and sensor platform comprising a camera mounted to an indexing table of an indexing mechanism and an indexing mechanism, the indexing mechanism comprising: a drive table; an indexing table; a cam control ring disposed between the drive table and the indexing table, the cam control ring including a plurality of lobes formed in an inner surface of the control ring; a cam follower including a drive arm and an indexing arm, the drive arm being coupled to the drive table and an end of the indexing arm riding against the inner surface of the control ring, over the lobes, during use; and a spring coupled between the drive table and the indexing table; obtaining a plurality of still images from the camera at different lobe positions of the indexing mechanism; and stitching together the plurality of still images to produce a panoramic image. 14. A method as recited in claim 13, wherein the drive table rotates continuously during use and the indexing table moves intermittently so as to allow an unblurred still image to be taken when the indexing table is not moving. 15. A method as recited in claim 14, wherein the camera obtains still images when the indexing table is moving and when the indexing table is not moving, the method further comprising discarding images obtained when the indexing table is moving, the images obtained when the indexing table is not moving being stitched together to produce the panoramic image. 16. A method as recited in claim 13, wherein the drive table rotates at a rate between about 1 RPM and about 120 RPM. 17. A method as recited in claim 13, wherein the drive table rotates at a rate of about 60 RPM. 18. A method as recited in claim 13, wherein the indexing mechanism continuously consumes no more than about 1 watt during use. 19. A method as recited in claim 13, wherein the indexing mechanism results in the indexing table remaining stationary for a period of about 30-120 ms at each stop position. 20. A method as recited in claim 13, wherein the indexing mechanism results in the indexing table remaining stationary for a period of about 60 ms at each stop position. 