A support system for a solar panel includes a triangular truss with connection points for mounting a photovoltaic module, and a cradle structure that supports the triangular truss and is connected to at least two side supports of the triangular truss. The cradle structure may be driven for rotation about an axis for tracking the sun and several cradle structures can be linked together for tracking movement using a buried linkage system. The truss may also be foldable for ease of transportation and storage.
Claims 1. A support system for a solar panel comprising: a triangular truss with connection areas for mounting at least one photovoltaic module thereon; a cradle structure adapted to be supported on a first foundation and supporting the triangular truss, said cradle structure connected to at least two side supports of the triangular truss, the cradle structure configured to rotate about an axis; and a first linkage connected to a first arm of the cradle structure, the first linkage providing a force on the cradle structure that causes the cradle structure to move about the axis. 2. (canceled) 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the cradle structure comprises: a pair of butterfly drive wings extending from the axis and oriented with an angle of less than 180 degrees between them, the butterfly drive wings configured to rotate about the axis of the cradle structure, said butterfly wings being connected to the triangular truss; and a pair of butterfly drive arms extending from the axis and respectively oriented to one side of the pair of butterfly drive wings, the butterfly drive arms configured in a rigid position. 4. The system of claim 27, wherein each of the butterfly drive wings is connected to one of the first linkage and the second linkage, respectively, and each of the first linkage and the second linkage passes through one of the butterfly drive arms, respectively. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein each of the first linkage and the second linkage passes into a respective tubular sheath that passes under a ground level, each of the first linkage and the second linkage providing a force that pulls the respective connected butterfly drive wing and rotates the axis. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein each linkage is connected to either a butterfly drive wing of a cradle structure of an adjacent support system or a mechanism which moves the linkage. 7-8. (canceled) 9. The system of claim 1, wherein a mechanism biases the axis in a predetermined position. 10. A support system for a solar panel comprising: a triangular truss with connection areas for mounting at least one photovoltaic module thereon; a cradle structure adapted to be supported on a foundation and supporting the triangular truss, said cradle structure connected to at least two side supports of the triangular truss; and a foundation structure affixed to the cradle structure that supports the cradle structure above a ground level, wherein the cradle structure is configured such that the side supports of the triangle truss meet at a point that is off-center relative the foundation structure, and the PV module is fixed at an angle relative the ground level. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the triangular truss is a folding truss that, when in a folded position, occupies less space in at least one direction than when unfolded. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein, when the folding truss is in the folded position, a bottom beam of the folding truss, rests against a plurality of top rails of the folding truss. 13. The system of claim 1, further comprising at least one photovoltaic module connected to the triangle truss. 14. (canceled) 15. A solar panel array comprising a plurality of photovoltaic structures arranged adjacent one another, each photovoltaic structure comprising: at least one photovoltaic module; a triangular truss supporting the at least one photovoltaic module; a plurality of cradle structures supporting the triangular truss and are connected to at least two side supports of the triangular truss; and a plurality of foundations connected to each of the cradle structures, the foundations supporting the cradle structures above a surface; a first driving mechanism with a first linkage connected to a cradle structure of a first photovoltaic structure; a second linkage connected to the cradle structure of the first photovoltaic structure and a second photovoltaic structure; a plurality of intervening linkages connecting cradle structures of a plurality of intervening photovoltaic structures; and a third linkage connected to a third photovoltaic structure at the end of the plurality of intervening photovoltaic structures and to a second electric motor, wherein the cradle structures are rotated about an axis when the first driving mechanism pulls the first linkage and when the second driving mechanism pulls the third linkage, and wherein the intervening linkages pass below a surface of a ground level. 16-17. (canceled) 18. A photovoltaic structure comprising: at least one photovoltaic module; a triangular truss connected to the at least one photovoltaic module; a plurality of cradle structures that support the triangular truss and are connected to at least two side supports of the triangular truss; and a plurality of foundations connected to each of the cradle structures, the foundations supporting the cradle structures above a surface; wherein each of the plurality of cradle structures is connected to a respective first linkage and second linkage, the first linkage configured to apply a force to the cradle structure to rotate the cradle structure about an axis. 19. The photovoltaic structure of claim 18, wherein the cradle structures each comprise: a pair of butterfly drive wings extending from the axis and oriented at an angle of less than 180 degrees, said butterfly drive wings configured to rotate about the axis of the cradle structure, and said butterfly drive wings being connected to the triangular truss; and a pair of butterfly drive arms extending from the axis and oriented to one side of the pair of butterfly drive wings, the butterfly drive arms configured in a rigid position. 20. (canceled) 21. (canceled) 22. The support system of claim 1, further comprising: a second linkage connecting a second arm of the cradle structure to a second cradle structure that is supported by a second foundation adjacent the first foundation, the second cradle structure configured to rotate about an axis. 23. The support system of claim 1, wherein the force on the linkage causes the cradle structure and the second cradle structure to move about their respective axes in unison. 24. A system for rotating a plurality of rows of solar panels comprising: a plurality of support structures supporting the respective rows of solar panels; and a plurality of linkages connecting each of the support structures to a respective adjacent support structure, the plurality of linkages passing at least partially under a ground surface and controlling rotation of the plurality of rows of solar panels. 25. The system of claim 24, wherein the plurality of linkages are mechanical linkages that connect to respective cradle structures of the plurality of support structures, and wherein a downward force on a linkage at a column end of the rows causes the respective cradle structures and the plurality of rows of solar panels to rotate in unison. 26. (canceled) 27. The support system of claim 1, further comprising: a second linkage connected to a second arm of the cradle structure. 28. The support system of claim 1, wherein the first linkage is connected to an electric motor and gearbox structure that retracts a portion of the first linkage. 