Disclosed are devices and methods for providing solar lighting and power to a consumer using pay-as-you-go technology. The pay-as-you-go technology allows for a user to pay for home power and lighting on an incremental basis as they use the device. The payments are made using a user's cell phone. A pay-as-you-go lighting apparatus may include a lighting module configured to provide lighting to a customer when activated, and a control system including a processor and a memory configured to monitor usage of the lighting apparatus, track remaining usage credits, and disable the lighting apparatus when there are no remaining usage credits.
Claims 1. A pay-as-you-go electrical apparatus for providing power to a device comprising: a power module configured to provide power to a device when activated; a control system comprising a processor and a memory configured to enable the electrical apparatus when activated with usage credits, monitor usage of the electrical apparatus, track remaining usage credits, and disable the electrical apparatus when there are no remaining usage credits; and a battery for powering the electrical apparatus. 2. The pay-as-you-go electrical apparatus for providing power to a device of claim 1, wherein the device comprises a lighting unit. 3. The pay-as-you-go electrical apparatus for providing power to a device of claim 1, wherein the power module comprises an electrical outlet to connect the device. 4. The pay-as-you-go electrical apparatus for providing power to a device of claim 1, further comprising: a speaker configured to generate audible signals for communicating with a provider system through a telephone; and a microphone configured to receive audible signals for communicating with the provider system through a telephone. 5. The pay-as-you-go electrical apparatus for providing power to a device of claim 1, further comprising a solar panel configured to charge the battery. 6. The pay-as-you-go electrical apparatus for providing power to a device of claim 1, wherein the power module comprises one or more LED lighting sources. 7. The pay-as-you-go electrical apparatus for providing power to a device of claim 1, wherein the electrical apparatus is configured to update usage credit information by communicating with a provider system. 8. The pay-as-you-go electrical apparatus for providing power to a device of claim 7, wherein the electrical apparatus is configured to communicate with the provider system using SMS text messages. 9. A pay-as-you-go lighting apparatus comprising: a lighting module configured to provide lighting to a customer when activated; a control system comprising a processor and a memory configured to enable the lighting apparatus when activated with usage credits, monitor usage of the lighting apparatus, track remaining usage credits, and disable the lighting apparatus when there are no remaining usage credits; and a battery for powering the lighting apparatus. 10. The pay-as-you-go lighting apparatus of claim 9, wherein the lighting module further comprises an electrical outlet to connect a device. 11. The pay-as-you-go lighting apparatus of claim 9, further comprising: a speaker configured to generate audible signals for communicating with a provider system through a telephone; and a microphone configured to receive audible signals for communicating with the provider system through a telephone. 12. The pay-as-you-go lighting apparatus of claim 9, further comprising a solar panel configured to charge the battery. 13. The pay-as-you-go lighting apparatus of claim 9, wherein the lighting module comprises one or more LED lighting sources. 14. The pay-as-you-go lighting apparatus of claim 9, wherein the lighting apparatus is configured to update usage credit information by communicating with a provider system. 15. The pay-as-you-go lighting apparatus of claim 14, wherein the lighting apparatus is configured to communicate with the provider system using SMS text messages. 16. A method for providing lighting at a pay-as-you-go lighting apparatus comprising: registering a pay-as-you-go lighting apparatus to a user; obtaining energy credit information for the user and the lighting apparatus from a provider system; enabling the lighting apparatus to provide lighting in accordance with the energy credit information; and transferring usage information concerning the lighting apparatus to the provider system. 17. The method for providing lighting at a pay-as-you-go lighting apparatus of claim 16, further comprising: generating audible signals for two-way communications between the lighting apparatus and the provider system; and transmitting the audible signals using a telephone. 18. The method for providing lighting at a pay-as-you-go lighting apparatus of claim 17, wherein the audible signals comprise data identifying a location of the lighting apparatus. 19. A method of managing pay-as-you-go lighting apparatuses, comprising: receiving a payment message associated with a user; encoding an audible message for a pay-as-you-go lighting apparatus; transmitting the encoded message to the user over a telephone network; and receiving an audible message from the pay-as-you-go lighting apparatus. 20. The method of managing pay-as-you-go lighting apparatuses of claim 19, further comprising pairing the payment message with an account and the pay-as-you-go lighting apparatus. 21. The method of managing pay-as-you-go lighting apparatuses of claim 19, wherein the payment message identifies the lighting apparatus. 22. The method of managing pay-as-you-go lighting apparatuses of claim 19, further comprising initiating a telephone call to transmit the encoded message. 23. The method of managing pay-as-you-go lighting apparatuses of claim 22, wherein the encoded message comprises a body and at least one of a preamble, a number identifying a type of message, and an authentication code. 24. The method of managing pay-as-you-go lighting apparatuses of claim 23, wherein the body of the encoded message comprises a software update, a code to unlock the lighting apparatus, or a test sequence to identify technical issues with the lighting apparatus. 25. The method of managing pay-as-you-go lighting apparatuses of claim 19, wherein the audible message received from the lighting apparatus confirms that the encoded audible message received by the lighting apparatus designates the lighting apparatus. 26. The method of managing pay-as-you-go lighting apparatuses of claim 19, further comprising: aggregating data collected from multiple lighting apparatuses; updating a profile for each of the lighting apparatuses; identifying lighting apparatuses with overdue payments based on an average energy usage determined from the profile for each of the lighting apparatuses; and messaging users about the overdue payments and diagnostic information determined by analyzing the data collected. 