A system of solar roof shingles and underlayment with wireless power transfer between the solar roof shingles and the underlayment is disclosed. Each roof shingle has a solar collector array coupled to a wireless resonator. The solar collector array establishes a voltage in response to exposure to sunlight and the wireless resonator converts the voltage to a transmittable electromagnetic signal. The signal is transmitted to resonant devices embedded in the underlayment beneath the shingles The resonant devices may be resonant capture devices that convert the received electromagnetic signal back to a usable voltage, or they may be wireless repeaters that retransmit the electromagnetic signal to remote resonant capture devices, which then convert it to a voltage. This voltage is placed on an electrical grid and made available at a remote location for use, storage, or placement on the public electrical grid.
Claims 1. A solar collection system for installation on the roof of a structure to convert sunlight to electrical energy and distribute the electrical energy to a remote location, the solar collection system comprising: an underlayment for installation on an area of the roof to be used for collecting sunlight; a plurality of resonant devices incorporated into the underlayment in a predetermined pattern; a plurality of solar collectors configured to be installed in an array on the roof overlying the underlayment; at least some of the solar collectors carrying a wireless resonator; the wireless resonators of the solar collectors aligning in a predetermined relationship with the resonant devices of the underlayment when the solar collectors are installed over the underlayment to transfer electrical power generated by the solar collectors to the resonant devices without physical connection. 2. The system of claim 1 and wherein the solar collectors comprise solar shingles. 3. The system of claim 1 further comprising inverters associated with each of the solar collectors for converting DC voltage developed by each solar collector to AC voltage that is coupled to the wireless resonator. 4. A solar collection system as claimed in claim 1 wherein the resonant devices incorporated into the underlayment comprise resonant capture devices. 5. A solar collection system as claimed in claim 4 further comprising a wiring grid incorporated into the underlayment electrically connecting the resonant capture devices for delivering electrical power from the resonant capture devices to a remote location. 6. A solar collection system as claimed in claim 5 wherein the wiring grid electrically connects the resonant capture devices in parallel, in series, or in a combination thereof. 7. A solar collection system as claimed in claim 6 and further comprising an electrical bus incorporated into the underlayment, the wiring grid being electrically connected to the electrical bus. 8. A solar collection system as claimed in claim 4 and wherein the resonant capture devices are aligned beneath corresponding solar collectors. 9. A solar collection system as claimed in claim 4 wherein the resonant capture devices are embedded within the material of the underlayment. 10. A solar collection system as claimed in claim 1 wherein the resonant devices comprise wireless repeaters. 11. A solar collection system as claimed in claim 10 further comprising at least one resonant capture device positioned to receive power wirelessly from one or more of the wireless repeaters of the underlayment and to convert the received power to usable electrical power. 12. A solar collection system as claimed in claim 11 wherein the at least one resonant capture device is located remotely from the wireless repeaters. 13. A solar collection system as claimed in claim 11 wherein the wireless repeaters are uniquely identifiable and wherein the system monitors the wireless repeaters and identifies wireless repeaters with signals that indicate a potential fault. 14. A solar collection system as claimed in claim 13 further comprising monitoring components in the one or more resonant capture devices that monitor the wireless repeaters. 15. A solar collection system as claimed in claim 13 further comprising an electrical bus coupled to the at least one resonant capture device for delivering electrical power from the at least one resonant capture device to a remote location. 16. A solar collection system as claimed in claim 1 further comprising electrical inverters associated with the wireless resonators for converting DC voltage established by the solar collectors to AC voltage. 17. A method comprising: (a) allowing a solar collector on the roof of a building to be exposed to sunlight to establish a voltage; (b) converting the voltage to a wirelessly transmittable electromagnetic signal; (c) transmitting the electromagnetic signal wirelessly; (d) receiving the transmitted electromagnetic signal through a resonant device incorporated into an underlayment beneath the solar collector; (e) converting the received electromagnetic signal to a voltage; and (f) conveying the converted voltage to a remote location for use. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein step (d) comprises receiving the transmitted electromagnetic signal through a resonant capture device. 19. The method of claim 17 wherein step (d) comprises receiving the transmitted electromagnetic signal through a wireless repeater in the underlayment. 20. The method of claim 19 and further comprising the step of retransmitting the electromagnetic signal with the wireless repeater to be received and converted to a voltage through a resonant capture device located remotely from the wireless repeater. 21. The method of claim 20 further comprising the step of inverting the voltage established in step (a) to an AC voltage prior to step (b). 