A solar cell module includes a framing member (20) formed of long-side frames (21) and short-side frames (25) that hold a peripheral edge portion of a solar cell panel (10), and a supporting member (30) disposed to straddle between the long-side frames (21). At both end portions in a longitudinal direction of a lower horizontal plate (32) of the supporting member (30), an engaging portion (32b) enlarged in a width direction by forming notches from both sides in the width direction. A lower plate (21d) of the long-side frame (21) has an inner-side edge portion (21d1) where a cut out portion (23) to which the engaging portion (32b) fits is formed. In a main plate (21a), a through hole is formed. A vertical main plate (33) of the supporting member (30) has, in a longitudinal direction, an end surface where a screw hole is disposed. The engaging portion (32b) fits the cut out portion (23), and a screw member (44) is inserted into the through hole and threadably mounted in the screw hole so as to secure the supporting member (30) between the long-side frames (21).
Claims 1. A solar cell module comprising: a framing member that holds a peripheral edge portion of a solar cell panel; and a supporting member arranged on a back surface side of the solar cell panel so as to straddle between the opposing framing members, wherein the framing member includes a frame-side main plate and a frame-side lower plate, the frame-side main plate having a holding plate portion that holds an edge portion of the solar cell panel, the frame-side lower plate being disposed to extend so as to face the holding plate portion from an edge portion of the frame-side main plate, the supporting member includes a support-side main plate and a support-side lower plate, the support-side lower plate being disposed at one edge portion in a short direction of the support-side main plate so as to make a right angle with the support-side main plate, the support-side lower plate includes an engaging portion at both end portions in a longitudinal direction, the engaging portion having a portion in a shape with a width larger toward an end portion in the longitudinal direction, the frame-side lower plate having an inner-side edge portion where a cut out portion is formed, the cut out portion fitting the engaging portion, the frame-side main plate has a through hole, and the support-side main plate has, in the longitudinal direction, an end surface where a screw hole is formed, and the engaging portion fits the cut out portion, and a screw member is inserted into the through hole and threadably mounted on the screw hole so as to secure the supporting member to the framing member. 2. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the engaging portion has a portion with a narrow width, the portion being formed by forming a notch at least at one side in a width direction of the support-side lower plate. 3. The solar cell module according to claim 2 wherein the engaging portion and the cut out portion are each formed in a T shape in plan view. 4. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the through hole is formed in the frame-side main plate between the holding plate portion and the frame-side lower plate in a position closer to the holding plate portion than the frame-side lower plate. 5. The solar cell module according to claim 4, wherein the frame-side main plate and the end surface of the support-side main plate are secured with a screw in one position. 6. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein at least a part of a surface that faces the solar cell panel at both end portions in a longitudinal direction of the supporting member is supported by the holding plate portion of the framing member. 7. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the supporting member includes a support-side upper plate, the support-side upper plate being disposed to face the support-side lower plate parallel to each other across the support-side main plate. 8. The solar cell module according to claim 7, wherein both end portions in a longitudinal direction of the support-side upper plate are supported by the holding plate portion of the framing member. 9. A method for manufacturing the solar cell module according to claim 1, comprising: holding the edge portion of the solar cell panel in the holding plate portion of the framing member so as to hold the peripheral edge portion of the solar cell panel with the framing member; fitting the engaging portion to the cut out portion, the engaging portion being formed in the support-side lower plate of the supporting member, the cut out portion being formed in the frame-side lower plate of the framing member; inserting the screw member into the through hole and threadably mounting the screw member in the screw hole so as to secure the supporting member to the framing member. 