A distributed wireless monitoring system with low-power remote sensors includes data encoding/compression at sensors to reduce power use from transmission and storage (where the compact data representation is decoded after upload), event activated operation/data logging, remote configuration of event triggering thresholds and correlation templates, distributed processing capabilities, and sensor clock synchronization from a network time service.
Claims 1. A method implemented by a low powered, integrated remote data acquisition platform in a distributed wireless monitoring system via a web-based program that comprising: a. receiving over the wireless internet link from the cloud server a predetermined difference threshold for event triggering and sampling interval; b. sampling by comparators a sensed parameter(s) on a dynamically programmable sample rate; c. activating a data logger when the comparators sense a differential change in the sensed parameter exceeding the dynamically programmable difference threshold for event triggering from a dynamically programmable baseline value; d. compression encoding the stored data; e. logging the sensed value together with a relative time by the data logger as stored data until the parameter returns to the dynamically programmable baseline; f. receiving over the wireless internet link from the cloud server a dynamically configurable sensor calibration, sample rate, trigger threshold information, reporting schedule and current time and date information; g. receiving over the wireless internet link from the cloud server dynamically configurable sensor calibration and trigger threshold information; h. transmitting the compression encoded stored data over the wireless internet link to the cloud server according to the dynamically configurable reporting schedule; i. receiving over the wireless internet link from the cloud server device control parameters j. sending control signals to actuators based on the received device control parameters. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein transmitting the compression encoded stored data over the wireless internet link to the cloud server according to the dynamically configurable reporting schedule comprises transmitting the compression encoded stored data when a predetermined threshold of data has been logged. 3. The method of claim 1 further comprising transmitting to the cloud server over the wireless internet link an alarm if a low battery capacity state is detected, if measured event exceeds a user defined threshold, and/or if measured event exceeds a user defined comparator difference. 4. The method of claim 1 further comprises low-power operating functions including: a. Automatic verification of connectivity to cell network and then automatic verification of connectivity to the cloud server. If such connectivities are not made or if communications over the wireless internet link is disrupted, the data logger is returned to a sleep mode. b. Two-way wireless synchronized reporting while the radio is powered off between reporting transmission or alarm events. c. During nominal operations the sensor platform is in sleep mode, and all on-chip and off-chip peripherals are using little or no current until activated by change in the sensors' parameters. Thereby only logging time and measurement based on event trigger. d. Internet time/data are updated at each transmission for accurate logging and reporting synchronization without the requirement of a crystal oscillating internal clock. 5. The method of claim 1 further comprising dynamically downloading over the wireless internet link application code for distributed processing. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprising performing data analysis and comparisons on sampled data prior to data being stored and transmitted. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein the sensed parameter is representative of weather, outdoor & indoor air quality, water level, water flow, water quality, fluid pressure, vibration, image, electric current, solar irradiance, soil moisture. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein the web-based dynamic configuration program permanently resides on the cloud server and is uniquely identified by elements of the Media Access Control address. The web-based configuration program is reviewed with each remote transmission and any changes are automatically updated to the remote location at that time. 