The invention relates to electrical engineering. The technical result is to increase the operating efficiency of the wireless electrical energy transmission device and to reduce the potential hazard of the wireless electrical energy transmission device to humans. The essence of the invention is that in an appliance, which requires electrical power supply to operate, comprising at least one wireless electrical energy transmission device (WEETD), at least one specified WEETD is accommodated fully or partially inside specified appliance housing, herewith a wireless transmission of electrical energy to at least one technical mean, which is an integral part of the appliance, is carried out through at least one WEETD.
Claims 1. An appliance, which requires electrical power supply to operate, comprising at least one wireless electrical energy transmission device (WEETD), wherein at least one specified WEETD is accommodated fully or partially inside specified appliance housing, herewith a wireless transmission of electrical energy to at least one technical mean, which is an integral part of the appliance, is carried out through at least one WEETD. 2. The appliance according to claim 1, wherein at least one WEETD is attached to: a) at least one technical mean of the appliance with or without ability to undock, and/or b) to the housing of said appliance with or without ability to undock. 3. The appliance according to claim 2, wherein said WEETD attachment is configured to move relative to said technical mean and/or relative to the housing of said appliance. 4. The appliance according to claim 1, wherein at least one WEETD is built in at least one technical mean of the appliance and/or in the housing of said appliance. 5. The appliance according to claim 1, wherein the source of electric power supply for WEETD is: a) at least one electric power supply source, disposed wholly or partially inside the appliance housing, and/or b) at least one electric power supply source, disposed in whole or in part on the appliance housing, and/or c) at least one electric power supply source, disposed outside the appliance housing. 6. The appliance according to claim 5, wherein WEETD is connected to the electric power supply source or sources by wire and/or wireless. 7. The appliance according to claim 5, wherein a DC electric power supply source and/or an AC electric power supply source is the electric power supply source for WEETD. 8. The appliance according to claim 5, wherein at least one accumulator battery and/or at least one solar panel is the electric power supply source for WEETD. 9. The appliance according to claim 1, wherein the appliance housing is fully or partially shielded from the inside of the appliance housing and/or fully or partially from the outside of the appliance housing. 10. The appliance according to claim 1, wherein the appliance housing is made entirely or partly of dielectric materials and/or materials, which include dielectric materials. 11. The appliance according to claim 1, wherein in case of accommodating WEETD partly inside the appliance housing the WEETD is fully or partially is separated from the external environment by protective construction. 12. The appliance according to claim 11, wherein the protective construction is made of dielectric materials and/or materials, which include dielectric materials. 13. The appliance according to claim 1, wherein at least one technical mean of the appliance is supplied by electric power from at least one WEETD by means of using at least one receiver and/or adapter. 14. The appliance according to claim 13, wherein the receiver is installed in specified technical mean of the appliance, or is attached to specified technical mean of the appliance. 15. The appliance according to claim 13, wherein the adapter is installed in specified technical mean of the appliance, or is attached to specified technical mean of the appliance. 16. The appliance according to claim 1, wherein the appliance is configured to provide information related to the operation of at least one WEETD. 17. The appliance according to the claim 16, wherein said information is provided in a visual and/or audible form. 18. The appliance according to claim 1, wherein the appliance is a mobile phone, or device equipped with a mobile or a radio communications, or a computer, or a notebook, or a netbook, or a PDA, or smart phone, or multimedia electronic device, or tablet PC, or a TV set, or a monitor, or video projector, or an electronic book, or electronic newspaper, or a printer, or scanner, or copier, or a camera, or a video camera, or digital binoculars, or a digital sight, or night vision device, or an electronic telescope, or Global Positioning System, or navigation device, or electric shaver, or fax device, or remote control device, or equipment for digital printing, or equipment for operational printing, or refrigerator, or washing machine, or dishwasher, or electric stove, or air conditioner, or air-conditioner, or split system, or heating device with electronic control, or microwave oven, or coffee maker with electronic control, or juice maker with electronic control, or cooking device with electronic control, or food processor with electronic control, or machine with electronic control, or electronic control unit, or equipment with electronic control, or robot with electronic control, or lighting device with electronic control, or safe with electronic control, or device that is a part of a robot, or a machine, or equipment, or plant, or another known device, including at least one electronic device or at least one above mentioned technical mean. 19-22. (canceled) 