Disclosed is a system of an apparel to operate atleast a functional device without holding in an user's hands. The system comprises atleast a communicator inbuilt with the apparel and communicably connected with the functional device, atleast a controller inbuilt with the apparel to control operation of the functional device, and atleast a connector inbuilt with the apparel to detachably connect atleast one of the functional device, the communicator, the controller or any combination thereof. Atleast one of the communicator, connector, the controller, the functional device or any combination thereof is substantially water resistant and washable with the apparel.
Claims 1. A system of an apparel to operate atleast a functional device without holding in an user's hands, comprising: atleast a communicator inbuilt with the apparel and communicably connected with the functional device; atleast a controller inbuilt with the apparel to control operation of the functional device; and atleast a connector inbuilt with the apparel to detachably connect atleast one of the functional device, the communicator, the controller or any combination thereof, wherein atleast one of the communicator, connector, the controller, the functional device or any combination thereof is substantially water resistant and washable with the apparel, wherein the functional device is capable of facilitating communication, health monitoring, learning, entertainment, and enjoyment. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the functional device includes atleast one of a mobile phone, a portable media player, a MP-3 player, a MP-4 player, an i-pod, a-phone, a CD player, a DVD players, a tablet PC, a PDA, a media player ,a radio, a mobile phone, a RealAudio, a RTM player, a minidisk player, a cassette player, a satellite radio, a GPRS, a blue-tooth, a solar charger a Wi-Fi, a camera, a personnel assistant, a GSM phone adopter, an universal remote control, a VoIP Caller, a monitor, a storage, a digital book, brain trainer, habit builder, work out tracker, project management, temperature controller, language trainer, games playing, text book storage, audio recording, production efficiency work wear, or any combination thereof. 3. The system of claim 2 wherein the monitor includes atleast one of a health tracker capable of tracking, recording and prompting about atleast a health parameter, wherein the health parameters includes atleast one of pulse rate, blood pressure, body temperature, weight, memory, body mass index, Calorie, heart. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the communicator includes atleast one of an inbuilt flexible washable speaker, an inbuilt washable earphone, atleast a washable microphone or any combination thereof. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the controller includes atleast one of skip, forward, rewind, accept phone calls, reject phone calls, send multimedia messages, Bluetooth connectivity, Wi-Fi, media recording, play games, operate mobile applications, voice control, power-on, power-off, stop media, start media, pause media, call drop, redial, audio play, video play, voice dial, mute, select music, select sound effect, volume control, gesture control buttons, switches, and functionalities. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the connector includes atleast one of a washable media jack, washable connecting wires, washable switches. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the apparel may includes atleast one of an upper apparel, a lower apparel, an inner apparel or any combination thereof. 8. An apparel with atleast an inbuilt washable device for communication, entertainment, enjoyment, and health monitoring, comprising: atleast a washable speaker inbuilt at a suitable position in the apparel; atleast a washable earphone communicably connected with washable speaker; atleast a washable controller inbuilt with the apparel for receiving input from the user to control and operate the washable device through the apparel; and atleast a monitor connected with the apparel to communicably monitor atleast health of the user, wherein atleast an inbuilt washable connector is adapted to connect atleast one of the washable device, the washable speaker, the washable headphone, the washable microphone, a washable earphone or any combination thereof with the washable operator for operation of the washable device by the user wearing the apparel. 9. The apparel of claim 8, wherein the controller includes atleast one of skip, forward, rewind, accept phone calls, reject phone calls, stop media, start media, pause media, send multimedia messages, Bluetooth connectivity, Wi-Fi, media recording, play games, operate mobile applications, voice control, power-on, power-off, call drop, redial, audio play, video play, voice dial, mute, select music, select sound effect, volume control, gesture control switch, button or functionalities or any combination thereof is adapted to control the electronic devices. 10. The apparel of claim 8 further comprising atleast a waterproof retainer with magnetic closures to retain atleast the washable device and preventing the washable device from falling out of user's pockets. 11. The apparel of claim 8, wherein the suitable position includes any position in or on atleast one of an upper apparel, a lower apparel, an inner apparel or any combination thereof. 