In one technique of the present invention, DC electric power from a DC bus is inverted to provide AC electricity to one or more electrical loads, and AC power from a power generating device is rectified to provide a first variable amount of electric power to the DC bus. This technique also includes determining power applied to the electrical loads, and dynamically controlling the amount of power supplied from the power generating device and an electrical energy storage device in response to the power applied to the loads.
Claims 1. A method, comprising: rectifying AC output power from a power generating device to provide a variable amount of electric power to a DC bus; inverting DC electric power from the DC bus to provide AC electric power to one or more AC electrical loads; measuring an AC power demand by the one or more AC electrical loads; determining a difference between the AC output power from the power generating device and the AC power demand; and controlling a power storage device to provide power to or absorb power from the DC bus based on the difference. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: based on the difference, increasing, decreasing, or maintaining the AC output power of the power generating device to meet the AC power demand of the one or more AC electrical loads. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising: monitoring the one or more AC electrical loads to determine if the AC power demand has changed; and based on a change in the AC power demand, adjusting the AC output power of the power generating device to meet the AC power demand of the one or more AC electrical loads. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the power storage device does not provide power to or absorb power from the DC bus when the difference is approximately zero. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising: carrying a system including the power generating device, the power storage device, and the one or more AC electrical loads with a vehicle. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising: charging the power storage device with DC power from the DC bus. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising: providing DC power to one or more DC electrical loads connected to the DC bus; monitoring a DC power demand of the one or more DC electrical loads; and based on the DC power demand, adjusting the AC output power of the power generating device to meet the DC power demand and the AC power demand. 8. An apparatus, comprising: an inverter to provide AC electrical power to one or more AC electrical loads; a variable voltage DC bus electrically coupled to the inverter to provide DC electric power to the inverter; a power generating device to supply a variable AC power output; a rectifier electrically coupled between the power generating device and the variable voltage DC bus to provide DC electric power rectified from the AC power output; a controllable converter electrically coupled to the variable voltage DC bus and an electrical energy storage apparatus electrically coupled to the controllable converter to provide DC electric power to the variable voltage DC bus; a sensing arrangement to detect a change in a power demand in the one or more AC electrical loads; and control circuitry responsive to the change in the power demand to adjust the AC power output of the power generating device to meet the AC power demand and to adjust the DC electric power from the converter to provide power to or absorb power from the DC bus. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising: a vehicle carrying the inverter, DC bus, converter, power generating device, rectifier, sensing arrangement, and control circuitry. 10. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the power generating device includes a variable speed generator driven by an internal combustion engine and means for adjusting a rotational speed of the generator. 11. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the energy storage apparatus includes at least one battery. 12. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the control circuitry includes a processor with means for dynamically controlling power sharing between the power generating device and the storage apparatus. 13. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the power generating device includes a fuel cell. 14. A method, comprising: conditioning output power from a first type of power source to provide electric power to a DC bus; inverting DC electric power from the DC bus to provide AC electric power to one or more AC electrical loads; measuring an AC power demand by the one or more AC electrical loads; monitoring a power output capacity of the first type of power source; determining a difference between the power output capacity of the first type of power source and the AC power demand; controlling a power storage device to provide power to the DC bus based on the difference; and providing power from a second type of power source to the DC bus to meet the power demand of the one or more AC electrical loads when the power output capacity of the first type of power source is less than the AC power demand. 15. The method of claim 15, further comprising: rectifying AC output power from the second type of power source to provide electric power to the DC bus. 16. The method of claim 14, further comprising: monitoring the one or more AC electrical loads to determine if the AC power demand has changed; and based on a change in the AC power demand, adjusting the AC output power of the second type of power source such that the electric power on the DC bus meets the AC power demand of the one or more AC electrical loads. 17. The method of claim 1, wherein the power storage device does not provide power to or absorb power from the DC bus when the difference is approximately zero. 18. The method of claim 1, further comprising: charging the power storage device with DC power from the DC bus. 19. The method of claim 1, further comprising: providing DC power to one or more DC electrical loads coupled to the DC bus through a converter; monitoring a DC power demand of the one or more DC electrical loads; and based on the DC power demand, adjusting the AC output power of the second type of power source such that the electric power on the DC bus meets the AC power demand and the DC power demand. 20. An apparatus, comprising: an inverter to provide AC electrical power to one or more AC electrical loads; a variable voltage DC bus electrically coupled to the inverter to provide DC electric power to the inverter; a first type of power source to supply a power output; power conditioning electronics electrically coupled between the first type of power source and the variable voltage DC bus to provide DC electric power conditioned from the power output; a first controllable converter electrically coupled to the variable voltage DC bus and an electrical energy storage apparatus electrically coupled to the first controllable converter to provide DC electric power to the variable voltage DC bus; a second type of power source to supply a AC power output; a rectifier electrically coupled between the second type of power source and the variable voltage DC bus to provide DC electric power rectified from the AC power output; and control circuitry to detect a change in an AC power demand in the one or more AC electrical loads, the control circuitry being responsive to the change in the AC power demand to adjust the DC electric power from the converter to provide power to or absorb power from the DC bus, wherein the control circuitry is structured to monitor a power output capacity of the first type of power source and activate the second type of power source to provide power to the DC bus to meet the AC power demand of the one or more AC electrical loads when the power output capacity of the first type of power source is less than the AC power demand. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, further comprising: a second converter electrically coupled between the DC bus and one or more DC electrical loads to provide DC electric power to the DC loads. 22. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the first type of power source includes a wind power source. 23. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the first type of power source includes a solar power source. 24. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the second type of power source includes a generator driven by an internal combustion engine. 25. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the second type of power source includes a fuel cell. 26. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the energy storage apparatus includes at least one battery. 