A deployable radiator arrangement for cooling a geostationary earth orbit spacecraft is provided. In some aspects, the geostationary earth orbit spacecraft may comprise first and second deployable radiators mounted on an east or west surface of the spacecraft when stowed. The first and second deployable radiators are configured to rotate into a north and south facing position, respectively, when deployed. The geostationary earth orbit spacecraft may further comprise first and second fixed radiators disposed on a north and south surface of the spacecraft, respectively. The first and second deployable radiators are thermally coupled to the first and second fixed radiators, respectively.
Claims 1. A geostationary earth orbit spacecraft comprising: first and second deployable radiators mounted on an east or west surface of the spacecraft when stowed, wherein the first and second deployable radiators are configured to rotate into a north and south facing position, respectively, when deployed, and first and second fixed radiators disposed on a north and south surface of the spacecraft, respectively, wherein the first and second deployable radiators are thermally coupled to the first and second fixed radiators, respectively. 2. The geostationary earth orbit spacecraft of claim 1, further comprising: third and fourth deployable radiators mounted on an opposite surface from the first and second deployable radiators when stowed, wherein the third and fourth deployable radiators are configured to rotate into the north and south facing position, respectively, when deployed; and wherein the third and fourth deployable radiators are thermally coupled to the first and second fixed radiators, respectively. 3. The geostationary earth orbit spacecraft of claim 1, wherein each of the first and second deployable radiators are configured to rotate approximately 90 degrees from a stowed position to a deployed position. 4. The geostationary earth orbit spacecraft of claim 3, wherein the stowed position for the first deployable radiator is on top of the second deployable radiator. 5. The geostationary earth orbit spacecraft of claim 3, wherein the stowed position for the second deployable radiator is on top of the first deployable radiator. 6. The geostationary earth orbit spacecraft of claim 1, further comprising: a heat pipe disposed within the first deployable radiator and the first fixed radiator, the heat pipe configured with a flexible section for facilitating rotation of the first deployable radiator with respect to the first fixed radiator. 7. The geostationary earth orbit spacecraft of claim 6, wherein the heat pipe is further configured to transport a heated vapor from an evaporator pump to the first deployable radiator for cooling and condensing of the heated vapor into a liquid, wherein the liquid is returned to the evaporator pump by the heat pipe. 8. The geostationary earth orbit spacecraft of claim 1, wherein the east or west surface of the spacecraft is substantially flat. 9. The geostationary earth orbit spacecraft of claim 1, wherein the first and second deployable radiators have no cutouts for accommodating a solar array. 10. The geostationary earth orbit spacecraft of claim 1, wherein the first and second deployable radiators have no cutouts for accommodating an antenna. 11. The geostationary earth orbit spacecraft of claim 1, wherein each of the first and second deployable radiators have a surface area of about 43 ft.sup.2. 12. The geostationary earth orbit spacecraft of claim 1, wherein each of the first and second deployable radiators provides about 900 Watts of thermal rejection. 13. A method for cooling a geostationary earth orbit spacecraft, the method comprising: mounting first and second deployable radiators on an east or west surface of the spacecraft; mounting first and second fixed radiators on a north and south surface of the spacecraft, respectively; thermally coupling the first and second deployable radiators to the first and second fixed radiators, respectively; and deploying the first and second deployable radiators by rotating the first and second deployable radiators into a north and south facing position, respectively. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the method further comprises: mounting third and fourth deployable radiators on an opposite surface from the first and second deployable radiators; thermally coupling the third and fourth deployable radiators to the first and second fixed radiators, respectively; and deploying the third and fourth deployable radiators by rotating the third and fourth deployable radiators into the north and south facing position, respectively. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein the rotating further comprises rotating each of the first and second deployable radiators approximately 90 degrees from a stowed position to a deployed position. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the stowed position for the first deployable radiator is on top of the second deployable radiator. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein the stowed position for the second deployable radiator is on top of the first deployable radiator. 18. The method of claim 13, wherein the method further comprises: disposing a heat pipe within the first deployable radiator and the first fixed radiator, the heat pipe configured with a flexible section for facilitating rotation of the first deployable radiator with respect to the first fixed radiator. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the method further comprises: transporting a vapor via the heat pipe from an evaporator pump to the first deployable radiator; cooling and condensing the heated vapor into a liquid; and returning the liquid via the heat pipe to the evaporator pump. 20. The method of claim 13, wherein the east or west surface of the spacecraft is substantially flat. 21. The method of claim 13, wherein the first and second deployable radiators have no cutouts for accommodating a solar array. 22. The method of claim 13, wherein the first and second deployable radiators have no cutouts for accommodating an antenna. 23. The method of claim 13, wherein each of the first and second deployable radiators have a surface area of about 43 ft.sup.2. 24. The method of claim 13, wherein each of the first and second deployable radiators provides about 900 Watts of thermal rejection. 