A method and apparatus for forming a solar cell. The apparatus includes a housing defining a vacuum chamber and a rotatable substrate apparatus configured to hold a plurality of substrates on a plurality of surfaces wherein each of the plurality of surfaces are disposed facing an interior surface of the vacuum chamber. A first sputtering source is configured to deposit a plurality of absorber layer atoms of a first type over at least a portion of a surface of each one of the plurality of substrates. An evaporation source is disposed in a first subchamber of the vacuum chamber and configured to deposit a plurality of absorber layer atoms of a second type over at least a portion of the surface of each one of the plurality of substrates. A first isolation source is configured to isolate the evaporation source from the first sputtering source.
Claims 1. An apparatus for forming a solar cell, comprising: a housing defining a vacuum chamber; a rotatable substrate apparatus configured to hold a plurality of substrates on a plurality of surfaces wherein each of the plurality of surfaces is disposed facing an interior surface of the vacuum chamber; a first sputtering source configured to deposit a plurality of absorber layer atoms of a first type over at least a portion of a surface of each one of the plurality of substrates; an evaporation source disposed in a first subchamber of the vacuum chamber and configured to deposit a plurality of absorber layer atoms of a second type over at least a portion of the surface of each one of the plurality of substrates; and a first isolation source configured to isolate the evaporation source from the first sputtering source. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the first isolation source comprises one or more of an isolation pump. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the first isolation source comprises: a vacuum pump disposed within the first subchamber to maintain the pressure in the first subchamber lower than the pressure in the vacuum chamber outside of the first subchamber. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a heater apparatus configured to heat the plurality of substrates, wherein the substrate apparatus is polygonally-shaped, and wherein the heater apparatus has a shape that is substantially conformal with the shape of the substrate apparatus. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a second sputtering source configured to deposit a plurality of absorber layer atoms of a third type over at least a portion of the surface of each one of the plurality of substrates. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the first and second sputtering sources are disposed adjacent to each other within the vacuum chamber. 7. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the first and second sputtering sources are disposed on opposing sides of the vacuum chamber. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, further comprising: an isolation baffle disposed about the evaporation source. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising: a first isolation pump disposed between the evaporation source and the second sputtering source; and wherein the first isolation source comprises a second isolation pump disposed between the evaporation source and the first sputtering source. 10. The apparatus of claim 5, further comprising: a third sputtering source disposed in a second subchamber of the vacuum chamber and configured to deposit a buffer layer over the surface of each one of the plurality of substrates; a second isolation source configured to isolate the evaporation source from the second sputtering source; and a third isolation source configured to isolate the evaporation source from the third sputtering source. 11. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the first type comprises copper, the second type comprises selenium and the third type comprises indium. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the first sputtering source is configured to deposit a plurality of absorber layer atoms of a first type and a fourth type over at least a portion of the surface of each one of the plurality of substrates, and wherein the fourth type is gallium. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a monitoring device to monitor a process parameter in the vacuum chamber. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a rotatable drum disposed within the vacuum chamber and coupled to a first surface of the vacuum chamber, the rotatable drum having a shape that is substantially conformal with the shape of the substrate apparatus. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of surfaces of the substrate apparatus are disposed at a predetermined tilt angle relative to the interior surface of the vacuum chamber. 16. A method of forming a solar cell, comprising: disposing a plurality of substrates about a plurality of surfaces of a substrate apparatus that is operatively coupled to rotate within a vacuum chamber; rotating the substrate apparatus; forming an absorber monolayer over a surface of each one of the plurality of substrates, the step of forming comprising: depositing a plurality of copper and gallium atoms over at least a portion of the surface of each one of the plurality of substrates using a first sputtering source; depositing a plurality of selenium atoms over at least a portion of the surface using an evaporation source; depositing a plurality of indium atoms over at least a portion of the surface of each one of the plurality of substrates using a second sputtering source; and reacting the plurality of copper, gallium, and indium atoms with the plurality of selenium atoms to form the absorber monolayer; and repeating the step of forming to form an absorber layer. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising a step of evacuating atoms from the vacuum chamber to prevent contamination of the first and second sputtering sources, wherein the evacuating comprises: evacuating a plurality of selenium atoms from the vacuum chamber using a first isolation pump disposed between the evaporation source and the first sputtering source and a second isolation pump disposed between the evaporation source and the second sputtering source. 18. The method of claim 16, further comprising: depositing a buffer layer over the absorber layer of each one of the plurality of substrates using a third sputtering source disposed in a subchamber of the vacuum chamber. 19. The method of claim 16, wherein each one of the formed monolayers of the absorber layer comprises a composition of 20 to 24% copper, 4 to 14% gallium, 10 to 24% indium and 49 to 53% selenium. 20. An apparatus for forming a solar cell, comprising: a housing defining a vacuum chamber; a rotatable substrate apparatus configured to hold a plurality of substrates on a plurality of surfaces wherein each of the plurality of surfaces are disposed facing an interior surface of the vacuum chamber; a first sputtering source configured to deposit a plurality of copper and gallium atoms over at least a portion of the surface of each one of the plurality of substrates; an evaporation source disposed in a first subchamber of the vacuum chamber and configured to deposit a plurality of selenium atoms over at least a portion of the surface of each one of the plurality of substrates; a second sputtering source configured to deposit a plurality of indium atoms over at least a portion of the surface of each one of the plurality of substrates; a third sputtering source disposed in a second subchamber of the vacuum chamber and configured to deposit a buffer layer over the surface of each one of the plurality of substrates; and an evacuation source configured to evacuate atoms from the vacuum chamber to prevent contamination of the first and second sputtering sources. 