Method and an apparatus for giving notifications such as sound, ring-tone, vibration, e-mails, text messages, or phone calls to users when a physical item such as doors, gates, windows, cars, or household items have been moved from its original location, or has its orientation changed, comprising a tag manager connected to the Internet, and one or more sensor tags coupled to the tag manager through wireless connection. Notifications may also be given when the physical item has returned to its original orientation. Notifications may also be given when communication link is disrupted. Methods are provided to reduce power consumption of each sensor tag sufficiently to allow powered solely from an energy harvesting unit, such as one comprising a solar panel, without requiring need of battery maintenance. The users may configure and control the tag manager and each sensor tag, and issue commands to each sensor tag, from the Internet.
Claims 1. A system for allowing users to monitor and receive notification through the Internet on movement of physical items comprising, one tag manager, one or more sensor tags, and one or more Internet servers, wherein said tag manager is wirelessly coupled to each one of said sensor tags, and said tag manager being capable of connecting to the Internet, wherein said tag manager comprising: a first control circuit; a memory device coupled to said first control circuit for storing identification information; a first wireless transceiver circuit coupled to said first control circuit for initiating wireless transmission to and receiving response from each one of said sensor tags; a means to receive wireless transmission from each one of said sensor tags; a transceiver circuit for connecting to the Internet; and said sensor tag comprising: a second control circuit; a second wireless transceiver circuit coupled to said second control circuit for sending and receiving wireless transmission to and from said tag manager; a memory device coupled to said second control circuit for storing identification information; a sensor device for detecting movement; a means to transmit readings of said sensor device to said tag manager; and a means for timing control coupled to said second control circuit for periodically activating for a short period of time and then de-activating said wireless signal transceiver circuit and said sensor device, thereby significantly reducing average power consumption of said sensor tag to allow a long battery life. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said sensor tag is powered by a rechargeable battery, and further includes: a solar panel coupled to a solar battery charger circuit, said solar battery charger circuit being capable of extracting electrical energy from said solar panel when available and charging said rechargeable battery, and providing a stable supply voltage for powering said second control circuit, said second wireless transceiver and said sensor device. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein said Internet servers comprise one or more Web servers comprising: a means to receive an event from said tag manager and; a means to notify users as a result of said event received from said tag manager, by one selected from the group consisting of making a phone call, sending a text message, sending a Push Notification Message, sending a Cloud to Device Message, and sending an email message. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein said sensor device for detecting movement comprises a multi-dimensional magnetic sensor with sufficient sensitivity to measure the magnetic field of the Earth. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein said sensor device for detecting movement comprises an acceleration sensor with sufficient sensitivity to measure the gravitational pull of the Earth. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein said means to transmit readings of said sensor device further includes a means to try receiving an acknowledgement from said tag manager, and if said acknowledgement is not successfully received, to repeat transmission of said readings until said acknowledgement is successfully received, or the number of transmission exceeds a predetermined value. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein said sensor tag further includes a means to periodically transmit a ping packet to said tag manager, and a means to try receiving acknowledgement from said tag manager in response to said ping packet, and if said acknowledgement is not successfully received, to repeat transmission of said ping packet until said acknowledgement is successfully received, or the number of transmission exceeds a predetermined value. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein said sensor tag further includes an audible signal generator circuit coupled to said second control circuit for generating audible signals upon activation by said second control circuit in response to a command from said web server, whereby helping user locating said sensor tags that are within audible distance from the user. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein said second control circuit further includes a means to automatically stop generating audible signals when said sensor device detects movement. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein said tag manager and said sensor tag further include a plurality of non-volatile memory device to store identification information to prevent said information from being lost when power supply is absent. 11. A method for allowing users to monitor and receive notification through the Internet on movement of physical items comprising the steps of: periodically powering-on a sensor device selected from the group consisting of magnetic sensor and acceleration sensor, and taking a measurement by using said sensor device; periodically powering-off said sensor device, thereby significantly reducing average power consumption to allow a long battery life; when a new result from said measurement is substantially different from a result from a previous measurement, activating a first wireless transceiver to transmit a data packet containing said new result; activating a second wireless transceiver to receive said data packet; and when said data packet has been received, sending first information contained in said data packet to an Internet server. 12. A method in accordance with claim 11 and comprising the additional step of After receiving said first information, sending notifications through the Internet to an end user by one selected from the group consisting of making a phone call, sending a text message, sending a Push Notification Message, sending a Cloud to Device Message, and sending an email message. 13. A method in accordance with claim 11 and comprising the additional steps of harvesting solar energy when said solar energy is available, and using harvested energy to charge a rechargeable battery and to provide power supply to said sensor device and said first wireless transceiver; and when said solar energy is insufficient, providing power supply to said sensor device and said first wireless transceiver from said rechargeable battery to allow said sensor device and said first wireless transceiver to continue to function. 14. A method in accordance with claim 11 and comprising the additional steps of activating said second wireless transceiver in transmit mode in order to transmit a first acknowledgement after receiving said data packet; activating said first wireless transceiver in receive mode in order to receive a first acknowledgement after transmitting said data packet; and when said first acknowledgement is not received, repeating transmission of said data packet until an acknowledgement is successfully received, or the number of transmission exceeds a predetermined value. 15. A method in accordance with claim 11 and comprising the additional steps of periodically activating said first wireless transceiver in transmit mode in order to transmit a ping packet which contains identification information identifying said first wireless transceiver; activating said second wireless transceiver in receive mode in order to receive said ping packet; activating said second wireless transceiver in transmit mode in order to transmit a second acknowledgement after receiving said ping packet; activating said first wireless transceiver in receive mode in order to receive said second acknowledgement after transmitting said ping packet; and when said second acknowledgement is not received, repeating transmission of said ping packet until an acknowledgement is successfully received, or the number of transmission exceeds a predetermined value; when said ping packet has been received, sending said identification information contained in said ping packet to an Internet server; and storing said identification information and current time in a database that is accessed by said Internet server. 16. A method in accordance with claim 15 and comprising the additional steps of periodically retrieving said identification information and time from said database; calculating difference between retrieved time and current time; if the difference is larger than a predetermined threshold, sending notification messages to an end user, through the Internet by one selected from the group consisting of making a phone call, sending a text message, sending a Push Notification Message, sending a Cloud to Device Message, and sending an email message. 17. A method in accordance with claim 15 and comprising the additional steps of periodically retrieving said identification information and time from said database; calculating difference between retrieved time and current time; if the difference is larger than a predetermined threshold, marking each one of said first wireless transceiver identified by first said identification information in said database; periodically sending a wireless transmission targeting each marked wireless transceiver; and if a response to said wireless transmission is received, unmarking said targeted wireless transceiver in said database. 