Hardened amalgams formed from copper mixed with liquid gallium or liquid gallium-indium alloys are used to fabricate sputter targets comprised of copper, gallium and indium (CIG) and targets of selenides of copper, gallium and indium (CIGS). Amalgam hardening occurs by formation of intermetallic compounds at or near ambient temperature as a result of reaction between liquid metals and solid metals in powder form.
Claims 1. A method comprising: forming an amalgam paste using a mixture of a solid metal or metals and a liquid metal or metals; forming a sputter target using the amalgam paste. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein using a grinding apparatus to mix the solid metal or metals and the liquid metal or metals, the grinding apparatus being a pestle in a mortar or a ball mill or the like. 3. The method of claim 1, including heating the mixture to a temperature of mixing is sufficient to liquefy a pure metal or metals or a pre-mixed alloy to provide said liquid metal or metals. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the liquid metal or metals comprises an indium-gallium mixture, and the temperature of mixing is between 14.degree. C. and 160.degree. C. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the solid metal is copper in the form of powder and the liquid metal comprises gallium. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the mixture comprises solid copper as powder and liquid gallium metal, forming the sputtering target further including: loading the amalgam paste into a shaped mold cavity; hardening the amalgam paste in the shaped mold cavity into a form suitable for use as a sputter target. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the mixture comprises liquid gallium, copper in the form of powder, shot, granules or pieces and indium in the form of powder, shot, granules or pieces, the mixture used in forming the amalgam paste which can be poured or loaded into a shape. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the mixture comprises copper in the form of powder, shot, granules or pieces and a liquid gallium-indium alloy, the mixture used in forming the amalgam paste which can be poured or loaded into a shape. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the mixture comprises copper in the form of powder, shot, granules or pieces and indium, and including heating the mixture to temperatures greater than an indium melting temperature, the mixture used in forming the amalgam paste which can be poured or loaded into a shape. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the mixture comprises selenium in the form of powder, shot, granules or pieces, the mixture suitable for adding to a selenium content of the sputtering target, the sputtering target comprised of a CIG alloy or a CIGS composition and thus contributing selenium to a thin layer sputtered from the sputtering target. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the mixture comprises selenide compounds of copper, indium, gallium or combinations thereof in the form of powder, shot, granules or pieces, the mixture suitable for adding to a selenide content of the sputtering target, the sputtering target comprised of a CIG alloy or a CIGS composition and thus contributing selenide to a thin layer sputtered from the sputtering target. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the mixture comprises materials including sodium, sulfur or aluminum in element or compound form, the materials in the form of powder, shot, granules or pieces and contributing to the efficiency of CIGS solar cells when incorporated in the composition of the CIGS absorber layer. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein the mixture comprises sulfur-containing compounds of copper, indium, gallium or combinations thereof in the form of powder, shot, granules or pieces, the sulfur-containing compounds adding to a sulfur content of the sputtering target comprised of a CIG alloy or a CIGS composition and thus contributing to the sulfur content of a thin layer sputtered from the sputtering target. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the mixture comprises aluminum-containing alloys or compounds of copper, indium, gallium, sulfur, selenium or combinations thereof in the form of powder, shot, granules or pieces, the aluminum-containing alloys or compounds adding to an aluminum content of the sputtering target comprised of a CIG alloy or a CIGS composition and thus contributing to the aluminum content of a thin layer sputtered from the sputtering target. 15. The method of claim 6, wherein the shaped cavity mold is formed in a structure of copper or aluminum alloy or stainless steel, the structure containing the amalgam paste during baking treatment for hardening the mixture and wherein said structure thereafter serves as the backing plate for the sputtering target, said backing plate including connections to provide electrical power, internal channels for the passage of cooling fluid and vacuum seals for attachment to a vacuum chamber. 16. The method of claim 6, wherein the shaped cavity mold is a flat tray structure comprised of a thin metal sheet of copper, aluminum alloy or stainless steel, the shaped cavity mold containing the amalgam paste during baking treatment for hardening the mixture and thereafter serving as a starting sheet, a flat bottom of the flat tray structure being bonded to a backing plate of similar dimensions with a solder material. 17. The method of claim 6, wherein a cylindrical sputter target is constructed by pouring and compacting the amalgam paste into the shaped mold cavity, the shaped mold cavity including an annular space formed between outer and inner concentric cylinders, an outer surface of the inner cylinder being the backing surface for the sputtering target, an outer coaxial tube forming the outer cylinder, the outer coaxial tube being removable when the amalgam paste has hardened sufficiently to form the sputter target, the sputter target in bonded combination with the inner cylinder backing plate. 18. The method of claim 6 wherein a cylindrical sputter target is formed by stacking a plurality of short ring-shaped segments, the short ring-shaped segments being made by pouring and compacting the amalgam paste into the shaped mold cavity, the shaped mold cavity being a short annular mold that is used to create each of the short ring-shaped segments, the short ring-shaped segments after being separated from the shaped mold cavity are then fitted onto a central tubular backing cylinder to form a stack of a multiplicity of short ring-shaped segments that form the cylindrical sputter target, the cylindrical sputter target assembled by heating to form a solder bond between surfaces of contact between adjacent rings and a solder bond between surfaces of contact between the outer surface of the central metal backing cylinder and the inner surfaces of the short ring-shaped segments. 19. A method for forming a thin film, comprising: providing a sputter target comprising a hardened amalgam paste; mounting the sputter target and a work piece in a sputter chamber; and causing sputtering of material from the sputter target onto the work piece. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein said hardened amalgam paste comprises gallium, copper and indium. 