Systems and devices for deploying solar modules. A ladder frame having multiple solar modules is hinged with a base. The ladder frame is coupled to the base and is rotatable about an edge axis. Each one of the multiple solar modules is connected to the ladder frame by a panel frame, with the panel frame joining the solar modules to the ladder frame. Each panel frame can be independently rotatable about its own panel axis. The ladder frame is actuated by at least one base motor, with the inclination of the ladder frame being determined by the at least one base motor. Each panel frame (and the solar module attached to it) can be rotated by at least one panel motor. The system may be controlled by a control computer that, throughout the day, adjusts the deployment of the ladder frame and the angle of the solar modules to maximise the exposure of the solar modules to direct sunlight. The system may also be used for advertising by deploying advertising panels in place of or in addition to the solar modules.
Claims 1. A system for mounting at least one solar module, the system comprising: a base a ladder frame comprising at least one solar module, said ladder frame being hinged with said base at a base edge of said ladder frame, said ladder frame being rotatable about an edge axis adjacent and parallel to said base edge. wherein each of said at least one module comprises a solar module coupled to a panel frame, said solar panel and panel frame being rotatable about a panel axis, said panel axis being parallel to an edge of said solar panel. 2. A system according to claim 1 wherein said system further comprises base motor means for adjustably rotating said ladder frame about said edge axis such that said ladder frame forms an angle with said base. 3. A system according to claim 1 wherein said system further comprises at least one panel frame motor means for each of said plurality of modules, each panel motor means being for adjustably rotating a module about its panel axis. 4. A system according to claim 1 wherein said system further comprises motor control means for controlling motors which adjustably rotate said ladder frame about said edge axis. 5. A system according to claim 4 wherein said motor control means further controls motors which adjustably rotate said solar modules about their panel frame axes. 6. A system according to claim 4 wherein said motor control means are controlled by a sun positioning control subsystem, said sun control subsystem being for tracking said sun and for adjusting a deployment of said ladder frame to maximize an exposure to the sun of said solar modules. 7. A system according to claim 5 wherein said motor control means are controlled by a sun positioning control subsystem, said sun control subsystem being for tracking said sun and for adjusting a deployment of said solar modules to maximize an exposure to the sun of said solar modules. 8. A system according to claim 1 wherein each solar module is rotatably independent of other solar modules in said ladder frame. 9. A system according to claim 1 wherein each panel axis is perpendicular to said edge axis. 10. A system according to claim 1 wherein a tilt angle of said module and a deployment of said ladder frame are controlled by a control computer. 11. A system according to claim 10 further including a weather station for determining prevailing weather conditions, wherein said weather station sends readings to said control computer, said control computer using said readings to determine a suitable tilt angle for said modules and deployment for said frame. 12. A mounting system for mounting a plurality of movable panels, the system comprising: a base; a ladder frame comprising a plurality of panels, said ladder frame being hinged with said base at a base edge of said ladder frame, said ladder frame being rotatable about an edge axis adjacent and parallel to said base edge; wherein each of said plurality of panels comprises a panel coupled to said ladder frame by a panel frame, said panel and panel frame being rotatable about a panel axis, said panel axis being parallel to an edge of said panel. 13. A system according to claim 12 wherein at least one side of said panel is used for advertising. 14. A system according to claim 12 wherein at least one of said panels is a solar panel for converting solar energy into electricity. 