A solar power generation system includes an array of photovoltaic modules, a plurality of positive wire lines leading from the photovoltaic modules, and a junction box including components for receiving the plurality of conductive wire lines from the photovoltaic modules and combining the plurality of conductive wire lines into a smaller number of conductive wire lines leading from the junction box and toward a load. An in-line fuse is connected to each of the positive wire lines leading from the photovoltaic modules. The in-line fuses are positioned proximate but physically outside of the junction box, such that the fuses are accessible without opening the junction box.
Claims 1. A solar power generation system, comprising: an array of photovoltaic modules; a plurality of positive wire lines leading from the photovoltaic modules; a junction box including components for receiving the plurality of positive wire lines from the photovoltaic modules and combining the plurality of positive wire lines into a smaller number of positive wire lines leading from the junction box and toward a load; a plurality of in-line fuses, each connected in-line to one of the positive wire lines leading from the photovoltaic modules; wherein the plurality of in-line fuses are positioned proximate but physically outside of the junction box, such that the fuses are accessible without opening the junction box. 2. The system according to claim 1, wherein the positive wire lines leading from the photovoltaic modules are connected to external connection interfaces of the junction box by manual connectors configured to allow connection and disconnection of the positive wire lines without opening the junction box. 3. The system according to claim 1, wherein: the positive wire lines include one or more wire harnesses forming a first length of the positive wire lines proximate the junction box, and each wire harness including: a plurality of wire line connectors at one end of the wire harness, each wire line connector connected to a second length of one of the positive wire lines leading back to one of the photovoltaic modules; a manual connector at another end of the wire harness, the manual connector configured to releasably connect to an external connection interface of the junction box; the first length of each positive wire line extending between one of the wire line connectors and the manual connector; and an in-line fuse connected in-line to the first length of each positive wire line. 4. The system according to claim 3, wherein the manual connector of each wire harness is configured for releasable connection to a power distribution block housed inside the junction box. 5. The system according to claim 3, wherein each wire harness comprises a fused cable whip. 6. The system according to claim 1, further comprising a plurality of negative wire lines leading from the photovoltaic modules; a plurality of additional in-line fuses, each connected in-line to one of the negative wire lines leading from the photovoltaic modules; wherein the plurality of additional in-line fuses are positioned proximate but physically outside of the junction box, such that the fuses are accessible without opening the junction box. 7. The system according to claim 1, further including a disconnect switch and a surge protector housed in the junction box. 8. The system according to claim 1, wherein the junction box is a combiner or a recombiner. 9. The system according to claim 1, wherein: the junction box is a combiner; and the system further comprises a DC-to-AC inverter downstream of the combiner. 10. The system according to claim 1, wherein: the junction box is a combiner; and the system further comprises a recombiner downstream of the combiner, and a DC-to-AC inverter downstream of the recombiner. 11. The system according to claim 1, wherein each individual in-line fuse is replaceable or serviceable without opening the junction box. 12. The system according to claim 1, wherein each individual positive wire line can be electrically disconnected from the system at the at the manually disconnecting the corresponding in-line fuse without opening the junction box. 13. An externally-fused combiner arrangement for a solar power generation system, comprising: a combiner box including components for receiving a plurality of positive wire lines from an array of photovoltaic modules and combining the plurality of positive wire lines into a smaller number of conductive wire lines leading from the combiner box and toward a load; a plurality of in-line fuses, each connected in-line to one of the positive wire lines received at the combiner box; wherein the plurality of in-line fuses are positioned proximate but physically outside of the combiner box, such that the fuses are accessible without opening the junction box. 14. The externally-fused combiner arrangement according to claim 13, wherein the combiner box includes external connection interfaces for releasable manual connection of manual connectors of the positive wire lines without opening the junction box. 15. The externally-fused combiner arrangement according to claim 13, comprising one or more wire harnesses forming a first length of each positive wire line received at the combiner box, and each wire harness including: a plurality of wire line connectors at one end of the wire harness, each wire line connector connected to a second length of one of the positive wire lines leading back to array of photovoltaic modules; a manual connector at another end of the wire harness, the manual connector configured to releasably connect to an external connection interface of the junction box; the first length of each positive wire line extending between one of the wire line connectors and the manual connector; and an in-line fuse connected in-line to the first length of each positive wire line. 16. The externally-fused combiner arrangement according to claim 15, wherein the manual connector of each wire harness is configured for releasable connection to a power distribution block housed inside the junction box. 17. The externally-fused combiner arrangement according to claim 13, comprising a disconnect switch and a surge protector housed in the combiner box. 18. The externally-fused combiner arrangement according to claim 13, wherein the combiner box comprises a recombiner box, and wherein the plurality of positive wire lines are received from a plurality of combiner boxes upstream of the recombiner box. 19. The externally-fused combiner arrangement according to claim 13, wherein each individual positive wire line can be electrically disconnected from the system at the at the manually disconnecting the corresponding in-line fuse without opening the junction box. 20. A method for replacing or servicing a fuse in a solar power generation system, comprising: accessing a combiner arrangement including (a) a combiner box including components for receiving a plurality of positive wire lines from an array of photovoltaic modules and combining the plurality of positive wire lines into a smaller number of conductive wire lines leading from the combiner box and toward a load; and (b) a plurality of in-line fuses, each connected in-line to one of the positive wire lines received at the combiner box, the plurality of in-line fuses being positioned proximate but physically outside of the combiner box; servicing at least one of the in-line fuses without opening the junction box. 