The bladeless turbine includes a case, three or more turbine discs disposed within the case. Each turbine disc has a center opening, and two or more of the turbine discs have a set of exhaust ports positioned annularly around the center opening. A drive shaft passes through the center openings of the turbine discs and is attached to the three or more turbine discs, wherein the drive shaft is positioned within the case along the centerline, free to rotate within the case, and extends through the case for connection to a generator. The one or more fluid/vapor inlets are attached to the main housing such that a fluid/vapor is directed at a specified angle onto the three or more turbine discs. The fluid/vapor outlet is aligned with the centerline. A set of exhaust holes proximate to and connected to the fluid/vapor outlet that are positioned annularly around the drive shaft.
Claims 1. A bladeless turbine comprising: a case comprising a main housing, a cover and a centerline; three or more turbine discs disposed within the case, wherein each turbine disc has a center opening, and two or more of the turbine discs have a set of exhaust ports positioned annularly around the center opening; a drive shaft passing through the center openings of the three or more turbine discs and attached to the three or more turbine discs, wherein the drive shaft is positioned within the case along the centerline, free to rotate within the case, and extends through the main housing for connection to a generator; one or more fluid/vapor inlets attached to the main housing such that a fluid/vapor is directed at a specified angle onto the three or more turbine discs; a fluid/vapor outlet in the cover and aligned with the centerline; a set of exhaust holes proximate to and connected to the fluid/vapor outlet that are positioned annularly around the drive shaft; and wherein the fluid/vapor causes the turbine discs to rotate, passes through the set of exhaust ports and the set of exhaust holes, and exits through the fluid/vapor outlet. 2. The bladeless turbine as recited in claim 1, wherein the set of exhaust ports and the set of exhaust holes are ellipse-shaped or oval-shaped. 3. The bladeless turbine as recited in claim 1, further comprising a first gasket between the main housing and the cover, a second gasket between each fluid/vapor inlet and the main housing, and a labyrinth seal formed by shape and positioning of the turbine discs, the main housing, the case and the drive shaft. 4. The bladeless turbine as recited in claim 1, wherein each fluid/vapor inlet comprises a wedge-shaped jet, the specified angle is between 50 and 55 degrees, and the wedge-shaped jet has an angle of approximately 40 degrees. 5. The bladeless turbine as recited in claim 1, wherein the fluid/vapor comprises water, steam, a hydrocarbon or a refrigerant. 6. The bladeless turbine as recited in claim 1, wherein each of the turbine discs further comprise: a first set of holes substantially equally spaced from one another along a first radius from the centerline; and a second set of holes substantially equally spaced from one another along a second radius from the centerline. 7. The bladeless turbine as recited in claim 6, wherein the first radius is within a middle portion of the turbine disc, the second radius is proximate to a perimeter of the turbine disc, and the holes are spaced approximately 30 degrees from one another. 8. The bladeless turbine as recited in claim 1, wherein the drive shaft is a common shaft used by both the bladeless turbine and a generator or a machine. 9. The bladeless turbine as recited in claim 8, wherein only a first bearing located in the bladeless turbine and a second bearing is located in the generator or the machine are used to support the drive shaft. 10. The bladeless turbine as recited in claim 1, wherein the bladeless turbine has an efficiency equal to or greater than 50%. 11. The bladeless turbine as recited in claim 1, wherein the three or more turbine discs are substantially as shown in FIGS. 13A, 13B and 13C. 12. The bladeless turbine as recited in claim 1, wherein each fluid/vapor inlets is substantially as shown in FIG. 14. 13. The bladeless turbine as recited in claim 1, wherein the main housing is substantially as shown in FIG. 12A, the cover is substantially as shown in FIG. 12B, and the drive shaft is substantially as shown in FIG. 15. 14. The bladeless turbine as recited in claim 1, wherein the turbine is used in a solar energy system, a biomass combustion system, a geothermal heat system or an industrial waste heat recovery system. 15. A solar power system comprising: one or more solar collectors, each solar collector comprising (a) one or more support structures for securely mounting the solar collector to a surface, (b) a reflective parabolic trough for concentrating solar energy along a focal axis and attached to the support structure(s) to allow rotation of the reflective parabolic trough around a longitudinal axis, (c) one or more receiver tubes attached to the reflective parabolic trough along the focal axis, wherein each receiver tube comprises (i) a metal tube having an inlet, an outlet and a solar absorption coating, and (ii) a transparent tube having a first seal and a second seal to vacuum or hermetically seal the metal tube between approximately the inlet and the outlet within the transparent tube, and (d) a motor operably connected to the reflective parabolic trough to rotate the reflective parabolic trough around the longitudinal axis; a solar tracking device having one or more sensors to control the motor to align each solar collector to maximize the solar energy collected by the one or more receiver tubes; a bladeless fluid/vapor turbine having a drive shaft, one or more fluid/vapor inlets connected to the outlet of the receiver tube(s) and a fluid/vapor outlet connected to the inlet of the receiver tube(s), wherein the bladeless fluid/vapor turbine comprises: (a) a case comprising a main housing, a cover and a centerline, (b) three or more turbine discs disposed within the case, wherein each turbine disc has a center opening, and two or more of the turbine discs have a set of exhaust ports positioned annularly around the center opening, (c) the drive shaft passes through the center openings of the three or more turbine discs and is attached to the three or more turbine discs, wherein the drive shaft is positioned within the case along the centerline, free to rotate within the case, and extends through the main housing for connection to a generator, (d) the one or more fluid/vapor inlets are attached to the main housing such that a fluid/vapor is directed at a specified angle onto the three or more turbine discs, (e) the fluid/vapor outlet is disposed in the cover and aligned with the centerline, (f) a set of exhaust holes proximate to and connected to the fluid/vapor outlet that are positioned annularly around the drive shaft, and (g) wherein the fluid/vapor causes the turbine discs to rotate, passes through the set of exhaust ports and the set of exhaust holes, and exits through the fluid/vapor outlet; the generator connected to the drive shaft of the fluid/vapor turbine and having one or more electrical output terminals; and a controller connected to the motor, the solar tracking device, the fluid/vapor turbine and the generator to monitor and control the system. 16. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, wherein the one or more sensors of the solar tracking device comprises three or more photosensitive diodes disposed on the reflective parabolic trough such that when the reflective parabolic through is properly aligned: at least a first of the photosensitive diodes is positioned within a center of a shadow cast by the receiver tube(s), a least a second of the photosensitive diodes is positioned within and near a first edge of the shadow cast by the receiver tube(s), and a least a third of the photosensitive diodes is positioned within and near a second edge of the shadow cast by the receiver tube(s). 17. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, wherein the solar tracking device will position the solar collector at a previously recorded time-based position whenever the one or more sensors do not provide a position to maximize the solar energy collected by the receiver tube(s). 18. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, wherein the solar tracking device aligns each solar collector to maximize the solar energy collected by the receiver tube(s) regardless of weather conditions. 19. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, wherein the controller positions each solar collector to minimize damage in potentially damaging weather. 20. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, further comprising a user interface installed on a user device communicably coupled to the controller. 21. The solar power system as recited in claim 20, wherein: the user device comprises a computer, a laptop, a PDA, a phone, a mobile communications device or other electronic device; and the user device is communicably coupled to the controller via a direct connection, a network connection, a USB connection, a wireless network, a wide area network or a combination thereof. 22. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, further comprising: a pressure vessel connected between the inlet of the receiver tube(s) and the fluid/vapor outlet of the fluid/vapor turbine; a first operating pressure modulation valve and a temperature/pressure sensor connected between the outlet of the receiver tube(s) and the fluid/vapor inlet of the fluid/vapor turbine; and a second operating pressure modulation valve connected between the pressure vessel and the inlet of the receiver tube(s). 23. The solar power system as recited in claim 22, further comprising a primer/boost pump connected between the pressure vessel and the second operating pressure modulation valve. 24. The solar power system as recited in claim 22, further comprising: a secondary line connecting the pressure vessel to a hose or pipe between the outlet of the receiver tube(s) and the first operating pressure modulation valve; a third operating pressure modulation valve disposed in the secondary line; and a back flow prevention valve connected between the fluid/vapor outlet of the fluid/vapor turbine and the pressure vessel. 25. The solar power system as recited in claim 22, further comprising: a pressure relief valve attached to the pressure vessel; a fluid level sensor attached to the pressure vessel and communicably coupled to the controller; one or more additional temperature sensor and/or pressure sensors attached at various points in the system; one or more heat exchangers attached within the system; and a RPM sensor attached to the drive shaft and communicably coupled to the controller. 26. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, wherein the set of exhaust ports and the set of exhaust holes are ellipse-shaped or oval-shaped. 27. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, further comprising a first gasket between the main housing and the cover, a second gasket between each fluid/vapor inlet and the main housing, and a labyrinth seal formed by shape and positioning of the turbine discs, the main housing, the case and the drive shaft. 28. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, wherein each fluid/vapor inlet comprises a wedge-shaped jet, the specified angle is between 50 and 55 degrees, and the wedge-shaped jet has an angle of approximately 40 degrees. 29. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, wherein the fluid/vapor comprises water, steam, a hydrocarbon or a refrigerant. 30. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, wherein each of the turbine discs further comprise: a first set of holes substantially equally spaced from one another along a first radius from the centerline; and a second set of holes substantially equally spaced from one another along a second radius from the centerline. 31. The solar power system as recited in claim 30, wherein the first radius is within a middle portion of the turbine disc, the second radius is proximate to a perimeter of the turbine disc, and the holes are spaced approximately 30 degrees from one another. 32. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, wherein the drive shaft is a common shaft used by both the bladeless turbine and a generator or a machine. 33. The solar power system as recited in claim 32, wherein only a first bearing located in the bladeless turbine and a second bearing is located in the generator or the machine are used to support the drive shaft. 34. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, wherein the bladeless turbine has an efficiency equal to or greater than 50%. 35. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, wherein the three or more turbine discs are substantially as shown in FIGS. 13A, 13B and 13C. 36. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, wherein each fluid/vapor inlets is substantially as shown in FIG. 14. 37. The solar power system as recited in claim 15, wherein the main housing is substantially as shown in FIG. 12A, the cover is substantially as shown in FIG. 12B, and the drive shaft is substantially as shown in FIG. 15. 38. A solar power system comprising: one or more solar collectors, each solar collector comprising (a) one or more support structures for securely mounting the solar collector to a surface, (b) a reflective parabolic trough for concentrating solar energy along a focal axis and attached to the support structure(s) to allow rotation of the reflective parabolic trough around a longitudinal axis, (c) one or more receiver tubes attached to the reflective parabolic trough along the focal axis, wherein each receiver tube comprises (i) a metal tube having an inlet, an outlet and a solar absorption coating, and (ii) a transparent tube having a first seal and a second seal to vacuum or hermetically seal the metal tube between approximately the inlet and the outlet within the transparent tube, and (d) a motor operably connected to the reflective parabolic trough to rotate the reflective parabolic trough around the longitudinal axis; a solar tracking device having one or more sensors to control the motor to align each solar collector to maximize the solar energy collected by the one or more receiver tubes, wherein the sensors comprise three or more photosensitive diodes disposed on the reflective parabolic trough such that when the reflective parabolic through is properly aligned: at least a first of the photosensitive diodes is positioned within a center of a shadow cast by the receiver tube(s), a least a second of the photosensitive diodes is positioned within and near a first edge of the shadow cast by the receiver tube(s), and a least a third of the photosensitive diodes is positioned within and near a second edge of the shadow cast by the receiver tube(s); a bladeless fluid/vapor turbine having a drive shaft, one or more fluid/vapor inlets and a fluid/vapor outlet, wherein the bladeless fluid/vapor turbine comprises: (a) a case comprising a main housing, a cover and a centerline, (b) three or more turbine discs disposed within the case, wherein each turbine disc has a center opening, and two or more of the turbine discs have a set of exhaust ports positioned annularly around the center opening, (c) the drive shaft passes through the center openings of the three or more turbine discs and is attached to the three or more turbine discs, wherein the drive shaft is positioned within the case along the centerline, free to rotate within the case, and extends through the main housing for connection to a generator, (d) the one or more fluid/vapor inlets are attached to the main housing such that a fluid/vapor is directed at a specified angle onto the three or more turbine discs, (e) the fluid/vapor outlet is disposed in the cover and aligned with the centerline, (f) a set of exhaust holes proximate to and connected to the fluid/vapor outlet that are positioned annularly around the drive shaft, and (g) wherein the fluid/vapor causes the turbine discs to rotate, passes through the set of exhaust ports and the set of exhaust holes, and exits through the fluid/vapor outlet; the generator connected to the drive shaft of the fluid/vapor turbine and having one or more electrical output terminals; a first operating pressure modulation valve and a temperature/pressure sensor connected between the outlet of the receiver tube(s) and the fluid/vapor inlet of the fluid/vapor turbine; a back flow prevention valve connected to the fluid/vapor outlet of the fluid/vapor turbine; a pressure vessel connected to the back flow prevention valve; a secondary line connecting the pressure vessel to a hose or pipe between the outlet of the receiver tube(s) and the first operating pressure modulation valve; a third operating pressure modulation valve disposed in the secondary line; a primer/boost pump connected to the pressure vessel a second operating pressure modulation valve connected between the primer/boost pump and the inlet of the receiver tube(s); and a controller connected to the motor, the solar tracking device, the fluid/vapor turbine and the generator to monitor and control the system. 39. The solar power system as recited in claim 38, wherein the solar tracking device will position the solar collector at a previously recorded time-based position whenever the one or more sensors do not provide a position to maximize the solar energy collected by the receiver tube(s). 40. The solar power system as recited in claim 38, wherein: the solar tracking device aligns each solar collector to maximize the solar energy collected by the receiver tube(s) regardless of weather conditions; and the controller positions each solar collector to minimize damage in potentially damaging weather. 41. The solar power system as recited in claim 38, wherein the set of exhaust ports and the set of exhaust holes are ellipse-shaped or oval-shaped. 42. The solar power system as recited in claim 38, further comprising a first gasket between the main housing and the cover, a second gasket between each fluid/vapor inlet and the main housing, and a labyrinth seal formed by shape and positioning of the turbine discs, the main housing, the case and the drive shaft. 43. The solar power system as recited in claim 38, wherein each fluid/vapor inlet comprises a wedge-shaped jet, the specified angle is between 50 and 55 degrees, and the wedge-shaped jet has an angle of approximately 40 degrees. 44. The solar power system as recited in claim 38, wherein the fluid/vapor comprises water, steam, a hydrocarbon or a refrigerant. 45. The solar power system as recited in claim 38, wherein each of the turbine discs further comprise: a first set of holes substantially equally spaced from one another along a first radius from the centerline; and a second set of holes substantially equally spaced from one another along a second radius from the centerline. 46. The solar power system as recited in claim 45, wherein the first radius is within a middle portion of the turbine disc, the second radius is proximate to a perimeter of the turbine disc, and the holes are spaced approximately 30 degrees from one another. 47. The solar power system as recited in claim 38, wherein the drive shaft is a common shaft used by both the bladeless turbine and a generator or a machine. 48. The solar power system as recited in claim 47, wherein only a first bearing located in the bladeless turbine and a second bearing is located in the generator or the machine are used to support the drive shaft. 49. The solar power system as recited in claim 38, wherein the bladeless turbine has an efficiency equal to or greater than 50%. 50. The solar power system as recited in claim 38, wherein the three or more turbine discs are substantially as shown in FIGS. 13A, 13B and 13C. 51. The solar power system as recited in claim 38, wherein each fluid/vapor inlets is substantially as shown in FIG. 14. 52. The solar power system as recited in claim 38, wherein the main housing is substantially as shown in FIG. 12A, the cover is substantially as shown in FIG. 12B, and the drive shaft is substantially as shown in FIG. 15. 