A management system for managing a series association of elements for storing and/or generating electrical energy (CA.sub.2-CA.sub.n), the system being characterized in that it comprises: first and second power bars (BP.sub.1, BP.sub.2); a plurality of inverter arms (B.sub.1-B.sub.n-1) connected in parallel between said first and second power bars, each inverter arm being in turn constituted by two switches (T.sub.h1, T.sub.b1) connected in series via a midpoint (PM.sub.1) of the arm; a plurality of inductors (L.sub.1-L.sub.n), each connected to the midpoint of a respective inverter arm; and a plurality of connectors for connecting the midpoint of each inverter arm to said series association between two adjacent elements via a respective one of said inductors. A series association of electrical energy storage and/or generator elements including such a management system.
Claims 1. A management system for managing a series association of elements for storing or generating electrical energy (CA1-CAn; PV1-PVn), the system being characterized in that it comprises: first and second power bars (BP1, BP2); a plurality of inverter arms (B0-Bn) connected in parallel between said first and second power bars, each inverter arm being in turn constituted by two switches (Th1, Tb1) connected in series via a midpoint (PM1) of the arm; a plurality of inductors (L0-Ln), each connected to the midpoint of a respective inverter arm; and a plurality of connectors for connecting the midpoint of each inverter arm to said series association between two adjacent elements via a respective one of said inductors. 2. A management system according to claim 1, also including a first connector for connecting the first power bar to a positive terminal of the electrical energy storage element situated at a positive end of said series association, and a second connector for connecting the second power bar to a negative terminal of the electrical energy storage element situated at a negative end of said series association. 3. A management system according to claim 2, also including two inductors (L1-Ln) connected in series with said first and second connectors. 4. A management system according to claim 1, also including: an inverter arm (B0) connected between said first and second power bars, with its midpoint (PM0) being connected via a respective inductor (L0) to a positive terminal of the electrical energy storage and/or generator element (CA1) situated at a positive end of said series association; an inverter arm (Bn) connected between said first and second power bars, with its midpoint (PMn) connected via a respective inductor (Ln) to a negative terminal of the electrical energy storage and/or generator element (CAn) situated at a negative end of said series association; and a capacitor (C) also being connected between said first and second power bars. 5. A management system according to claim 1 wherein said inductors all present the same inductance value. 6. A management system according to claim 5, wherein said inductors are made in the form of coils around respective columns of a magnetic core (NM) having yokes in common, thus providing a single magnetic circuit. 7. A management system according to claim 1 also including a capacitor (C) connected between said first and second power bars. 8. A management system according to claim 1, also including control means (MC) for controlling the switches of all or some of said inverter arms in alternating manner with a duty ratio selected in such a manner as to determine a mean voltage level for the midpoint of each of said inverter arms that is equal to a predetermined nominal voltage level. 9. A management system according to claim 1, also including control means (MC) for controlling the switches of all or some of said inverter arms in alternating manner with a duty ratio selected in such a manner as to determine a level of current flowing through the midpoint of each of said inverter arms that is equal to a predetermined nominal current level. 10. A management system according to claim 1, wherein: the switches of said inverter arms are made in the form of semiconductor devices that are of vertical structure; and at least a plurality of said inverter arms are made in the form of two-chip modules comprising a first chip (P1) monolithically integrating the switches connected between the first power bar and the respective midpoints, and a second chip (P2) monolithically integrating the switches connected between said respective midpoints and the second power bar. 11. A management system according to claim 1, wherein N of said inverter arms (Bi1-Bi4), where N>1, are connected via their respective midpoints (PMi1-PMi4) and via respective inductors (Li1-Li4) to each of said connectors. 12. A management system according to claim 11, also including control means for periodically operating the inverter arms connected to a common conductor with an offset of 1/Nth of a cycle. 13. A management system according to claim 11, in which N is equal to the number of electrical energy storage or generator elements in said series association. 14. A hierarchical system for managing a series association (S) of electrical energy storage or generator modules (M), each module being in turn constituted by a series association (CA) of electrical energy storage or generator elements, said system comprising: a plurality of management systems (SGO1-SGO10) according to any preceding claim for managing respective modules; and a management system (SGF) based on flyback type converters for managing the series association of said modules, each being considered as being indivisible. 15. A hierarchical system for managing a series association (S) of electrical energy storage or generator modules (M) according to claim 14, wherein said management system (SGF) based on flyback type converters comprises: a plurality of full-bridge inverters (OPC1, OPC2, OPCN), each of which is constituted by two inverter arms connected in parallel between two end ports of the inverter, each inverter arm being in turn constituted by two switches (Th1, Tb1; Th2, Tb2) connected in series by a said midpoint (P11, P12) of the arm; a plurality of connectors for connecting the two end ports of each full-bridge inverter to a respective element (CA1, CA2, CAN) of said series association; and a magnetic coupler (NM) formed by a magnetic core having a plurality of windings (W1, W2, WN) made thereon, each of said windings being connected to the midpoints of the arms of one of said inverters. 16. A series association of electrochemical elements for storing electrical energy, the association including a management system according to claim 1. 17. (canceled) 18. A photovoltaic panel comprising a series association of photovoltaic cells (PV1-PVN), connected to a management system according to claim 1. 19-20. (canceled) 21. A set of photovoltaic panels (PPV1-PPV3) connected to a management system according to claim 1. 