Provided are multi-module inverters and/or converters for connecting to a set of building integrable photovoltaic (BIPV) modules that are interconnected in series and arranged into photovoltaic arrays on building structures. Outputs from multiple multi-module inverters and/or converters in one array may be combined using parallel connections and then connected to an electrical grid, standalone electrical network, or central inverter. Each set is connected to a different multi-module inverter and/or converter and may have a variable number of BIPV modules. A multi-module inverter and/or converter may be positioned within or integrated into one of the BIPV modules or attached to a building structure supporting the array. In certain embodiments, a multi-module inverter and/or converter is installed in a ventilation channel on the back side of a module. A multi-module inverter and/or converter may be also integrated into an electrical routing structure connected to one of the BIPV modules.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic array comprising: a first photovoltaic string comprising a first set of multiple building integrable photovoltaic modules interconnected in series, the first photovoltaic string further comprising a first multi-module inverter having input leads connected to the first set; and a second photovoltaic string comprising a second set of multiple building integrable photovoltaic modules interconnected in series, the second photovoltaic string further comprising a second multi-module inverter having input leads connected to the second set, wherein output leads of the first multi-module inverter and output leads of the second multi-module inverter are interconnected in parallel and provide a combined power output from the first photovoltaic string and the second photovoltaic string. 2. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein the first set has more multiple building integrable photovoltaic modules than the second set. 3. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of the first multi-module inverter is positioned within a moisture flap portion of a building integrable photovoltaic module in the first set. 4. The photovoltaic array of claim 3, wherein at least the portion of the first multi-module inverter is positioned in a ventilation channel formed on a back side of the moisture flap portion of the building integrable photovoltaic module in the first set. 5. The photovoltaic array of claim 4, wherein the first multi-module inverter comprises cooling fins extending into the ventilation channel of the moisture flap portion. 6. The photovoltaic array of claim 3, wherein the moisture flap portion is at least partially molded over the first multi-module inverter. 7. The photovoltaic array of claim 3, wherein the first multi-module inverter provides structural support to the moisture flap portion of the building integrable photovoltaic module in the first set. 8. The photovoltaic array of claim 7, wherein the first multi-module inverter extends into a photovoltaic portion of the building integrable photovoltaic module and provides structural support to the photovoltaic portion with respect to the moisture flap portion. 9. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein the first multi-module inverter is integrated into and inseparably attached to an end building integrable photovoltaic module during fabrication of the end building integrable photovoltaic module. 10. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein the first photovoltaic string further comprises a building integrable electrical routing structure mechanically attached and electrically connected to an end building integrable photovoltaic module in the first set; and wherein the first multi-module inverter is positioned within the building integrable electrical routing structure. 11. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein the first multi-module inverter is positioned in a component of a building structure supporting the photovoltaic array, wherein the component is selected from the group consisting of an attic vent and a ridge vent. 12. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein all building integrable photovoltaic modules in the first set are positioned in the same row of the photovoltaic array. 13. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein the first multi-module inverter is configured to perform maximum power point tracking of the first set independently of the second set and wherein the second multi-module inverter is configured to perform maximum power point tracking of the second set independently of the first set. 14. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein the first multi-module inverter has a power rating of at least about 250 W. 15. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein the first multi-module inverter has a starting voltage of at least about 50 V. 16. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein the first set comprises between about two and fifty building integrable photovoltaic modules. 17. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein the first string further comprises a control system for diagnostics of building integrable photovoltaic modules in the first set. 18. The photovoltaic array of claim 17, wherein the control system is configured to disconnect the first multi-module inverter from the first set upon detecting one or more problems with building integrable photovoltaic modules in the first set. 19. The photovoltaic array of claim 17, wherein the control system is configured to disconnect one building integrable photovoltaic module from remaining building integrable photovoltaic modules in the first set while keeping the remaining building integrable photovoltaic modules interconnected in series and connected to the first multi-module inverter. 20. A building integrable photovoltaic module comprising: a photovoltaic portion comprising one or more photovoltaic cells; a moisture flap portion attached to the photovoltaic portion, wherein the photovoltaic portion and the moisture flap portion form a back side of the building integrable photovoltaic module; two or more ventilation ribs attached to and extending from the back side of the building integrable photovoltaic module; and a multi-module inverter positioned in between two or more ribs and attached to the back side of the building integrable photovoltaic module. 21. A photovoltaic array comprising: a first photovoltaic string comprising a first set of multiple building integrable photovoltaic modules interconnected in series, the first photovoltaic string further comprising a first multi-module converter having input leads connected to the first set; and a second photovoltaic string comprising a second set of multiple building integrable photovoltaic modules interconnected in series, the second photovoltaic string further comprising a second multi-module converter having input leads connected to the second set, wherein output leads of the first multi-module converter and output leads of the second multi-module converter are interconnected in parallel and provide a combined power output from the first photovoltaic string and the second photovoltaic string. 