A photovoltaic power plant (25, 32, 33, 34, 35) comprising one or more photovoltaic devices (27), each device comprising at least two terminals (30, 31) wherein one or more of the terminals (30, 31) is connected to a switch (12, 13) which is in turn connected to a point (10, 15, 16) held at a voltage relative to ground (11) and at least one switch (12, 13) is controlled in response to one or more parameters, and a method of controlling such a power plant (25, 32, 33, 34, 35).
Claims 1. A photovoltaic power plant comprising one or more photovoltaic devices, each device comprising at least two terminals wherein one or more of the terminals is connected to a switch which is in turn connected to a point held at a voltage relative to ground and at least one switch is controlled in response to one or more parameters. 2. The photovoltaic power plant according to claim 1 in which at least one parameter is the voltage to ground of one or more of said terminals and/or the voltage generated across one or more of the photovoltaic devices. 3. The photovoltaic power plant according to claim 1, further comprising at least one power converter, said power converter being connected to the terminals of one or more photovoltaic devices and comprising an AC output connection, wherein preferably the AC outputs of two or more power converters are connected together. 4. The photovoltaic power plant according to claim 3, where the AC output is a single phase or a polyphase output. 5. The photovoltaic power plant according to claim 3 where at least one of said power converters comprises one or more inverters, wherein preferably at least one of said inverters comprises a DC input and an AC output. 6. The photovoltaic power plant according to claim 5, where at least one inverter is a non galvanically isolating inverter, in particular a transformerless inverter. 7. The photovoltaic power plant according to claim 1 where the voltage of at least one terminal relative to ground is essentially zero and/or is set to a set voltage. 8. The photovoltaic power plant according to any claim 3 where the switches are integrated into the power converters and/or are electronic switches. 9. The photovoltaic power plant according to claim 1, wherein the setting of at least one switch is changed in response to changing parameters. 10. The photovoltaic power plant according to claim 1, wherein at least part of said photovoltaic devices are arranged in groups. 11. A power converter comprising at least two input terminals, in particular at least two input terminals for connection with at least one or more photovoltaic devices, and at least two output terminals, wherein one or more of the terminals is connected to a switch which is in turn connected to a point held at a voltage relative to ground and wherein at least one switch is controlled in response to one or more parameters. 12. A controller device for controlling a power converter and/or photovoltaic power plant being designed and arranged in a way that a switch that is connecting at least one terminal of said power converter and/or said photovoltaic power plant to a point held at a voltage relative to ground is controlled by said controller device in response to one or more parameters. 13. A method of controlling a photovoltaic power plant, the power plant comprising: one or more photovoltaic devices, each photovoltaic device comprising at least two terminals the method comprising the steps of: in response to the one or more parameters, connecting one or more of the terminals to a point held at a voltage relative to ground. 14. The method according to claim 13 in which at least one parameter is the voltage to ground of one or more of the terminals and/or the voltage generated across one or more of the photovoltaic devices. 15. The method of claim 13, further comprising the step of comparing the parameters and connecting to the fixed potential the terminal corresponding to the maximum or minimum parameter. 16. The photovoltaic power plant according to claim 2, further comprising at least one power converter, said power converter being connected to the terminals of one or more photovoltaic devices and comprising an AC output connection, wherein preferably the AC outputs of two or more power converters are connected together. 17. The photovoltaic power plant according to claim 1, where the AC output is a single phase or a polyphase output. 18. The photovoltaic power plant according to claim 1 where at least one of said power converters comprises one or more inverters, wherein preferably at least one of said inverters comprises a DC input and an AC output. 19. The photovoltaic power plant according to claim 1, where at least one inverter is a non galvanically isolating inverter, in particular a transformerless inverter. 20. The photovoltaic power plant according to claim 1 where the switches are integrated into the power converters and/or are electronic switches. 