A solar panel system includes a plurality of the panels connected together in one or more panel strings. An embodiment includes a signal generator module connected to the photovoltaic panel strings injecting a multiple radio frequency signal onto each of the strings and a detector module analyzing a frequency response echo from the panel strings. The signal generator may include a string coupling module communicating with a controller. The detector module analyzes the echo to obtain an analog fingerprint for each panel string and determine whether the fingerprint for each panel string is within an acceptable range. The detector module initiates an alarm when one of the fingerprints is outside the acceptable range. During night time, when no current is being produced by the photovoltaic cells, a DC or AC source may be connected to the panel strings to inject a signal onto the strings for the same purpose.
Claims 1. A solar panel system comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cells connected together in panels, and thence in one or more panel strings, connected to an inverter and in turn connected to an AC distribution grid; and a signal generator module connected to the one or more photovoltaic panel strings operable to produce and inject a multiple radio frequency signal onto each of the strings; and a detector module operable to receive and analyze a frequency response echo from each of the panel strings to confirm integrity of the solar panel system. 2. The system according to claim 1 wherein the signal generator comprises a string coupling module communicating with a microprocessor. 3. The system according to claim 1 wherein the signal generator module injects an RF signal in a range of 1 khz to 100 khz. 4. The system according to claim 3 wherein the detector module analyzes an echo of the injected RF signal to obtain an analog fingerprint for each panel string. 5. The system according to claim 4 wherein the detector module determines whether the fingerprint for each panel string is within an acceptable range. 6. The system according to claim 5 wherein the detector module initiates an alarm when one of the fingerprints is outside the acceptable range. 7. A method comprising: providing a plurality of photovoltaic cells connected together in panels, and thence in one or more panel strings, connected to an inverter and in turn connected to an AC distribution grid; providing a signature generator module connected to the one or more panel strings; injecting a multiple radio frequency signal onto each of the strings via the signal generator module; receiving a frequency response echo from each of the panel strings; and analyzing the frequency response echo from each of the panel strings to confirm integrity of the solar panel system. 8. The method according to claim 7 wherein injecting comprises generating and transmitting the radio frequency (RF) signal to a string coupling module which transfers the signal to the panel string. 9. The method according to claim 7 wherein injecting further comprises injecting an RF signal in a range of 1 khz to 100 khz. 10. The method according to claim 8 wherein analyzing comprises obtaining an analog fingerprint for each panel string. 11. The method according to claim 10 wherein analyzing comprises determining whether the fingerprint for each panel string is within an acceptable range. 12. The method according to claim 11 further comprises initiating an alarm when one of the fingerprints is outside the acceptable range. 13. An apparatus for confirming integrity of a solar panel system comprising a plurality of photovoltaic cells connected together in panels, wherein the panels are connected together in panel strings, the apparatus comprising: a signal generator module connected to the one or more photovoltaic panel strings operable to produce and inject a multiple radio frequency signal onto each of the strings; and a detector module operable to receive and analyze a frequency response echo from each of the panel strings to confirm integrity of the solar panel system. 14. The apparatus according to claim 13 wherein the signal generator module comprises a string coupling module communicating with a system on a chip (SOC) controller. 15. The apparatus according to claim 14 wherein the signal generator module injects an RF signal in a range of 1 khz to 100 khz onto each of the panel strings. 16. The apparatus according to claim 15 wherein the detector module analyzes an echo of the injected RF signal to obtain an analog fingerprint for each panel string. 17. The apparatus according to claim 16 wherein the detector module determines whether the fingerprint obtained for each panel string is within an acceptable range. 18. The system according to claim 17 wherein the detector module initiates an alarm when one of the fingerprints is outside the acceptable range. 