The invention provides systems and methods for control of power charge/discharge from energy storage system. The invention also provides for power monitoring and management, including power management for a variable generator. An intelligent charge system may include a premise sensor, a variable generator sensor, one or more energy storage units, and a controller, which may receive information about the power demand, power provided by an electricity provider, and charge/discharge information from an energy storage unit. The information received may all be time synchronized in relation to a time based reference. The controller may provide instructions to an energy storage unit at a rapid rate.
Claims 1. A smart charge system comprising: a premise sensor for monitoring the amount of power flowing through a power feed that is in electrical communication with an electricity provider; an energy storage unit comprising one or more batteries and a bidirectional power converter which is in electrical communication with the power feed, wherein the bidirectional power converter is configured to control an amount of power transferred in either direction between the power feed and the one or more batteries; and a control computer that is configured to receive information from the premise sensor and the energy storage unit, and provide a charge/discharge instruction to the energy storage unit based on a measure of the state-of-charge of the one or more batteries. 2. The smart charge system of claim 1, further comprising: a variable generator sensor for monitoring an amount of power flowing from a variable generator, wherein the variable generator sensor transmits variable generator power information to the control computer, and the premise sensor transmits premise power information to the control computer, wherein the variable generator power information and the premise power information are both time synchronized with a time reference. 3. The smart charge system of claim 2, wherein at least one of the premise sensor and the variable generator sensor is provided on a customer side of the smart charge system. 4. The smart charge system of claim 1, wherein the variable generator is at least one of the following: a wind generator, a solar electric generator, a water-powered generator, and a geothermal generator. 5. The smart charge system of claim 1, wherein the charge/discharge instruction is provided every 1 second or less. 6. The smart charge system of claim 1, wherein the charge/discharge instruction is provided every 15 minutes or less. 7. The smart charge system of claim 1, wherein the energy storage unit comprise two or more energy storage units that each comprise one or more batteries that are coupled to a bidirectional power converter, wherein each of the two or more energy storage units are configured to provide state-of-charge information to the control computer. 8. The smart charge system of claim 7, wherein the control computer provides charge/discharge instructions to each of the two or more energy storage units. 9. The smart charge system of claim 1, wherein the charge/discharge instruction includes at least one of the following: instructions whether to charge or discharge the energy storage unit, a power level to charge or discharge the energy storage unit to, a maximum duration of charge or discharge in case of loss of communication, and a phase of power against which the charge/discharge instruction is to apply for each phase. 10. The smart charge system of claim 1, wherein the energy storage unit is provided on a customer side of the smart charge system and is capable of being installed with pre-existing equipment on the customer side of the smart charge system. 11. A method of power monitoring and management comprising: receiving, at a controller, premises power information from a premises sensor that is configured to sense the amount of power flowing through a power feed that is in electrical communication with an electricity provider; and transmitting, from the controller to an energy storage unit, a charge/discharge instruction based on the premises power information and a measure of a state-of-charge of one or more batteries that are disposed in the energy storage unit. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising receiving, at the controller, variable generator power information, wherein the charge/discharge instructions are further based on the variable generator power information. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the variable generator power information is received from at least one of the following: a wind generator, a solar electric generator, a water-powered generator, and a geothermal generator. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein the charge/discharge instructions are provided every 15 minutes or less. 15. The method of claim 11, wherein the charge/discharge instruction causes the energy storage unit to be charged or discharged. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the energy storage unit maintains a current level while allowing voltage to be varied or maintained, or the energy storage maintains a voltage level while allowing the current to be varied or maintained. 17. The method of claim 11, further comprising receiving charge/discharge delivery modifying instructions from a central operation system. 18. The smart charge system of claim 1, wherein the control computer further comprise a communication device that is configured to receive instructions from a central operation system. 