The field of invention relates generally to roof systems and particularly to sloped roofs, which can incorporate a ridge vent to exhaust hot attic gases. More particularly, the invention serves not only as an improved roof venting system but also acts as a solar water heater. The invention uses a novel method of utilizing hot escaping gasses from the attic space to heat water from below in its integrated solar collector as well as utilizing a system of baffles to exclude precipitation while also incorporating a clear panel to heat water from the sun's rays while venting hot gases from the attic space below.
Claims 1. The effect of the hot escaping gases from the attic space below combined with the effects of the exposure from radiant solar energy from above, heats the water in the invention's integrated tank(s)/pipe(s)/tubing to a temperature more closely to that of "usable" hot water and in some cases higher. By virtue of this effect, water entering existing conventional water heating systems is hotter thus reducing the need for fossil fuel consumption, the effect of which is to release less carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. 2. The invention is an exceptionally low technologically uncomplicated device which is easy to install and very cost effective. In some cases, this invention will supplant the primary water heating system for long periods of time and in most cases will raise the temperature of water entering the primary water heating system, thus lowering the demand for fossil fuels and lowering the amount of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere. 3. This invention, because of its extremely simple technological level, can be installed using conventional, accepted roofing methods and materials. These methods and materials are universally known to the existing workforce, alleviating the need for newly trained personnel, expensive tools or exotic installation materials. The simplicity of design, the ease of fabrication, the lack of the necessity for exotic materials and equipment, lends itself to universal acceptance and potentially widespread application, thus reducing the demand for fossil fuels and lowering the amount of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere. 4. By virtue of this invention's design, shape and enhanced vent size, this invention will increase the effective cross-section of conventional roof vents in the range of 200% to 300% by enabling the removed roof sheathing to be 2 to 3 times greater than conventional ridge vents, thus allowing 2 to 3 times more hot gases to escape from the attic space below, thus lowering the ambient temperature of the attic space and lowering the energy required for air-conditioning, thus reducing the demand for fossil fuels and lowering the amount of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere. 5. This invention can be readily installed using accepted building procedures. This invention can be fabricated easily and economically from readily available materials, i.e., aluminum, copper, stainless steel, galvanized sheet metal or a number of plastics and resins which will render it extremely economical and will support universal acceptance. In its completed form, this invention is extremely durable and lightweight thus being easily transported and lifted into place requiring no heavy equipment or machinery thus reducing the demand for fossil fuels and lowering the amount of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere. 6. The low cost and ease of manufacturing of this invention, the low level of technology required for installation, the fact that there are no moving parts, the use of techniques and materials which are widely in use, in addition to the aesthetically pleasing final appearance and very low maintenance, results in a unique and cost effective product. 7. This invention can readily be installed in new roof systems, re-roof systems of existing structures, and retro-fit to existing systems by simply installing this invention over existing asphalt shingles or metal roof systems. This invention can be readily adapted to supply heated water in the same manner incorporated in conventional solar panels and solar collectors used to heat water and can be utilized in conjunction with gas, electric, tank, tankless or any primary water heaters already in service. 8. The incorporation of a live active hinge affords the ability of this invention to conform to a multitude of configurations so that the invention can be readily and easily installed to facilitate multiple and numerous roof slopes. The invention can also be fabricated in two pieces and joined together with nuts and bolts or other acceptable fasteners so that it might facilitate the invention's application on more radical roof slopes. The invention can be fabricated in two pieces incorporating a waterproof flange along the top most edge as shown in FIG. 8A. This will contribute to its universal acceptance and application. 9. The design of this invention affords greater efficiency in exhausting hot gases from attic spaces. This is accomplished by expanding the cross-section of the roof wood sheathing removed. The exhaust vent can be many times larger than conventional roof ridge vents because the invention extends farther away from the ridge and has a higher profile and still affords enhanced protection from blowing rain and precipitation. This enhanced efficiency lowers the ambient temperature in the attic space lowering the energy needed to air-condition a structure. 10. This invention can easily and readily be installed to facilitate multiple and diverse applications. It can be installed to facilitate east and west installations as well as north and south installations. This invention, in some configurations, can be installed in a virtually limitless configuration by simply adding more units which are easily and readily joined together. This invention is readily installed using universal and accepted methods used to plumb conventional solar panels and collectors for use with primary water heaters which are currently being employed to heat water. 11. This invention has no moving parts, i.e., fans or movable or adjustable vents. This invention is also unique by virtue of the fact that it becomes and is a useful part of the roof envelope and protection of the building structure. It can be installed by personnel who are trained in accepted and universal roof methods and means. Its low technological aspects and ease of fabrication are also completely unique. 12. The addition of a clear panel enhances the effects of solar radiation by directly exposing its tank(s)/pipe(s)/tubing to solar radiation. The unique serpentine design of the tank(s)/pipe(s)/tubing slows the water entering the invention and enhances the cross-section so that it can gain an exceptional amount of heat from above and below before it enters the primary hot water system, without the use of pumps or elaborate heat exchangers. 13. Additionally, in almost all cases, this invention can be recycled and reused for many years and can become a useful part of a second or even third roof system in re-roof applications for the same structure. 14. The invention can be fabricated in lightweight, easily handled sizes. They can be joined together in an unlimited number connected with push on connectors readily available or glued together with compatible connectors and approved glue. The unique, staggered, integrated venting system of this invention allows hot gasses to escape while prohibiting wind driven precipitation and insects to enter. 15. This invention is an exceptionally efficient, low cost, maintenance-free device which is exponentially preferable over conventional solar water collectors which are costly, unsightly and expensive to maintain, aesthetically displeasing, damaging to roof envelopes and are extremely susceptible to damage from high winds. 16. This invention is engineered to present an extremely low cross section to the wind. Additionally, because of the plurality of attachment areas and the latitude of choice for fasteners, this invention can withstand winds in excess of hurricane force with a very low possibility of failure unlike conventional solar panel water collectors which, when blown off roofs, cause excessive and unnecessary damage to the roof envelope and water intrusion into the openings causing damage and destruction to the structure below. 17. The invention is an improved invention over U.S. Pat. No. 4,418,685 in as much as its design is uncomplicated, it has no couplings or manifolds, it is easily installed and can be linked together in a series simply by incorporating push-on connectors such as "snake bites" or polysolphone connectors which are readily available, off-the-shelf items. The simplicity of design and ease of fabrication make for a much improved invention as it relates to the concept of mounting a solar collector device on the roof of a building and trapping and converting solar rays into heat energy and also utilizing waste hot air in the attic as disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,418,685 Roof-mounted Solar Collector device, issued Dec. 6, 1983 inventor Wallace N. Frazier. However, the Frazier device will not conform to multiple or differing roof slopes, does not afford the necessary cross-section to properly vent an attic space by virtue of the fact that it is extremely difficult to install enough units to achieve the necessary cross-section that a passive device requires. Additionally, the device is complicated and its design does not restrict the entry of insects and rodents. 