The present invention comprises a stackable ballasted roof mounting solar panel mount unit integrally formed into a single piece. The mount unit comprises a plurality of generally elevated side walls of a ballast receiving basket. Each side walls defines a downwardly facing open channel that is configured to receive a corresponding side wall from a corresponding solar panel mount in a stacking relation. The mount unit further comprises a first pair of posts, wherein each of the first pair of posts forms a downwardly facing post receiving first mouth that is configured to receive a corresponding post from a corresponding first pair of posts of a corresponding solar panel mount in a stacking relation.
Claims 1. A stackable ballasted roof mounting solar panel mount unit integrally formed into a single piece comprising: a plurality of generally elevated side walls of a ballast receiving basket, wherein each of the generally side walls taper upward and inward from a generally downward facing peripheral edge to an apex ridge of the wall to form the outer face of each of the side walls and then tapers downward and inward from the apex ridge of the wall to form the inner face of each of the side walls and further extends inward from the base of the inner face to form a ballast supporting basket lip, wherein each side wall defines a downwardly facing open channel that is configured to receive a corresponding side wall from a corresponding solar panel mount in a stacking relation; and a first pair of posts, wherein each of the first pair of posts extend upward from the peripheral edge to the top of the first pair of posts at a first predetermined height above the generally elevated side wall to form the outer side of each of the first pair of posts, wherein each of the first pair of posts taper downwardly and inwardly from the top of each of the first pair of posts to form the generally inner side of each of the posts, wherein each of the first pair of posts forms a downwardly facing post receiving first mouth that is configured to receive a corresponding post from a corresponding first pair of posts of a corresponding solar panel mount in a stacking relation. 2. The unit of claim 1, further comprising: a second pair of posts, wherein each of the posts extend upward from the peripheral edge to a first predetermined height above the generally elevated side wall to form the outer side of a support post, wherein the support posts taper downwardly and inwardly from the predetermined height to form the generally inner side of each of the posts, wherein each post forms a downwardly facing post receiving mouth that is configured to receive a corresponding post from a corresponding solar panel mount in a stacking relation. 3. The mount of claim 1, wherein the peripheral edge has a plurality of raised gaps around the base to allow water to flow under the base without obstruction. 4. The unit of claim 1, wherein the basket has a large hollow part that is cut away to prevent water from pooling in the basket. 5. A plurality of units of claim 1 that are arranged in a single vertically aligned stack, wherein a first of the plurality of units is placed onto the bottom and a second of the plurality of units is vertically aligned with the first of the plurality of units, wherein the distance between any point on the first of the plurality of units and the same corresponding point on the second of the plurality of units is less than 1/2 the height of the distance from the peripheral lip to the apex ridge of any one unit. 6. The plurality of units as set forth in claim 5, wherein the plurality are arranged in one vertically aligned stack on a pallet. 7. The plurality of units of claim 2, wherein the plurality of units are arranged in one vertically aligned stack, wherein a first of the plurality of units is placed directly onto the pallet on the bottom of the stack and a second of the plurality of units is vertically aligned with and stacked upon the first of the plurality of units, wherein the distance between any point on the first of the plurality of units and the same corresponding point on the second of the plurality of units is less than 1/2 the height of the distance from the peripheral lip to the apex ridge of any one unit. 8. The plurality of units as set forth in claim 7, wherein unassembled rails and other hardware can be stacked between the first pair of posts and the second pair of posts in the plurality of stacked units on the pallet. 9. The mounting unit of claim 1, wherein a ballast block is placed in the basket over the plurality of lips to anchor the unit. 10. A solar panel mounting system comprising: a front row of units of claim 1, wherein the first pair of posts of each front row unit is the only pair of posts; a first medial row of units of claim 2, wherein the first pair of posts of each first medial row unit are defined as front posts and the second pair of post of each first medial row units are defined as back posts and the back posts are smaller than the front posts; a plurality of rails extending from and fastened to the top of the first pair of posts of each front row unit and extending to and fastened to the top of front posts of the first medial row of units placed behind the front row of units; a row of solar panels in solar panel frames, wherein the solar panel frames are fastened to respective pairs of adjacent rails; and a plurality of ground wires that are connected to adjacent solar panels in the front row and the first medial row by ground wire fasteners, wherein the ground wire fasteners create an electrical connection between the panels and the wire and break the annealed surface of the solar panel frame. 