Power charging system using sun energy or AC source suitable for wide range of applications such as charging electric vehicle battery or battery pack and/or supplying electricity for commercial, industrial and/or residential customers; the system comprises wide variety of relay and other components to manipulate the charging states. The system's circuits include a battery charging circuit, a control circuit and a reset control circuit for a relay requires redirected polarity of the control element(s) to change the closed state/position to open state/position to charge the power storage. The power charging system also including a battery charging circuit and a control circuit to which a relay is required unidirectional pulse input; there is no need to redirect polarities of the positive terminal of the control element to change the closed state/position to open state/position to charge the power storage.
Claims 1. Power charging system for electric vehicle and/or supplying electricity for commercial, industrial and/or residential applications comprising: (a) a charging circuit including at least one power source connected in parallel to at least one pair of normally closed terminal 1/contact1 and a terminal 2/contact 2 which are in load portion of a relay, and at least one power storage; wherein the at least one pair of the terminal 1/contact1 and the terminal 2/contact 2 are in closed state; (b) a control circuit including a maximum charging voltage that is determined by at least one power storage connected in parallel to a zener diode and a control element1 which is in control portion of the relay, when the voltage across the zener diode and the control element 1 combined a value of the voltage is substantially equal to the maximum charging voltage of the at least one power storage and simultaneously reaches a minimum switching voltage of the control element1, the at least one pair of the normally closed terminal 1/contact1 and the terminal 2/contact 2 in load portion of the relay is disconnected from each other, and maintained open state/set position, which is disconnected the at least one power source from the at least one storage; and (c) a reset control circuit including a power supply and a control element2, when the electric supply inputs a pulse voltage or redirected signal or commanded to the control element 2 that resets the at least one pair of the terminal 1/contact1 and the terminal 2/contact 2 in closed state/position which is reconnected to the power source to the at least one power storage. 2. The power charging system of claim 1 further including an anti-power reversing diode which is connected in series to the power source if the power storage has not installed with the anti-reversing diode. 3. The power charging system of claim 1, wherein the power source includes at least one solar panel or at least one photovoltaic system if the power charging system using sun energy as power source. 4. The power charging system of claim 1, wherein the power source including at least one inverter that converts alternate current to direct current if the power charging system using the alternate current as power source. 5. The power charging system of claim 1, wherein the power storage includes at least one rechargeable battery or at least one rechargeable battery pack/bank. 6. The power charging system of claim 1, wherein the control element 1 and control element 2 are adopted to two coils or substituted for one coil, but redirected the coil from a positive to a negative to change the magnetic field, if the control element 1 and the control element 2 used coil as the control elements. 7. Power charging system for electric vehicle and/or supplying electricity for commercial, industrial and/or residential applications comprising: (a) a charging circuit including a power source connected in parallel to at least one pair of normally closed terminal 3/contact3 and a terminal4/contact4, and at least one power storage; wherein the at least one pair of the terminal3/contact3 and the terminal 4/contact4 are in load portion of a relay with close state; (b) a control circuit including a maximum charging voltage that is determined by at least one power storage connected in parallel to a zener diode, a switch and a control element3 which is in control portion of the relay, when the voltage across the zener diode, the switch and the control element3 in series combined a value of the voltage is substantially equal to the maximum charging voltage of the at least one power storage and simultaneously reaches a minimum switching voltage of the control element3 and a minimum switching voltage of the switch, the at least one pair of the normally close terminal 3/contact 3 and terminal 4/contact4 disconnected from each other respectively that is in load portion of the relay, and maintained open state/set position, which is disconnected the at least one power source from the at least one power storage; and (c) a reset control circuit including an electric supply connected in parallel to the switch and a control element4, when the switch moves to closed position reconnected to the electric supply that inputs a pulse voltage or redirected signal or commanded to the control element4 that resets the terminal3/contact3 and the terminal4/contact4 in closed state/position which is reconnected the at least one power source to the at least one power storage. 8. The power charging system of claim 7 further including an anti-power reversing diode which is connected in series to the power source if the power storage has not installed the anti-reversing diode. 9. The power charging system of claim 7, wherein the power source including at least one solar panel or at least one photovoltaic system, if the power charging system using sun energy as power source. 10. The power charging system of claim 7, wherein the power source including at least one inverter that converts alternate current to direct current, if the power charging system using the alternate current as power source. 11. The power charging system of claim 7, wherein the at least one power storage including at least one rechargeable battery or at least one rechargeable battery pack/bank. 12. The power charging system of claim 7, wherein the control element 3 and control element 4 are adopted two coils or substituted for one coil, but redirected the coil from a positive to a negative to change the magnetic field, if the control element 3 and the control element 4 used coil as the control elements. 13. Power charging system for electric vehicle and/or supplying electricity for commercial, industrial and/or residential applications comprising: (a) a charging circuit including at least one power source connected in parallel to at least one pair of normally closed terminal 5/contact15 and a terminal6 /contact6 which are in load portion of a relay, and at least one power storage; wherein the at least one pair of the terminal5/contact5 and the terminal6/contact6 are in close state/position; and (b) a control circuit including a maximum charging voltage that is determined by at least one power storage connected in parallel to a zener diode and a control element5 which is in control portion of the relay, when the voltage across the zener diode and the control element5 combined a value of the voltage is substantially equal to the maximum charging voltage of the at least one power storage and simultaneously reaches a minimum switching voltage of the control element5, the at least one pair of the normally closed terminal5/contact5 and the terminal6/contact6 in load portion of the relay is disconnected from each other respectively, which is disconnected the at least one power source from the at least one storage. 14. The power charging system of claim 13 further including an anti-power reversing diode which is connected in series to the power source if the power storage has not installed with the anti-reversing diode. 15. The power charging system of claim 13, wherein the power source including at least one solar panel or at least one photovoltaic system if the power charging system using sun energy as power source. 16. The power charging system of claim 13, wherein the power source including at least one inverter that converts alternate current to direct current if the power charging system using the alternate current as power source. 17. The power charging system of claim 13, wherein the power storage including at least one rechargeable battery or at least one rechargeable battery pack/bank. 18. The power charging system of claim 13, wherein the charging circuit further including a switch connected between the power source and the terminal5 and terminal 6 to disconnect the power storage from the power source. 