A solar panel assembly including a solar panel spaced from a surface to create a gap and a barrier movable between an open position and a closed position, the barrier being adapted to inhibit airflow through said gap below said solar panel when in the closed position. The assembly may further include a rack supporting the solar panel and resting on the surface. The barrier may be adapted to move from the open position to the closed position upon detection of conditions indicative of a fire. In this way air flow below the solar panel is permitted during normal operation of the solar panel assembly but is inhibited upon detection of a fire.
Claims 1. A solar panel assembly comprising: (a) a solar panel; and (b) a barrier assembly including a barrier movable between an open position and a closed position, the barrier being adapted to inhibit airflow beneath said solar panel when in the closed position. 2. The solar panel assembly of claim 1, further comprising a rack adapted to support said solar panel. 3. The solar panel assembly of claim 1, where said support rack includes a plurality of legs extending vertically between said surface and said solar panel. 4. The solar panel assembly of claim 1, where said barrier assembly extends laterally between two of said legs. 5. The solar panel assembly of claim 1, where said barrier is a louver-type fire damper. 6. The solar panel assembly of claim 1, where said barrier is a curtain-type fire damper. 7. The solar panel assembly of claim 1, where said barrier is a swinging door-type fire damper. 8. The solar panel assembly of claim 1, where said barrier is an accordion-type fire damper. 9. The solar panel assembly of claim 1, where said barrier assembly includes a connector adapted to maintain the barrier in the open position until it is actuated to release the barrier for movement. 10. The solar panel assembly of claim 1, where said connector includes a fusible link that releases the barrier when subjected to temperatures over a critical threshold, allowing the barrier to move to the closed position. 11. The solar panel assembly of claim 1, where said fusible link is a mechanical fusible link. 12. The solar panel assembly of claim 1, where said connector includes a thermocouple for detecting temperatures adjacent to the barrier. 13. A solar panel assembly comprising: (a) a support rack positioned on a surface, the support rack having a front side, a back side, a left side, and a right side; (b) a plurality of solar panels positioned above said support rack and spaced from said surface to create a gap, the plurality of solar panels forming a solar array; and (c) at least one barrier positioned below said solar array on each of said front, back, left and right sides of said support rack, wherein said barrier assemblies are each movable between an open position and a closed position, the barrier assemblies being adapted to inhibit airflow through said gap below said solar panel array when in the closed position. 14. The solar panel assembly of claim 13, where said support rack includes a plurality of legs extending vertically between said surface and said solar array. 15. The solar panel assembly of claim 13, where said barrier assemblies each extend laterally between two of said legs. 16. The solar panel assembly of claim 13, where said barrier assemblies are a louver-type fire damper. 17. The solar panel assembly of claim 13, where said barrier assemblies are a curtain-type fire damper. 18. The solar panel assembly of claim 13, where said barrier assemblies are a swinging door-type fire damper. 19. The solar panel assembly of claim 13, where said barrier assemblies are an accordion-type fire damper. 20. The solar panel assembly of claim 13, where said barrier assemblies include a connector to maintain the barrier in the open position. 21. The solar panel assembly of claim 13, where said connector includes a fusible link that releases the barrier when subjected to increased temperatures, allowing the barrier to move to the closed position. 22. The solar panel assembly of claim 13, where said fusible link is a mechanical fusible link. 23. The solar panel assembly of claim 13, where said connector includes a thermocouple. 24. A roofing assembly comprising: (a) a roofing system positioned over a roof surface; (b) a support rack positioned on said roof surface; (c) a solar panel positioned above said support rack and spaced from said roofing system to create a gap; and (d) a barrier positioned below said solar panel and movable between an open position and a closed position, the barrier being adapted to inhibit airflow through said gap between said solar panel and said roofing system when in the closed position. 25. The solar panel assembly of claim 24 where said support rack includes a plurality of legs extending vertically between said surface and said solar panel. 26. The solar panel assembly of claim 24, where said barrier extends laterally between two of said legs. 27. The solar panel assembly of claim 24, where said barrier is a louver-type fire damper. 28. The solar panel assembly of claim 24, where said barrier is a curtain-type fire damper. 29. The solar panel assembly of claim 24, where said barrier is a swinging door-type fire damper. 30. The solar panel assembly of claim 24, where said barrier is an accordion-type fire damper. 31. The solar panel assembly of claim 24, where said barrier includes a connector to maintain the barrier in the open position. 32. The solar panel assembly of claim 24, where said connector includes a fusible link that releases the barrier when subjected to increased temperatures, allowing the barrier to move to the closed position. 33. The solar panel assembly of claim 24, where said fusible link is a mechanical fusible link. 34. The solar panel assembly of claim 24, where said connector includes a thermocouple. 35. A solar panel assembly comprising: a rack adapted to support at least one solar panel; and a barrier movable between an open position and a closed position and adapted to inhibit air flow when in the closed position. 36. A fire barrier assembly comprising: a movable barrier; and at least one element connected to the movable barrier, where the element is adapted for mounting the movable barrier to a solar panel support rack. 37. A solar panel assembly comprising: a solar panel; and a support rack adapted to support said solar panel at a height over a roof deck; where the support rack includes one or more elements that are designed to fail upon exposure to heat generated by fire and thereby allow the solar panel to fall to the roof deck. 