Method, apparatus and system for converting or redirecting use of any inverter or uninterruptable power supply (UPS) with the help of the proposed Solar Management Unit (SMU) into a standalone or off-grid solar system of equivalent capacity solar power. The SMU simplifies the system design to utilize existing investment in an inverter and other equipment and reduces solar system installation time.
Claims 1. A method of integrating a solar panel into a backup power supply system comprising: connecting a solar management unit (SMU) to a pre-existing backup power system including a battery, inverter and AC mains power; connecting at least one solar panel to the SMU; performing an initialization process wherein the SMU detects the capacity of the battery, inverter and solar panel; and determining which of the AC mains power or solar panel will charge the battery. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the SMU continuously receives measurements from a load; and the SMU provides power to the load based on these measurements. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the SMU controls the power from the solar panel through an MPPT. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the SMU provides power from the solar panel to charge the battery when the voltage of the battery falls below a predetermined level which is programmed into the SMU. 5. The method of claim 1, prioritizing which of the battery and AC mains power will provide power to a load based on a predetermined sequence contained in the SMU. 6. The method of claim 1, prioritizing which of the battery, AC mains power or solar panel will provide power to a load based on a predetermined sequence contained in the SMU. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising: receiving an input at the SMU indicating the environment into which the SMU will operate. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising: changing the connection between the battery and the inverter to a connection between the SMU and the inverter allowing the load to be driven by the solar panel. 9. The method of claim 1, further comprising: driving the load from the solar panel when AC power fails. 10. A solar management unit (SMU) comprising: a processor with a memory; a plurality of terminals located on the SMU allowing the SMU to be able to receive and provide output to an inverter and at least one battery; a solar charge controller configured to receive input from a solar panel and in communication with the processor; a first controlled switching element in communication with the processor and directed by the processor to turn on or off AC mains power availability; and a second controlled switching element also under control of the processor and in connection with the solar charge controller to turn on or off battery charge output. 11. The SMU of claim 10, wherein the solar charge control is an MPPT. 12. The SMU of claim 10, wherein the SMU is configured to continuously receive measurements from a load; and direct that power be provided to the load based on these measurements. 13. The SMU of claim 10, wherein the processor is configured to prioritize directing the power be provided to a load based on a predetermined sequence contained in the SMU. 14. The SMU of claim 10, wherein the processor is configured to prioritize directing that power be provided to a load based on a predetermined sequence contained in the SMU and measurement of the operating conditions of the power system. 15. The SMU of claim 10, wherein the processor is configured to direct that power be provided from the solar panel to charge the battery when a measurement is received indicating that the voltage of the battery has fallen below a predetermined level. 16. The SMU of claim 10, wherein the processor is configured to drive power to the load from AC mains. 17. The SMU of claim 10, wherein the processor is configured to drive power to the battery from either a solar panel or AC mains power depending on the measurements received of the battery voltage. 18. The SMU of claim 10, wherein the SMU is capable of directing power from a plurality of additional DC power sources including a diesel generator. 19. The SMU of claim 10, wherein the SMU is capable of receiving directions from a wireless monitoring system. 20. A solar management unit (SMU) comprising: a processor with a memory, wherein the processor is configured to receive capacity condition measurements of a plurality of elements connected to said SMU; a plurality of terminals located on the SMU allowing the SMU to be able to receive and provide outputs to the plurality of elements including an inverter and at least one battery; a solar charge controller including an MPPT configured to receive input from a solar panel and in communication with the processor; a first controlled switching element in communication with the processor and directed by the processor to turn on or off AC mains power availability; a second controlled switching element also under control of the processor and in connection with the solar charge controller to turn on or off battery charge output; and wherein the processor is further configured to prioritize directing that power be provided to a load based on a predetermined sequence. 