The present invention provides a device and system for desorption and dehumidification, comprising a conductive electrode, a moisture absorber, and a power source. The conductive electrode comprises a first surface and a second surface opposite to the first surface, and the first surface has a plurality of protrusion elements. The moisture absorber comprises a third surface formed on the plurality of protrusions. The power source provides power to the conductive electrode such that a uniform and stable micro-discharge phenomenon is generated thereby forming a continuous charge flow. The continuous charge flow can further generate an electrical interruption for depolarizing the attraction between the moisture molecules and moisture absorber whereby the moisture molecules can be desorbed from the moisture absorber more easily.
Claims 1. A device for desorption and dehumidification, comprising: a conductive electrode, further comprising: a first surface, being formed as a coarse surface; and a second surface, arranged opposite to the first surface; a moisture absorber, further comprises: a third surface, disposed engaging to the coarse first surface; and a fourth surface, arranged opposite to the third surface; and a power source, electrically connected to the conductive electrode for providing a voltage to the conductive electrode so as to induce a current to flow from the conductive electrode to a gas for creating a gas discharge event and consequently enabling a corona layer filled with a plurality of charged particles to be formed covering the fourth surface. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the power source is substantially a high-frequency transformer capable of providing a voltage ranged between 3000V and 20000V. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein the corona layer is formed within a range extending upwardly and outwardly from the fourth surface in a direction perpendicular to the fourth surface by a corona distance. 4. The device of claim 3, wherein the corona distance is small than 2.5 cm. 5. The device of claim 1, further comprising: a heating unit, disposing on the second surface for providing heat to the conductive electrode and then to be conducted to the moisture absorber. 6. The device of claim 5, wherein the heating unit is substantially a solar energy-absorbing film capable of absorbing and converting solar energy into heat. 7. The device of claim 5, wherein the heating unit further comprises: a solar energy-absorbing film, for absorbing and converting solar energy into heat; a heat-conducting plate, disposed engaging with the second surface; and a thermal conductive element, coupled to the solar energy-absorbing film and the heat-conducting plate for conducting the heat generated from the solar energy-absorbing film to the heat-conducting plate. 8. The device of claim 1, wherein the coarse surface is a surface selected from the group consisting of: a surface configured with a plurality of holes, a surface configured with a plurality of tapered structures, and a surface configured with a plurality of holes and tapered structures. 9. The device of claim 1, wherein the conductive electrode is formed in a shape selected from the group consisting of: a panel and a tube. 10. The device of claim 1, wherein the current from the conductive electrode for the gas discharge event is ranged within 500 mA. 11. A dehumidification system with desorption ability, comprising: a rotation unit; and a plurality of dehumidifiers, respectively mounting on the rotation unit; wherein, each of the plural dehumidifiers further comprises: a conductive electrode, being formed with: a first surface, being formed as a coarse surface; and a second surface, arranged opposite to the coarse first surface; a moisture absorber, being formed with: a third surface, disposed engaging to the coarse first surface; and a fourth surface, arranged opposite to the third surface; and a power source, electrically connected to the conductive electrode for providing a voltage to the conductive electrode so as to induce a current to flow from the conductive electrode to a gas for creating a gas discharge event and consequently enabling a corona layer filled with a plurality of charged particles to be formed covering the fourth surface. 12. The dehumidification system with desorption ability of claim 11, wherein the power source is substantially a high-frequency transformer capable of providing a voltage ranged between 3000V and 20000V. 13. The dehumidification system with desorption ability of claim 11, wherein the corona layer is formed within a range extending upwardly and outwardly from the fourth surface in a direction perpendicular to the fourth surface by a corona distance. 14. The dehumidification system with desorption ability of claim 13, wherein the corona distance is small than 2.5 cm. 15. The dehumidification system with desorption ability of claim 11, further comprising: a heating unit, disposing on the second surface for providing heat to the conductive electrode and then to be conducted to the moisture absorber. 16. The dehumidification system with desorption ability of claim 15, wherein the heating unit is substantially a solar energy-absorbing film capable of absorbing and converting solar energy into heat. 17. The dehumidification system with desorption ability of claim 15, wherein the heating unit further comprises: a solar energy-absorbing film, for absorbing and converting solar energy into heat; a heat-conducting plate, disposed engaging with the second surface; and a thermal conductive element, coupled to the solar energy-absorbing film and the heat-conducting plate for conducting the heat generated from the solar energy-absorbing film to the heat-conducting plate. 18. The dehumidification system with desorption ability of claim 11, wherein the rotation unit further comprises: a driver, for providing a force of rotation; and a supporting element, coupled to the driver for receiving the force of rotation while being provided for supporting the plural dehumidifiers. 19. The dehumidification system with desorption ability of claim 18, wherein the supporting element is a formed as a device selected from the group consisting of: a rod, a polygon column and a chain conveyer. 20. The dehumidification system with desorption ability of claim 11, wherein the coarse surface is a surface selected from the group consisting of: a surface configured with a plurality of holes, a surface configured with a plurality of tapered structures, and a surface configured with a plurality of holes and tapered structures. 21. The dehumidification system with desorption ability of claim 11, wherein the conductive electrode is formed in a shape selected from the group consisting of: a panel and a tube. 22. The dehumidification system with desorption ability of claim 11, wherein the current from the conductive electrode for the gas discharge event is ranged within 500 mA. 