Embodiment of the invention extend to a device (which may be considered an asset which is purchased or which provides a service which may be purchased) which can be controlled through the use of a mobile communications device such as a cellular phone. The cellular phone is connected to a transaction processing system which allows the user to pay for the use of the device. The transaction processing system communicates with the device to allow usage of the device only if the user has successfully paid for such use. A further embodiment of the invention relates to collecting usage information of the device and collating this information at a location remote from the device.
Claims 1. A device communicatively connected to a remote transaction processing system, wherein the device comprises a dedicated power supply that is independent of a mains power supply, wherein the device has an operational state that is set according to an outcome of a transaction processed by the remote transaction processing system, and wherein the remote transaction processing system processes the transaction via communication with a separate mobile communications device. 2. The device according to claim 1, wherein the operational state is one of functional or non-functional. 3. The device according to claim 2, wherein the device is configured so that it operates only when the operational state is functional. 4. (canceled) 5. The device according to claim 2, wherein the transaction involves an attempted payment and the operational state is set to be functional for a predetermined time in response to successful processing of the payment, and wherein said predetermined time is determined by a timer included in said device or remote from said device. 6. The device according to claim 1, further comprising an activation switch, wherein processing of the transaction by the remote transaction processing system is initiated by activation of the activation switch. 7. (canceled) 8. The device according to claim 1, wherein the dedicated power supply comprises a solar collector and/or an electro-voltaic cell. 9. The device according to claim 1, wherein the device is communicatively connected to the remote transaction processing system via a wireless connection. 10-14. (canceled) 15. The device according to claim 1, further comprising a usage monitor and a memory, wherein the usage monitor records usage information of the device in the memory. 16. The device according to claim 15, wherein the device is further configured to transmit the usage information to a memory remote from the device. 17. The device according to claim 1, further comprising a timer configured to record a time and/or duration of use of the device. 18-19. (canceled) 20. The device according to claim 1, wherein the remote transaction processing system is configured to process a payment for use of the device with credit that additionally is useable to pay for use of a mobile communications device. 21. A method of setting an operational state of a device, the method comprising: processing a transaction in a remote transaction processing system; and setting the operational state of the device according to an outcome of the processing of the transaction, wherein the device has a dedicated power supply that is independent of a mains power supply and is communicatively connected to the remote transaction processing system, and wherein the transaction is processed in communication with a separate mobile communications device. 22. The method according to claim 21, wherein the operational state is one of functional or non-functional. 23-24. (canceled) 25. The method according to claim 22, wherein the device operates only when its operational state is functional, and wherein the operational state is set to be functional for a predetermined time in response to successful processing of the transaction. 26. The method according to claim 21, further comprising initiating the processing of the transaction by the transaction processing system in response to activation of an activation switch on the device. 27. (canceled) 28. The method according to claim 21, wherein the dedicated power supply comprises a solar collector and/or an electro-voltaic cell. 29-32. (canceled) 33. The method according to claim 21, wherein the transaction is initiated by interaction with the separate mobile communications device. 34. (canceled) 35. The method according to claim 21, further comprising monitoring usage of the device and recording usage information in a memory. 36. The method according to claim 35, further comprising transmitting the usage information to a memory remote from the device. 37. The method according to claim 35, wherein monitoring usage of the device and recording usage information comprises using a timer that records a time and/or duration of use of the device. 38. (canceled) 39. The method according to claim 21, wherein the remote transaction processing system processes payments, and wherein the outcome of the processing of the transaction comprises successfully processing a payment for use of the device. 40. The method according to claim 39, wherein the remote transaction processing system allows for payment for use of the device with credit that additionally is useable to pay for use of a mobile communications device. 41. A transaction system for processing a payment for use of a device, the transaction system comprising a payment clearance system configured to: (i) receive an indication of payment for use of the device, the indication of payment including identification of an account and a monetary amount; (ii) determine whether the account has sufficient cleared funds to cover the monetary amount; (iii) if the account has sufficient funds, cause the device to be set in a functional state for a determined amount of usage based on the monetary amount; and (iv) reduce a credit in the account by an amount corresponding to the monetary amount; wherein the transaction system is configured to communicate with a separate mobile communications device to receive the indication of payment, and wherein the transaction system is configured to set the device in the functional state via wireless communication with the device. 42. The transaction system according to claim 41, wherein the separate mobile communications device is a cellular phone. 43. The transaction system according to claim 41, wherein the transaction system is configured to communicate with the device through a cellular phone network. 44. (canceled) 45. A computer-implemented method of arranging payment for an asset, the method comprising: (i) charging a deposit for the asset, the deposit being less than a capital cost of the asset; (ii) in response to payment of the deposit, providing a user with possession of the asset; (iii) by a computing device, charging for a determined amount of use of the asset, wherein the amount charged for the use includes a portion allocated to the capital cost of the asset; (iv) in response to successful processing of a payment for the amount charged, by a computing device, arranging the asset so that it is usable for the determined amount of use; and (v) after successful processing of payments such that the capital cost of the asset has been paid, by a computing device, arranging the asset so that it is usable without further charges for the capital cost. 46. The method according to claim 45, wherein payment for the amount charged is received through communication with a mobile communication device. 47. The method according to claim 46, wherein the mobile communication device is a mobile phone. 48. The method according to claim 45, wherein the payment is processed by a transaction system that is remote from the asset, and wherein the transaction system receives the payment through communication with a mobile communication device. 49. The method according to claim 48, wherein the transaction system arranges the asset so that it is useable for the determined amount of use through wireless communication with the asset. 50-51. (canceled) 52. The method according to claim 45, further comprising repeatedly charging for use of the asset, each charge comprising a portion allocated to the capital cost of the asset until the capital cost of the asset is paid off. 53. (canceled) 54. The method according to claim 52, further comprising, once the capital cost of the asset has been paid off, arranging the asset so that it is useable for a charge for an amount less than the amount charged in step (iii) for use of the asset. 55. A communication system, comprising: a device having a primary function other than facilitating communication; an interface for operating the device; and a transaction processing system that is remote from the device, wherein the device, the interface, and the transaction processing system communicate wirelessly, wherein the transaction processing system is configured to process payment transactions for usage of the device, and wherein the outcome of the payment transactions determine whether the device is operational to provide its primary function. 56. The system according to claim 55, further comprising a usage monitor configured to collect usage information pertaining to use of the device, wherein the device is powered by a renewable energy source that is independent of a mains power supply, and wherein the system further comprises a processing module configured to calculate carbon offsets from the usage information. 57. The system according to claim 55, wherein the device is any one of a lamp, a radio, a kitchen appliance, a generator, or a vehicle. 58. The system according to claim 55, wherein the transaction processing system is primarily configured to process transactions relating to use of the interface as a cellular phone. 59-60. (canceled) 61. A device, comprising: equipment configured to provide a principal functionality other than two-way communication; a control unit configured to control the equipment; and communications circuitry configured for wireless communication, wherein the communications circuitry is communicatively coupled to the control unit; wherein the device is configured to operate in a plurality of operational states including a functional state and non-functional state; wherein the control unit is configured to: communicate with a remote transaction processing system via the communications circuitry and in response, receive from the remote transaction processing system an instruction that is based on a state of an account, and based on the received instruction, control whether the device is in the functional state or in the non-functional state; wherein, when the device is in the functional state, the equipment provides its principal functionality for a determined amount of use, after which the control unit is configured to transition the device to the non-functional state in which the equipment does not provide its principal functionality; and wherein, the device may return to or remain in the functional state upon further communication with the remote transaction processing system and receipt of a further instruction based on the state of the account. 62. The device according to claim 61, further comprising an interface communicatively coupled to the control unit, wherein the control unit is configured to: receive an input via the interface requesting that the equipment provide its principal functionality; and in response to receiving the input, communicate with the remote transaction processing system via the communications circuitry and receive, from the remote transaction processing system, the instruction that is based on the state of the account. 63. The device according to claim 62, wherein the interface is configured to receive input from a user that is located in the vicinity of the device. 64. The device according to claim 61, wherein in response to receipt of an instruction from the remote transaction processing system resulting from a capital amount owed for the device being paid off, the control unit is configured to transition the device to a paid off state in which the device is usable without requiring further communication with the remote transaction processing system. 65. The device according to claim 61, wherein the device is powered by a renewable energy source, the device further comprising: a usage monitor configured to collect usage information pertaining to use of the device; and a processing module configured to calculate carbon offsets based on the usage information. 