Embodiments of the present invention feature storing excess energy from solar, wind, wave, tidal and geothermal energy sources and combinations thereof in the form of upgraded fossil fuels.
Claims 1. A method of storing energy in a electric power grid having a fossil fuel plant and an irregular and poorly controlled electric power source for generating electric power, and users capable of consuming said electric power, and said fossil fuel plant is operable on low grade fossil fuel and high grade fossil fuel, said high grade fossil fuel having more energy per unit of mass than said low grade fossil fuel, said fossil fuel plant capable of variable output having high output and low output and consuming variable amounts of fossil fuel in a period, and said irregular and poorly controlled electric power source having periods in which output does not correspond to demand, said method comprising the steps of: a. operating said irregular and poorly controlled electric power source to create one or more periods of excess energy in which the variable electric power source produces more power than demand and one or more periods of deficit energy when said variable electric power source does not produce enough power for demand; b. using said excess energy to power fossil fuel upgrading assembly to process low grade fossil fuel and create a higher grade fossil fuel, and storing said higher grade fossil fuel with greater energy per unit of mass than said low grade fossil fuel; and c. operating said fossil fuel plant on high grade fossil fuel during said period of deficit energy to allow said fossil fuel plant to utilize stored energy from said variable electric power source in said higher grade fossil fuel. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said irregular and poorly controlled electric power source is selected from the group consisting of solar power sources, wind power sources, tidal power sources, wave power sources, geothermal sources and combinations thereof. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein said fossil fuel plant operates at a substantially efficient level on said stored energy in said higher grade fossil fuel during periods of high demand. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein said low grade fossil fuel is processed by electromagnetic radiation to produce a higher grade fossil fuel. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein said step of storing creates a reserve of higher grade fossil fuel in an amount to allow said fossil fuel plant to substantially continue at an efficient level of operation during said period of deficit power on said higher grade fossil fuel. 6. The method of claim 5 wherein said periods of excess power and periods of deficit power are cyclical over a day. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein said reserve is sized to at least one of the amount of higher grade fossil fuel selected from the group consisting of the amount anticipated to be produced during said period of excess energy or said amount anticipated to be used during said period of deficit power. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein said fossil fuel is upgraded to remove at least 8% of the water content. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein said low grade fossil fuel and said higher grade fossil fuel is selected from one or more of the group consisting of peat, low rank coal, high rank coal, and ranks in between, oil shale, and tar sand. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein said processing to said higher grade fossil fuel removes one or more impurities. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein said impurities comprise at least one of the compositions of the group consisting of sulfur, ash, iron, and mercury. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein said processing comprises drying in hot gases. 13. The method of claim 4 wherein said electromagnetic radiation is microwave radiation. 14. The method of claim 5 wherein said reserve is maintained in a container to maintain the higher grade fossil fuel. 15. An apparatus for generating electrical power for a power grid having periods of low demand and periods of high demand, comprising: a. an irregular and poorly controlled electric power source, said irregular and poorly controlled electric power source having periods in which output does not correspond to demand in which said demand exceeds capacity creating deficit periods and periods of capacity exceeding demand creating excess periods, said irregular and poorly controlled electric power source in electrical communication with said power grid and through said power grid or by separate transmission means, with said fossil fuel power source; b. a fossil fuel electric power source for producing electrical power, said fossil fuel power source in electrical communication with said power grid and, through said power grid or by separate transmission means, in electrical communication with said irregular and poorly controlled electrical power source, said fossil fuel electrical power source having a conveying system, a fossil fuel upgrading assembly, a burner, a generator, a source of lower grade fossil fuel, and a reserve, said source of lower grade fossil fuel in communication with a conveying system, said conveying system for receiving said lower grade fossil fuel from said source and at least one higher grade fossil fuel from a reserve or said fossil fuel upgrading assembly and transporting said lower grade fossil fuel and higher grade fossil fuel to said burner, said fossil fuel upgrading system using power and receiving a lower grade fossil fuel from said source and producing a higher grade fossil fuel which upgraded fossil fuel is directed to said reserve or conveying means, a burner in communication with said conveying system for consuming said lower grade fossil fuel and said higher grade fossil fuel, said burner powering said generator, said generator producing power for the power grid; and c. wherein said power from said irregular and poorly controlled electric power source during excess periods is used by the fossil fuel upgrading assembly to store excess power in the form of an upgraded fossil fuel and said upgraded fossil fuel is used during deficit periods to produce power. 16. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein said reserve is sized to at least one of the amounts of higher grade fossil fuel selected from the group consisting of the amount anticipated to be produced during said excess periods or said amount anticipated to be used during said deficit periods. 17. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein said reserve receives said higher grade fossil fuel during excess periods and releases said higher grade fossil fuel to said conveying system during deficit periods to allow the burner and generator to operate in an efficient mode of operation. 18. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein said reserve is a container. 19. The apparatus of claim 18 wherein said container is purged or maintained with inert gases to prevent ignition. 20. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein said fossil fuel upgrading assembly performs one or more of the group of upgrades consisting of size reduction, drying, and removal of impurities. 21. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein said fossil fuel upgrading assembly comprises electromagnetic radiation. 22. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein said electromagnetic radiation is microwave radiation. 23. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein excess periods and deficit periods are cyclical over a period of time. 24. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein said period of time is a day. 25. The apparatus of claim 15 further comprising control systems to monitor demand and output of the irregular and poorly controlled electric power source. 26. The apparatus of claim 25 wherein said control system is in signal communication with the irregular and poorly controlled power source, the power grid and the fossil fuel upgrading assembly. 27. The apparatus of claim 25 wherein said control system receives data from the power grid as to demand and data from the irregular and poorly controlled power source as to output and compares the demand and output to make a determination as to at least one of the following: whether a excess period or deficit period is present, about to occur, or ending. 28. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein the determination is provided to operators of one or more of the irregular and poorly controlled power source, power grid and fossil fuel upgrading assembly as a notice to maintain operation of the fossil fuel upgrading assembly, switch to alternative power supplies, cease operation, or begin or prepare to begin operation of the fossil fuel upgrading assembly. 29. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein the control system shifts excess power from the irregular and poorly controlled power source to the fossil fuel upgrading assembly during excess periods. 30. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein the control system is in signal communication with the conveying system and reserve and directs the reserve to release and the conveying system to convey said upgraded fossil fuel for use during deficit periods. 