An early alert system and a method for livestock disease detection are disclosed. An activity measurement zone (AMZ) is defined near an incentive device (e.g. a livestock feeder) with an RFID tag reader and a uniquely-designed feedlot fence crossbar-embedded RFID antenna, which amplifies multiple signal wavelengths in a single dipole antenna. The early alert system is configured to detect and count an animal's access into the AMZ with an RFID tag attached to the animal. If the animals' activity relative to the AMZ drops to an alarmingly low level (e.g. dropping below an alert trigger point) over time, then a user of the early alert system is informed of a potential health problem of the animal and may also be encouraged to inspect the animal in person for further determination of its current health and potential medical issues.
Claims 1. An early alert system for livestock disease detection comprising: a feedlot fence crossbar-embedded RFID antenna attached to or incorporated into a feedlot fence crossbar near a livestock feeder; an activity measurement zone (AMZ) defined by an RFID signal projection from the feedlot fence crossbar-embedded RFID antenna operatively connected to an RFID tag reader, wherein the AMZ is further specified as a zone above or around the livestock feeder; the livestock feeder located near or inside the AMZ to encourage an animal attached with an RFID tag to enter and exit the AMZ periodically or frequently; the RFID tag reader configured to read from or write to the RFID tag attached to the animal if the animal is inside the AMZ defined by the RFID signal projection from the RFID antenna; a portable or fixed main controller unit configured to control, request data from, or send data to one or more elements of the early alert system using a wireless connection, a physical connection, or both; a power supply unit configured to supply and regulate electrical power to the feedlot fence crossbar-embedded RFID antenna, the RFID tag reader, and the portable or fixed main controller unit; a computer server with a CPU and a memory unit operatively connected to the RFID tag reader and the portable or fixed main controller unit to receive information from or transmit information to the RFID tag attached to the animal; and an analytical program module configured to set, adjust, detect, and/or use an alert trigger point for alerting a user that the animal requires personal attention for further medical inspection if an AMZ count for the animal over a period of time drops below the alert trigger point, wherein the analytical program module is executed on the CPU and the memory unit of the computer server, or at least partially executed on another CPU and another memory unit in the portable or fixed main controller unit. 2. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the feedlot fence crossbar-embedded RFID antenna is a multiple-wavelength dipole antenna capable of providing RF signal amplification for a multiple number of RF signal wavelengths. 3. The early alert system of claim 1, further comprising a wireless transceiver operatively connecting the computer server, the portable or fixed main controller unit, and the RFID tag reader for data communication. 4. The early alert system of claim 1, further comprising a computerized user interface provided by a user display terminal to display information related to the RFID tag attached to the animal, including any alerts from the analytical program module. 5. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the computer server is a desktop computer or a laptop computer, which integrates a user display terminal. 6. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the RFID tag is a battery-less passive tag, and wherein the RFID tag comprises a non-volatile memory unit and an embedded RFID antenna unit. 7. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the AMZ count is tracked and counted for the animal by the analytical program module executing on the CPU and the memory unit of the computer server. 8. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the alert trigger point is either manually set by the user or statistically determined by the analytical program module executing on the CPU and the memory unit of the computer server. 9. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the action of alerting the user for further medical inspection of the animal involves transmitting a phone alert, an email alert, a text message, or an alert display on a display terminal. 10. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the RFID tag or the computer server stores at least some of information comprising a unique tag identification code for the animal, a type or grade of the animal, the animal's date of birth, gender, owner, and vaccine records. 11. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the portable or fixed main controller unit comprises a display screen, a main controller unit specific-CPU, a main controller unit-specific memory unit, a keypad interface, a wireless modem, an Ethernet controller, an RS 232 interface controller, and a GPS receiver. 12. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the power supply unit receives electrical power from a solar panel, a wind turbine, or another alternative energy source. 13. A method of alerting a potential livestock disease to a user of an early alert system with a feedlot fence crossbar-embedded RFID antenna, the method comprising the steps of: powering a main controller unit, an RFID tag reader, and the feedlot fence crossbar-embedded RFID antenna of the early alert system by using a power supply unit of the early alert system; defining an activity measurement zone (AMZ) enabled by the RFID tag reader and the feedlot fence crossbar-embedded RFID antenna to be above or around a livestock feeder, wherein the feedlot fence crossbar-embedded RFID antenna is attached to or incorporated by a feedlot fence crossbar next to the livestock feeder; attaching an RFID tag to an animal, wherein the RFID tag reader can read from or write to the RFID tag if the RFID tag is within the AMZ; activating the early alert system for livestock disease detection; monitoring the frequency of the animal's entrance into the AMZ by accessing the RFID tag attached to the animal; and if an alert trigger point is reached, informing the user of the early alert system to encourage further inspection of the animal for a potential health problem or an infection. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the step of monitoring the frequency of the animal's entrance into the AMZ involves keeping track of an AMZ entry count over a period of time in a computer server and/or the RFID tag, and comparing the AMZ entry count against the alert trigger point. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein the optional step of informing the user to encourage further inspection of the animal involves sending an alert via a display terminal, a telephone alert, an email alert, or a text message. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of keeping track of the AMZ entry count over the period of time and comparing the AMZ entry count against the alert trigger point are performed by an analytical program module executed on a CPU and a memory unit of the computer server operatively connected to the RFID tag reader. 