This application generally relates to systems and methods for authenticating a bulk quantity of a consumable product with a corresponding product. More specifically, the invention associates a bulk quantity of the consumable product with a product parameter such as a consumption rate of the consumable product within the corresponding product; provides and authorizes a key and/or reader with the bulk quantity and consumption rate data to a specific corresponding product wherein the bulk quantity and consumption rate data are correlated to a maximum consumption quantity value; monitoring consumption of the consumable product within the corresponding product until the maximum consumption quantity value is reached; and providing an event output to the corresponding product when the maximum consumption quantity value is realized.
Claims 1. A method of authenticating a bulk quantity of a consumable product with a corresponding product that utilizes the consumable product comprising the steps of: a) associating a bulk quantity of the consumable product with a consumption parameter of the consumable product within the corresponding product; b) authorizing a key with the bulk quantity and consumption parameter from step a) to a specific corresponding product wherein the bulk quantity and consumption parameter are correlated to a quantity value; c) monitoring consumption of the consumable product within the corresponding product until the quantity value is reached; d) providing an event output to the corresponding product when the quantity value is realized. 2. The method as in claim 1 wherein the event output is an audio and/or visual signal to an end-user. 3. The method as in claim 1 wherein the quantity value is any one of or a combination of total volume, total mass or time. 4. The method as in claim 3 wherein where the quantity value includes a time value. 5. The method as in claim 1 further comprising the step of altering the operation of the corresponding product when the quantity value is reached. 6. The method as in claim 5 wherein where the corresponding product is a dispenser and further comprising the step of increasing the amount of material being dispensed when the quantity value is reached. 7. The method as in claim 5 wherein the corresponding product is a dispenser and further comprising the step of decreasing the amount of material being dispensed when the quantity value is reached. 8. The method as in claim 5 wherein the corresponding product is a dispenser and further comprising the step of stopping the amount of material being dispensed when the quantity value is reached. 9. The method as in claim 1 where the key contains data including any one of or a combination of product serial number, jurisdictional data, shelf-life or quantity data. 10. A system for authenticating a bulk quantity of a consumable product with a corresponding product that utilizes the consumable product comprising: a key and reader for operative connection to the corresponding product, the key containing information relating to a consumption parameter of the consumable product and the reader having a controller for monitoring the consumption parameter of the consumable product within the corresponding product as the consumable product is being consumed relative a to quantity value; the controller monitoring consumption of the consumable product within the corresponding product and determining when the quantity value is reached, the controller providing an event output when the quantity value is reached to an output event circuit operatively connected to the controller. 11. The system as in claim 10 wherein the output event circuit includes an audio and/or visual circuit for providing an audio or visual signal to an end-user. 12. The system as in claim 10 wherein the quantity value is any one of or a combination of total volume, total mass or time. 13. The system as in claim 12 wherein where the quantity value includes a time value. 14. The system as in claim 10 wherein the controller includes means for altering the operation of the corresponding product when the quantity value is reached. 15. The system as in claim 10 wherein the corresponding product is a dispenser and the controller includes means for increasing the amount of material being dispensed when the quantity value is reached. 16. The system as in claim 10 wherein the corresponding product is a dispenser and the controller includes means for decreasing the amount of material being dispensed when the quantity value is reached. 17. The system as in claim 10 wherein the corresponding product is a dispenser and the controller includes means for stopping the amount of material being dispensed when the quantity value is reached. 18. The system as in claim 10 where the key contains data including any one of or a combination of product serial number, jurisdictional data, shelf-life or quantity data. 19. A retro-fit system for detecting consumption of a consumable product with a corresponding product that utilizes the consumable product, the system for retro-fit connection to the corresponding product, the system comprising: a body for attachment to the corresponding product, the body operatively containing: a controller operatively connected to a power supply; a reader operatively connected to the controller, the reader for operative connection with a key containing quantity information relating to the consumable product; a use detector operatively connected to the controller for detecting operation events of the corresponding product; wherein the controller includes a counter for counting operation events and includes means for calculating total consumption and comparing total consumption to the quantity information, the controller having means to activate an alarm system operatively connected to the controller in the event that total consumption exceeds the quantity information. 20. The retro-fit system as in claim 19 further comprising a solar cell operatively connected to the controller and power supply for providing solar energy to the power supply. 21. The retro-fit system as in claim 19 further comprising a communication interface operatively connected to the controller for communicating any one of or a combination of total consumption information or alarm events to a computer network. 22. The retro-fit system as in claim 19 further comprising a communication interface operatively connected to the controller for communicating any one of or a combination of total consumption information or alarm events to an adjacent retro-fit system. 23. A system as in claim 22 comprising two or more retro-fit systems, each for detecting consumption of a consumable product with a corresponding product and each operatively connected to separate corresponding products and wherein each retro-fit system includes means for communicating consumption data between each retro-fit system. 24. The retro-fit system as in claim 23 wherein each controller calculates total consumption based on consumption information received from each retro-fit system for determining if an alarm condition exists. 25. The retro-fit system as in claim 23 wherein key information between each controller is exchanged to provide authorization to multiple retro-fit systems within a network. 