The current invention for The LED device has build-in removable LED-Unit(s) which the main object has 1.sup.st illumination with its own functions and more than one LED-unit(s) has its own illumination while people operate it. This allow the one LED device has more than one of the said LED-light(s) with pre-determined function(s), effect(s), performance for illumination to keep the said all LED device become more practically device to offer at least more than one illumination from one device than ever while has power fail, emergency, hazard condition(s) or daily use purpose.
Claims 1. The LED Device has build-in removable LED-lights consist of; At least has one main-object has build-in LED element(s) to offer desire illumination while incorporate with parts & accessories selected from group combination of circuit means, Integrated circuit means (hereafter as IC), switch means, sensor means, sensor means, remote control means, blue tooth means, conductive means, energy storage means, rechargeable batteries, inductor charging parts & accessories, non-rechargeable batteries, batteries, energy storage means, solar power, chemical power, mechanical power, generator means, mechanical or electric means to generate the power means, motion electric generator(s), prong-means, resilient conductive means, contact means, screw base means, lamp holder plug means, lamp holder receiving means, conductive-means, wire and plug means, adaptor means, transformer means, or any kind of means which can get power to make the said LED-elements for illumination under pre-determined effects, functions, performance. At least one of the LED-light can removable from the said main object at any time to offer illumination which the said main-object and removable-unit(s) has its power source which may same or different with main-object to offer desire illumination while incorporate with parts & accessories selected from group combination of circuit means, Integrated circuit means (hereafter as IC), switch means, sensor means, sensor means, remote control means, blue tooth means, conductive means, energy storage means, rechargeable batteries, inductor charging parts & accessories, non-rechargeable batteries, batteries, energy storage means, solar power, chemical power, mechanical power, generator means, mechanical or electric means to generate the power means, motion electric generator(s), prong-means, resilient conductive means, contact means, screw base means, lamp holder plug means, lamp holder receiving means, conductive-means, wire and plug means, adaptor means, transformer means, or any kind of means which can get power to make the said LED-elements for illumination under pre-determined effects, functions, performance. The improvement including: The said main-object has enough space, size, housing to build-in at least one more piece of LED-lights both the main-object and LED-lights has group functions select from motion sensor, power fail, emergency light, remote control, blue tooth remote control, timer, countdown, programmable timer, dimmer switch, touch switch, photos sensor switch, switch means, sensor means, IC means, color changing, fade-in and fade-out, night light, or any other LED light functions available from market available place. The At least one or more than one removable LED-light(s) build in the said device which the device has group function may select including the Flash light, Power fail light, LED bar, LED device, LED bulb, LED lamp holder, LED florescent tube, LED light bar, emergency light, evacuation light, night light, floor light, reading light, wall light, table lamp, desk lamp, indoor lighting, outdoor lighting, The main-object has main illumination function(s) under predetermined design for period of time and other LED-light(s) as added illumination(s) while people operate under desire condition(s). 2. The LED Device has build-in removable LED-lights as claim 1, the said Removable means the other LED-light(s) can be remove, assembly, dis-assembly from the said main-object. 3. The LED Device has build-in removable LED-lights as claim 1, the said LED-element(s) can be any type, specification, shape, size, brightness, electric-terminal(s), electrode(s), viewing angle, color, power consumption rating for main-object or other LED-light(s). 4. The LED Device has build-in removable LED-lights as claim 1, the said LED-element(s) can install, arrange, fix, put, soldering, surface mounting on the related electric parts & accessories for desired illumination. 5. The LED Device has build-in removable LED-lights as claim 1, the said Main-object has its individual light functions as market available any type LED light device has build-in number of the said function(s), LED-element(s), effects(es), performance(s). 6. The LED Device has build-in removable LED-lights as claim 1, the said LED-units can be rechargeable by the inductor charging part & accessories build inside the said LED-unit(s) and the said main-object 7. The LED Device has build-in removable LED-lights as claim 1, the said inductor charging system which no need has physics electric parts or accessories to real contact which the said LED-unit(s) can be charged by magnetic passing though the plastic, isolated, non-conductive piece by the said inductive parts & accessories. 8. The LED Device has build-in removable LED-lights as claim 1, the said removable LED-lights which means has more than one of the LED-lights which at least one of the said LED-lights can be removable from the said LED Device. 