A light weight ballasted solar racking system has light ballasted weight loads and is easy and fast to install. The racking system may be used in roof or ground mount applications to mount thin film and frameless solar modules. The racking system physically attaches to the solar panel at the manufactured mounting holes with a set of struts that then attach to a ballast tray that holds the system in place. A set of struts may determine the degree of angle from about 5 to about 35 degrees, for example. The front of the ballast tray has an air pass way of about 3-5 inches, while the back of the system has about 8-12 inches of space for an air pass way. Multiple racking systems may be linked together, resulting in the need for less ballast weight for each racking system.
Claims 1. A racking system for a solar panel comprising: a ballast pan having a base and first and second sides extending from opposite ends of the base, wherein the second side extends higher than the first side; a mounting strut having a first section extending along the first side of the ballast pan such that the first side of the ballast pan extends along at least a quarter of the length of the first section of the strut, a second section running at an angle relative to the base of the ballast pan, and a third section extending along the second side of the ballast pan such that the second side of the ballast pan extends along at least a quarter of the length of the third section of the strut, wherein a first gap is defined between an end of the first side of the ballast pan and the second section of the strut and a second gap is defined between an end of the second side of the ballast pan and the second section of the strut; one or more ballast blocks disposed on the ballast pan; and wherein the solar panel is a frameless solar panel secured to the mounting strut with a plurality of retaining clips. 2. The racking system of claim 1, further comprising a foam board disposed under the ballast pan. 3. The racking system of claim 1, further comprising a solar module attachment fastener adapted to connect the mounting strut to a solar module. 4. The racking system of claim 1, further comprising an interconnection bar attached to the ballast pan of a first racking system and the ballast pan of a second, adjacent racking system. 5. The racking system of claim 1, wherein the angle is from about 5 degrees to about 35 degrees. 6. (canceled) 7. The racking system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of retaining clips are secured to the mounting strut at a first end thereof with a retention system and the second end of the retaining clips extend over an edge of the solar panel. 8. A racking system for a solar panel comprising: a ballast pan having a base and first and second sides extending from opposite ends of the base, wherein the second side extends higher than the first side; a mounting strut having a first section extending along the first side of the ballast pan such that the first side of the ballast pan extends along at least a quarter of the length of the first section of the strut, a second section running at an angle relative to the base of the ballast pan, and a third section extending along the second side of the ballast pan such that the second side of the ballast pan extends along at least a quarter of the length of the third section of the strut, wherein a first gap is defined between an end of the first side of the ballast pan and the second section of the strut and a second gap is defined between an end of the second side of the ballast pan and the second section of the strut; one or more ballast blocks disposed on the ballast pan; a foam board disposed under the ballast pan; and wherein the solar panel is a frameless solar panel secured to the mounting strut with a plurality of retaining clips. 9. The racking system of claim 8, further comprising an interconnection bar attached to the ballast pan of a first racking system and the ballast pan of a second, adjacent racking system. 10. The racking system of claim 8, wherein the angle is from about 5 degrees to about 35 degrees. 11. A method for mounting a solar module on a surface, the method comprising: disposing a ballast pan on the surface, the ballast pan having a base and first and second sides extending from opposite ends of the base, wherein the second side extends higher than the first side; providing a mounting strut having a first section extending along the first side of the ballast pan such that the first side of the ballast pan extends along at least a quarter of the length of the first section of the strut, a second section running at an angle relative to the base of the ballast pan, and a third section extending along the second side of the ballast pan such that the second side of the ballast pan extends along at least a quarter of the length of the third section of the strut, wherein a first gap is defined between an end of the first side of the ballast pan and the second section of the strut and a second gap is defined between an end of the second side of the ballast pan and the second section of the strut; securing the mounting strut to the first and second sides of the ballast pan; placing one or more ballast blocks on the ballast pan; and attaching the solar module to the mounting strut with a plurality of retaining clips. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising adjusting the size of the mounting strut such that a predetermined angle, with respect to the ballast base, is formed to mount the solar module thereupon. 