A battery power supply device is provided. The battery power supply device includes: an input unit that receives external power; a battery power unit that is connected to the input unit to charge a battery with the external power; a current detection unit that detects a current that is supplied to a load and that provides the current to the battery power unit; and an output unit that provides the external power and battery power from one node to the load and that receives a load current from the battery power unit to adjust output of the battery power.
Claims 1. A battery power supply device, comprising: an input unit that receives external power; a battery power unit that is connected to the input unit to charge a battery with the external power; a current detection unit that detects a current that is supplied to a load and that provides the current to the battery power unit; and an output unit that provides the external power and battery power from one node to the load and that receives a load current from the battery power unit to adjust output of the battery power. 2. The battery power supply device of claim 1, wherein the output unit comprises: an output terminal having one node in which an output terminal of the external power and an output terminal of the battery power meet and that provides the external power and the battery power to the load; and an inverter unit that converts DC battery power that the battery power unit supplies to AC battery power to supply the AC battery power to the output terminal and that adjusts an output of the battery power according to the load current. 3. The battery power supply device of claim 2, wherein the inverter unit comprises: an inverter that converts the DC battery power to the AC battery power and that outputs the AC battery power to the output terminal; and an inverter output control module that receives a load current from the battery power supply unit through the inverter to calculate consumption power of the load and that adjusts battery output power of the inverter according to consumption power. 4. The battery power supply device of claim 3, wherein the inverter output control module determines power that is lower than consumption power of the load as the battery output power within a maximum power limit that the inverter can output. 5. The battery power supply device of claim 4, wherein the inverter output control module determines power within a previously defined ratio of consumption power of the load as the battery output power within a maximum power limit that the inverter can output. 6. The battery power supply device of claim 3, wherein the input unit comprises: a first switch that is connected to the external power; and a converter that converts AC external power that the external power supplies to DC external power and that outputs the DC external power to the battery power unit, and the battery power unit comprises: a battery that is charged with DC external power that the converter outputs; a battery management system (BMS) module that is connected to the current detection unit and the inverter and that receives a load current through the current detection unit to provide the load current to the inverter; and an external power interception module that is connected to the first switch and the BMS module and that determines on/off of the first switch according to the control of the BMS module to control whether to supply external power. 7. The battery power supply device of claim 6, wherein the input unit further comprises a second switch that is connected to the first switch and the converter, the output unit further comprises a third switch that is connected to the battery and the inverter, and the battery power unit further comprises: a battery charge module that is connected to the second switch, the converter, and the BMS module and that determines on/off of the second switch according to the control of the BMS module to control whether to supply the external power to the converter; and a battery output module that is connected to the BMS module and the third switch and that determines on/off of the third switch according to the control of the BMS module to control whether to discharge battery power that is charged at the battery. 8. The battery power supply device of claim 7, wherein the BMS module comprises a real time clock (RTC) chip, determines on/off of the second switch and the third switch according to a previously defined time table, and provides the on/off to the battery charge module and the battery output module, and the previously defined time table comprises a battery charge time and a battery discharge time and sets on/off of the second switch and the third switch according to the battery charge time and the battery discharge time. 9. The battery power supply device of claim 8, wherein the BMS module communicates with external equipment and controls on/off of the second switch and the third switch according to a battery charge time and a battery discharge time according to a request of the external equipment. 10. A method of controlling power of a battery power supply device that receives supply of input power from an external power source and that charges a battery, the method comprising: providing the input power or battery power to a load through one node; detecting a current of the load; calculating consumption power of the load based on the current of the load; and adjusting the battery power to output to the load according to the consumption power. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the adjusting of the battery power comprises outputting power that is lower than consumption power of the load as the battery power within a maximum battery power limit that can be output. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the adjusting of the battery power comprises outputting power within a previously defined ratio of consumption power of the load as the battery power within a maximum battery power limit that can be output. 13. The method of claim 10, further comprising charging, before the providing of the input power, battery power according to a previously set battery charge time and battery discharge time. 14. The battery power supply device of claim 8, wherein the BMS module converts the second switch and the third switch to select battery charge power from one of external power and a photovoltaic (PV) battery, and controls to prevent the battery from being overcharged or overdischarged. 