A transportable photovoltaic system includes a plurality of photovoltaic devices, a composite frame to which the plurality of photovoltaic devices are affixed, and a base structure to which the composite frame is movably attached through at least one variable-angle mount structure. The orientation of the frame and the light concentrating elements relative to the base structure can be altered employing the at least one variable-angle mount structure. The frame and the plurality of photovoltaic devices can be assembled prior to shipping, and the base structure can be manufactured on site. The transportable photovoltaic system is not affixed to ground or other fixture, but can be picked up at any time during the operational lifetime. The transportable photovoltaic system can be rapidly deployed with little or no site preparation requirement other than generally level ground, and can be retracted to a lower exposure position to avoid storm and/or hazardous conditions.
Claims 1. A method of operating a plurality of photovoltaic devices comprising: mounting a plurality of photovoltaic devices to a frame; forming an assembly by attaching said frame to a base unit through at least one variable-angle mount structure, wherein said variable-angle mount structure is configured to rotate said frame around at least one axis; and placing said base unit on a horizontal surface without affixing said base unit to said horizontal surface at a location. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein said plurality of photovoltaic devices is mounted to said frame at a first location, and said frame is attached to said base unit at a second location different from said first location. 3. The method of claim 2, further comprising transporting said frame and said plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted thereupon prior to said forming of said assembly on a wheeled vehicle, a waterway-navigating vehicle, or a flying vehicle. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein said frame has a first average density, and said base unit has a second average density, wherein said second average density is greater than said first average density. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein said base unit comprises cast concrete. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein said frame comprises at least one of a composite material including fibers and a matrix material in which said fibers are embedded, steel, aluminum, magnesium and titanium. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein said at least one variable-angle mount structure includes at least one of an electrically powered strut, a hydraulically powered strut, and a pneumatically powered strut. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising sliding said assembly over said horizontal surface. 9. The method of claim 1, further comprising generating electricity from said plurality of photovoltaic devices while said base unit is placed at said location. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising rotating said frame and said plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted thereupon employing said at least one variable-angle mount structure in a direction that changes an angle between a horizontal plane and a plane of a top surface of said plurality of photovoltaic devices during said generating of electricity. 11. The method of claim 9, further comprising rotating said frame and said plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted thereupon employing said at least one variable-angle mount structure around a direction that is perpendicular to a plane of a top surface of said plurality of photovoltaic devices during said generating of electricity. 12. The method of claim 9, wherein said base unit comprises at least one channel that is raised over a bottom surface of said base unit, and said method further comprises moving said assembly from said location to another location employing at least one substantially horizontal blade that slides into said at least one channel. 13. The method of claim 9, wherein a bottom portion of said base unit includes a skid that is of contiguous and integral construction with other portions of said base unit, and said method further comprises moving said assembly from said location to another location over said horizontal surface employing said skid. 14. The method of claim 9, further comprising: attaching a plurality of through-hole-including structures on said base unit; and moving said base unit from said location to another location by lifting said assembly employing a chain or a rope that passes through said plurality of through-hole-including structures. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein said plurality of photovoltaic devices is a plurality of flat panel photovoltaic devices located on a top surface of said frame. 16.-25. (canceled) 