Different systems to achieve solar power conversion are provided in at least three different general aspects, with circuitry that can be used to harvest maximum power from a solar source (1) or strings of panels (11) for DC or AC use, perhaps for transfer to a power grid (10) three aspects can exist perhaps independently and relate to: 1) electrical power conversion in a multimodal manner, 2) alternating between differing processes such as by an alternative mode photovoltaic power converter functionality control (27), and 3) systems that can achieve efficiencies in conversion that are extraordinarily high compared to traditional through substantially power isomorphic photovoltaic DC-DC power conversion capability that can achieve 99.2% efficiency or even only wire transmission losses. Switchmode impedance conversion circuits may have pairs of photovoltaic power series switch elements (24) and pairs of photovoltaic power shunt switch elements (25).
Claims 1. A method of solar energy power creation comprising the steps of: creating a DC photovoltaic output from a string of at least two solar panels; establishing said DC photovoltaic output as a DC photovoltaic input to a photovoltaic DC-DC converter; maximum photovoltaic power point converting said DC photovoltaic input into a converted DC photovoltaic output; establishing said converted DC photovoltaic output as at least part of a converted DC photovoltaic input to at least one DC-AC inverter; and inverting said converted DC photovoltaic input into an inverted AC photovoltaic output. 2. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of creating said DC photovoltaic output from said string of at least two solar panels comprises solar panels selected from a group consisting of ten solar panels, eight solar panels, four solar panels, three solar panels and two solar panels. 3. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of maximum photovoltaic power point converting said DC photovoltaic input into a converted DC photovoltaic output comprises the steps of: serially interrupting a transmission of said DC photovoltaic output; and shunting a transmission of said DC photovoltaic output. 4. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 3 wherein both said steps of serially interrupting a transmission of said converted DC photovoltaic output and shunting a transmission of said converted DC photovoltaic output can each occur at at least two separate semiconductor switch locations. 5. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of maximum photovoltaic power point converting said DC photovoltaic input into a converted DC photovoltaic output comprises the steps of: capacitively storing parallel energy at at least some time during said step of converting; and inductively storing series energy at at least some time during said step of converting. 6. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of maximum photovoltaic power point converting said DC photovoltaic input into a converted DC photovoltaic output comprises the step of physically integrally converting said DC photovoltaic input. 7. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 1 and further comprising the step of serially connecting a plurality of photovoltaic DC-DC converters to serially connect outputs from said at least two solar panels. 8. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of inverting said converted DC photovoltaic input into an inverted AC photovoltaic output comprises the step of high voltage inverting said converted DC photovoltaic input into a high voltage inverted AC photovoltaic output. 9. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of inverting said converted DC photovoltaic input into an inverted AC photovoltaic output comprises the step of high voltage inverting said converted DC photovoltaic input into a three phase high voltage inverted AC photovoltaic output. 10. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of creating a DC photovoltaic output from a string of at least two solar panels comprises the step of c creating a DC photovoltaic output from a string of at least two cadmium-telluride solar panels. 11. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of maximum photovoltaic power point converting said DC photovoltaic input into a converted DC photovoltaic output comprises the step of full photovoltaic temperature voltage operating range converting said DC photovoltaic input. 12. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 1 and further comprising the step of comparing solar power conversion between a first power capability as compared to a second power capability. 13. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 12 wherein said step of comparing solar power conversion between said first power capability as compared to said second power capability comprises the step of switching operation between said first power capability and said second power capability. 14. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 13 wherein said step of switching operation between said first power capability and said second power capability comprises the step of switching between the steps of traditionally power converting said DC photovoltaic input and improved power converting said DC photovoltaic input. 15. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 12 wherein said step of comparing solar power conversion comprises a step selected from a group consisting of: comparing solar power output differences; comparing solar power efficiency differences; comparing solar power cost differences; and comparing solar power insolation utilizations. 16. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 14 wherein said step of improved power converting said DC photovoltaic input comprises a step selected from a group consisting of: alternatingly switching between a first modality of photovoltaic DC-DC power conversion and a second modality of photovoltaic DC-DC power conversion, substantially power isomorphically converting said DC photovoltaic input into a converted DC photovoltaic output, and multimodally converting said DC photovoltaic input into a converted DC photovoltaic output. 17. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 14 wherein said step of improved power converting said DC photovoltaic input comprises the steps of: serially interrupting a transmission of said DC photovoltaic output through circuitry such that it can each occur at at least two separate semiconductor switch locations; and shunting a transmission of said DC photovoltaic output through circuitry such that it can each occur at at least two separate semiconductor switch locations. 18. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of maximum photovoltaic power point converting said DC photovoltaic input into a converted DC photovoltaic output comprises the step of calculating a photovoltaic power parameter; and responding to said photovoltaic power parameter in accomplishing said step of maximum photovoltaic power point converting a DC photovoltaic input into a converted DC photovoltaic output. 19. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 18 wherein said step of calculating a photovoltaic power parameter comprises the step of calculating a photovoltaic multiplicative power parameter. 20. A method of solar energy power creation as described in claim 1 wherein said step of maximum photovoltaic power point converting said DC photovoltaic input into a converted DC photovoltaic output comprises the step of insolation variably adaptively converting said DC photovoltaic input into said converted DC photovoltaic output. 