A light emitting unit for continuous production of light energy that can be utilized for a variety of light applications, including with an apparatus adapted to convert light energy to electricity when insufficient sunlight is available. The light emitting unit comprises a light emitting device electrically connected to a rechargeable battery, a vibrator motor electrically connected to the battery, a drive motor electrically connected to the vibrator motor, a shaft interconnecting the drive motor and a disc, and one or more magnets on the disc. The vibrator motor has a tip magnet that is positioned opposite the magnets on the disc to rotate the disc and shaft to produce electricity from the drive motor that is used to recharge the battery. In one configuration, a photocell electrically connects to the battery and the vibrator motor and a safety circuit is disposed between the battery and the light emitting device.
Claims 1. A light emitting unit for producing light energy, comprising: a rechargeable battery; a light emitting device electrically connected to said rechargeable battery; a vibrator motor electrically connected to said rechargeable battery, said vibrator motor having a tip magnet attached thereto; a drive motor electrically connected to said vibrator motor; a disc having one or more magnets thereon; and a shaft interconnecting said disc and said drive motor, wherein said tip magnet is positioned generally opposite said one or more magnets on said disc and with the polarity of said tip magnet and said one or more magnets selected to rotatably drive said disc and said shaft so as to operate said drive motor in reverse as a generator to produce electricity from said drive motor to recharge said rechargeable battery. 2. The light emitting unit of claim 1 further comprising a safety circuit disposed between said rechargeable battery and said light emitting device to limit operation and protect said light emitting unit. 3. The light emitting unit of claim 1 further comprising a photocell electrically connected to said battery and said vibrator motor, said photocell configured to selectively allow operation of said light emitting unit when sunlight is not sufficiently available, engaging said rechargeable battery to initiate start-up of said light emitting unit. 4. A light emitting unit for producing light energy, comprising: a rechargeable battery; a light emitting device electrically connected to said rechargeable battery; a safety circuit disposed between said rechargeable battery and said light emitting device to limit operation and protect said light emitting unit; a vibrator motor electrically connected to said rechargeable battery, said vibrator motor having a tip magnet attached thereto; a photocell electrically connected to said battery and said vibrator motor, said photocell configured to selectively allow operation of said light emitting unit when sunlight is not sufficiently available, engaging said rechargeable battery to initiate start-up of said light emitting unit; a drive motor electrically connected to said vibrator motor; a disc having one or more magnets thereon; and a shaft interconnecting said disc and said drive motor, wherein said tip magnet is positioned generally opposite said one or more magnets on said disc and with the polarity of said tip magnet and said one or more magnets selected to rotatably drive said disc and said shaft so as to operate said drive motor in reverse as a generator to produce electricity from said drive motor to recharge said rechargeable battery. 5. A light emitting system for continuously producing electricity for use to power a light-powered electricity generating apparatus, said system comprising: a rechargeable battery; a light emitting device electrically connected to said rechargeable battery, said light emitting device configured to direct light energy toward said electricity generating apparatus so as to produce electricity therefrom; a vibrator motor electrically connected to said rechargeable battery, said vibrator motor having a tip magnet attached thereto; a drive motor electrically connected to said vibrator motor; a disc having one or more magnets thereon; and a shaft interconnecting said disc and said drive motor, wherein said tip magnet is positioned generally opposite said one or more magnets on said disc and with the polarity of said tip magnet and said one or more magnets selected to rotatably drive said disc and said shaft so as to operate said drive motor in reverse as a generator to produce electricity from said drive motor to recharge said rechargeable battery, provide electrical power for said light emitting device so as to power said electricity generating apparatus. 6. The light emitting system of claim 5 further comprising a photocell electrically connected to said battery and said vibrator motor, said photocell configured to selectively allow operation of said light emitting unit when sunlight is not sufficiently available, engaging said rechargeable battery to initiate start-up of said system. 7. The light emitting system of claim 6 further comprising a safety circuit disposed between said rechargeable battery and said light emitting device to limit operation and protect said system. 8. The light emitting system of claim 5 further comprising a safety circuit disposed between said rechargeable battery and said light emitting device to limit operation and protect said system. 9. The light emitting system of claim 5, wherein said electricity generating apparatus comprises a light-powered magnetically levitated device having a pair of drive shafts attached thereto so as to extend in opposite directions therefrom and rotate in response to light from said light emitting device, a drive shaft magnet on each of said one or more drive shafts configured to rotate with said drive shafts and a conductor element associated with each of said drive shaft magnets, each of said conductor elements having a stationary coil that one of said drive shaft magnets rotates relative thereto to produce electricity. 10. The light emitting system of claim 9, wherein said conductor elements are electrically connected to a grid-tie inverter configured to receive electricity from said conductor elements and distribute the electricity for use. 11. The light emitting system of claim 9, wherein said light-powered magnetically levitated device comprises a rotor block with one or more sidewalls, a photovoltaic panel on each of said one or more sidewalls, a first drive shaft attached to a first end of said rotor block so as to extend outwardly therefrom and rotate with said rotor block, a second drive shaft attached to a second end of said rotor block so as to extend outwardly therefrom and rotate with said rotor block, block wiring on said rotor block and a drive magnet magnetically engaged with said block wiring, said photovoltaic panels configured to convert the light from said light emitting device to electrical current, said block wiring electrically connected to said photovoltaic panels to receive the electrical current therefrom, said drive magnet positioned so as to magnetically engage said electrical current in said block wiring and rotate said rotor block causing rotation of each of said first drive shaft and said second drive shaft so as to generate electricity by movement of a magnetic field. 12. The light emitting system of claim 11, wherein said light-powered magnetically levitated device further comprises a first support magnet on said first drive shaft, one or more first base magnets disposed in spaced apart relation to said first support magnet so as to levitate said first drive shaft, a second support magnet on said second drive shaft and one or more second base magnets disposed in spaced apart relation to said second support magnet so as to levitate said second drive shaft. 13. The light emitting system of claim 12, wherein said conductor elements are electrically connected to a grid-tie inverter configured to receive electricity from said conductor elements and distribute the electricity for use. 