A switchgear unit switches high DC voltages, particularly for interrupting of direct current between a direct current source and an electrical device. The switchgear unit contains two connections which project from a housing and which are electrically conductively coupled by a conductor path, a contact system which is arranged between the first and second connections and an isolating apparatus that can be tripped by a thermal fuse. The thermal fuse contains a melting location which is arranged in the conductor path and which is connected first to the contact system and second via a moving conductor section to the first connection. The isolating apparatus is tripped and the connection between the conductor section and the contact system is broken at the melting location when an arc produced when the contact system is opened has caused the melting temperature of the melting location to be reached or exceeded.
Claims 1. A switchgear unit for switching high DC voltages, the switchgear unit comprising: a housing; a conductor path; two connections, including a first connection and a second connection, projecting from said housing and electrically conductively coupled by means of said conductor path; a thermal fuse; a mechanical contact system, disposed between said first and second connections, and having two contacts which can move relative to one another and can be transferred from a closed position to an open position; an isolating apparatus being tripped by means of said thermal fuse, for extinguishing an arc produced when said contacts are opened; a moving conductor section; and said thermal fuse having a melting location disposed in said conductor path and connected first to said contact system and second via said moving conductor section to said first connection, wherein said isolating apparatus being tripped and a connection between said conductor section and said mechanical contact system being broken at said melting location when the arc has caused a melting temperature of said melting location to be reached or exceeded. 2. The switchgear unit according to claim 1, wherein said isolating apparatus contains a prestressed spring element having a spring force acting indirectly or directly on said conductor section in a breaking direction. 3. The switchgear unit according to claim 2, wherein said spring element deflects said conductor section about a pivot point, which is at a distance from said melting location, when said isolating apparatus is tripped. 4. The switchgear unit according to claim 3, wherein said isolating apparatus deflects said conductor section through a pivot angle of greater than or equal to 90.degree.. 5. The switchgear unit according to claim 1, wherein said housing has an insulating chamber which adjoins said melting location and in which said conductor section is situated when said isolating apparatus has been tripped. 6. The switchgear unit according to claim 5, wherein said isolating apparatus has an isolating element which is held in said housing so as to move and which is directed against said conductor section. 7. The switchgear unit according to claim 6, wherein said isolating element, having been tripped, covers said conductor section so as to provide at least partial insulation from said melting location. 8. The switchgear unit according to claim 6, wherein said isolating element is directed in said housing so as to move in sliding fashion and, when said isolating apparatus is tripped, enters said insulating chamber together with said conductor section. 9. The switchgear unit according to claim 6, wherein said isolating element is held in said housing so as to move in rotary fashion and, when said isolating apparatus is tripped, pivots said conductor section about a pivot point, which is at a distance from said melting location. 10. The switchgear unit according to claim 1, wherein said contact system has a moving contact and a fixed contact, wherein said melting location is coupled to said fixed contact by means of one of said two contacts being an electrically conductive contact carrier so as to conduct heat. 11. The switchgear unit according to claim 10, further comprising: a rocker lever; and a trip mechanism, said moving contact is coupled to said rocker lever for operating said contact system by means of said trip mechanism. 12. The switchgear unit according to claim 1, wherein said conductor section is a flexible connecting element, said flexible connecting element having a fixed end soldered nondetachably to said first connection and a loose end soldered at said melting location. 13. The switchgear unit according to claim 1, wherein said housing holds said conductor path, said mechanical contact system, said isolating apparatus and said thermal fuse. 14. The switchgear unit according to claim 6, wherein said housing and said isolating element are made from a thermally stable plastic material. 15. The switchgear unit according to claim 6, wherein at least one of said isolating element and said insulating chamber are made from a plastic material which degases in an event of fire. 16. The switchgear unit according to claim 1, wherein said contact system has two moving contacts, wherein said melting location is coupled to one of said moving contacts by means of one of said two contacts being electrically conductive contact carrier so as to conduct heat. 17. The switchgear unit according to claim 10 wherein said conductor section is a stranded conductor, said stranded conductor having a fixed end soldered nondetachably to said first connection and a loose end soldered at said electrically conductive contact carrier. 18. The switchgear unit according to claim 6, wherein said housing and said isolating element are made from a thermoset material. 19. The switchgear unit according to claim 6, wherein at least one of said isolating element and said insulating chamber are made from a polyamide material which degases in an event of fire. 20. An isolating apparatus for interrupting direct current between a direct current source and an electrical device, the isolating apparatus comprising: a switchgear unit for switching high DC voltages, said switchgear unit containing: a housing; a conductor path; two connections, including a first connection and a second connection, projecting from said housing and electrically conductively coupled by means of said conductor path; a thermal fuse; a mechanical contact system, disposed between said first and second connections, and having two contacts which can move relative to one another and can be transferred from a closed position to an open position; the isolating apparatus being tripped by means of said thermal fuse, for extinguishing an arc produced when said contacts are opened; a moving conductor section; and said thermal fuse having a melting location disposed in said conductor path and connected first to said contact system and second via said moving conductor section to said first connection, wherein the isolating apparatus being tripped and a connection between said conductor section and said contact system being broken at said melting location when the arc has caused a melting temperature of said melting location to be reached or exceeded. 21. The isolating apparatus according to claim 20, wherein: the direct current source is a photovoltaic generator; and the electrical device is an inverter. 