A photovoltaic cell and devices using the photovoltaic cell are provided. In certain examples, the photovoltaic cell may include a first material disposed on a first electrode and effective to generate an exciton upon absorption of electromagnetic energy. In some examples, the photovoltaic cell may also include a second material electrically coupled to the first electrode and separated from the first material, the second material effective to receive the generated exciton from the first material. In other examples, the photovoltaic cell may also include a second electrode electrically coupled to the second material and electrically coupled to the first electrode. Solar panels and power systems using the photovoltaic cell are also disclosed.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic cell comprising: a first material disposed on a first electrode and effective to generate an exciton upon absorption of electromagnetic energy; a second material electrically coupled to the first electrode and separated from the first material, the second material effective to receive the generated exciton from the first material; and a second electrode electrically coupled to the second material and electrically coupled to the first electrode. 2. The photovoltaic cell of claim 1 further comprising a circuit constructed and arranged to receive current generated from the photovoltaic cell. 3. The photovoltaic cell of claim 1 in which the first material is selected from the group consisting of quantum dots, a biologically derived light harvesting composition, a dye, a film, a metal nanoparticle embedded in a solid-state semiconductor matrix, a composition comprising two or more conjugated aromatic rings, a J-aggregate and combinations thereof. 4. The photovoltaic cell of claim 1 in which the second material is selected from the group consisting of Si, GaAs, GaN, SiC, perylene, a perylene derivative, a fullerene, a fullerene derivative, a pthalocyanine, a pthalocyanine derivative, a semiconducting conjugated polymer, a semiconducting conjugated polymer derivative, a biological reaction center and combinations thereof. 5. The photovoltaic cell of claim 1 in which the first electrode and the second electrode each independently is selected from the group consisting of carbon, platinum, gold, copper, a heavily-doped semiconductor, a heavily-doped transparent semiconductor, a carbon nanotube, a semiconducting nanowire and combinations thereof. 6. The photovoltaic cell of claim 1 further comprising an optical element configured to direct electromagnetic energy to the first material. 7. The photovoltaic cell of claim 1 in which the second material is effective to separate the received, generated exciton into positive and negative charge carriers to provide a current. 8. A photovoltaic cell comprising an electromagnetic energy absorbing component and a reaction center separate from the electromagnetic energy absorbing component and configured to receive energy from the electromagnetic energy absorbing component to generate a current. 9. The photovoltaic cell of claim 7 in which the electromagnetic energy absorbing component is selected from the group consisting of quantum dots, a biologically derived light harvesting composition, a dye, a film, a metal nanoparticle embedded in a solid-state semiconductor matrix, a composition comprising two or more conjugated aromatic rings, a J-aggregate and combinations thereof. 10. The photovoltaic cell of claim 7 in which the reaction center comprises a material selected from the group consisting of Si, GaAs, GaN, SiC, perylene, a perylene derivative, a fullerene, a fullerene derivative, a pthalocyanine, a pthalocyanine derivative, a semiconducting conjugated polymer, a semiconducting conjugated polymer derivative, a biological reaction center and combinations thereof. 11. The photovoltaic cell of claim 7 further comprising a first conductive material and a second conductive material, in which the reaction center is between the first conductive material and the second conductive material, the first conductive material is between the electromagnetic energy absorbing component and the reaction center, and the first conductive material and the second conductive material are electrically coupled. 12. The photovoltaic cell of claim 11 in which the reaction center is configured to receive an exciton from the electromagnetic energy absorbing component and separate the exciton into positive and negative charge carriers such that a current may flow between the first conductive material and the second conductive material. 13. A solar panel comprising a plurality of photovoltaic cells in which at least one of the photovoltaic cells comprises the photovoltaic cell of claim 7. 14. A power system comprising the photovoltaic cell of claim 1 and a circuit electrically coupled to the photovoltaic cell of claim 1, wherein the circuit is constructed and arranged to receive current from the photovoltaic cell. 15. The power system of claim 14 wherein the circuit receiving the current comprises a charge converter electrically coupled to the photovoltaic cell and electrically coupled to a battery. 16. The power system of claim 14 further comprising an inverter electrically coupled to the battery and configured to provide an AC current from a DC current. 17. A power system comprising the photovoltaic cell of claim 7 and a circuit electrically coupled to the photovoltaic cell of claim 7, wherein the circuit is constructed and arranged to receive current from the photovoltaic cell. 18. The power system of claim 17 wherein the circuit receiving the current further comprises a charge converter electrically coupled to the photovoltaic cell and electrically coupled to a battery. 19. The power system of claim 18 further comprising an inverter electrically coupled to the battery and configured to provide an AC current from a DC current. 20. The power system of claim 17 further comprising a first conductive material and a second conductive material, in which the reaction center is between the first conductive material and the second conductive material, the first conductive material is between the electromagnetic energy absorbing component and the reaction center, and the first conductive material and the second conductive material are electrically coupled, and in which the reaction center is configured to receive an exciton from the electromagnetic energy absorbing component and separate the exciton into positive and negative charge carriers such that a current may flow between the first conductive material and the second conductive material. 21. A method of generating a current with a photovoltaic cell comprising: transferring an exciton produced from absorption of electromagnetic energy to a reaction center; and generating a current in the reaction center by separating positive and negative charge constituents of the transferred exciton. 22. The method of claim 21 further comprising configuring the reaction center to receive energy from one or more guided surface plasmon polaritons modes of the exciton. 23. The method of claim 21 further comprising absorbing the electromagnetic energy with an antenna that converts the electromagnetic energy into an exciton. 