A system is provided including: (1) an arc fault circuit interrupter having a line side terminal and a load side terminal, wherein the line side terminal is coupled to a voltage source, and (2) a current source coupled to the load side terminal to backfeed the arc fault circuit interrupter. Numerous other aspects also are provided.
Claims 1. A system comprising: an arc fault circuit interrupter ("AFCI") comprising a line side terminal and a load side terminal, wherein the line side terminal is coupled to a voltage source; and a current source coupled to the load side terminal to backfeed the AFCI. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the AFCI comprises: a switch coupled between the line side terminal and the load side terminal; an actuator coupled to the switch; and an arc fault detector circuit coupled to the actuator, wherein: if the arc fault detector circuit detects an arc fault on the load side terminal, the arc fault detector circuit causes the actuator to open the switch to disconnect the line side terminal from the load side terminal; and the actuator is adapted to operate at full load for about 500 milliseconds without failure. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the AFCI comprises a single-pole AFCI. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the AFCI comprises a two-pole AFCI. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the voltage source comprises an electric utility voltage source. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the current source comprises circuitry for disconnecting the current source from the electric utility voltage source if the electric utility voltage source voltage drops below a predetermined value. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the line side terminal comprises a line terminal, a neutral terminal and a ground terminal. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the line side terminal comprises a first line terminal, a second line terminal, a neutral terminal and a ground terminal. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the current source comprises one or more of a photovoltaic system, a wind turbine system, a hydroelectric system, and a current source generator. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the current source comprises a photovoltaic system that includes a string inverter. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the current source comprises a photovoltaic system that includes a plurality of micro-inverters. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the current source comprises circuitry for phase synchronizing the current source to the electric utility voltage source. 13. A method comprising: providing an arc fault circuit interrupter ("AFCI") comprising a line side terminal and a load side terminal, wherein the line side terminal is coupled to a voltage source; and coupling a current source to the load side terminal to backfeed the AFCI. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the AFCI comprises: a switch coupled between the line side terminal and the load side terminal; an actuator coupled to the switch; and an arc fault detector circuit coupled to the actuator, wherein: if the arc fault detector circuit detects an arc fault on the load side terminal, the arc fault detector circuit causes the actuator to open the switch to disconnect the line side terminal from the load side terminal; and the actuator is adapted to operate at full load for about 500 milliseconds without failure. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein the AFCI comprises a single-pole AFCI. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein the AFCI comprises a two-pole AFCI. 17. The method of claim 13, wherein the voltage source comprises an electric utility voltage source. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the current source comprises circuitry for disconnecting the current source from the electric utility voltage source if the electric utility voltage source voltage drops below a predetermined value. 19. The method of claim 13, wherein the line side terminal comprises a line terminal, a neutral terminal and a ground terminal. 20. The method of claim 13, wherein the line side terminal comprises a first line terminal, a second line terminal, a neutral terminal and a ground terminal. 21. The method of claim 13, wherein the current source comprises one or more of a photovoltaic system, a wind turbine system, a hydroelectric system, and a current source generator. 22. The method of claim 13, wherein the current source comprises a photovoltaic system that includes a string inverter. 23. The method of claim 13, wherein the current source comprises a photovoltaic system that includes a plurality of micro-inverters. 24. The method of claim 13, wherein the current source comprises circuitry for phase synchronizing the current source to the electric utility voltage source. 25. A photovoltaic system comprising: an arc fault circuit interrupter ("AFCI") comprising a line side terminal and a load side terminal, wherein the line side terminal is coupled to a voltage source; and an inverter coupled to the load side terminal to backfeed the AFCI. 26. The system of claim 25, wherein the AFCI comprises: a switch coupled between the line side terminal and the load side terminal; an actuator coupled to the switch; and an arc fault detector circuit coupled to the actuator, wherein: if the arc fault detector circuit detects an arc fault on the load side terminal, the arc fault detector circuit causes the actuator to open the switch to disconnect the line side terminal from the load side terminal; and the actuator is adapted to operate at full load for about 500 milliseconds without failure. 27. The system of claim 25, wherein the AFCI comprises a single-pole AFCI. 28. The system of claim 25, wherein the AFCI comprises a two-pole AFCI. 29. The system of claim 25, wherein the voltage source comprises an electric utility voltage source. 30. The system of claim 29, wherein the inverter comprises circuitry for disconnecting the current source from the electric utility voltage source if the electric utility voltage source voltage drops below a predetermined value. 31. The system of claim 25, wherein the line side terminal comprises a line terminal, a neutral terminal and a ground terminal. 32. The system of claim 25, wherein the line side terminal comprises a first line terminal, a second line terminal, a neutral terminal and a ground terminal. 33. The system of claim 25, wherein the inverter comprises a string inverter. 34. The system of claim 25, wherein the inverter comprises a plurality of micro-inverters. 35. The system of claim 25, wherein the inverter comprises circuitry for phase synchronizing an output of the inverter to the electric utility voltage source. 