A system for collecting wind and solar energy including a tower, a wind turbine, and a solar energy collector. The solar energy collector has a vertically oriented frame attached to the wind turbine. The solar energy collector is rotatably coupled to the bottom end of the tower to enable the vertically oriented frame and the wind turbine to rotate together about the tower axis. The vertically oriented frame has one or more photovoltaic panels for collecting solar energy. The solar energy collector can act as a wind foil to rotate the attached wind turbine in the direction of the wind. Alternatively, a motor can rotate the solar energy collector and wind turbine.
Claims 1. A system for collecting wind and solar energy, comprising: a tower having a top end, a bottom end, and a tower axis; a wind turbine for collecting wind energy, the wind turbine rotatably coupled to the top end of the tower; and a solar energy collector comprising a vertically oriented frame attached to the wind turbine and rotatably coupled to the bottom end of the tower to enable the vertically oriented frame and the wind turbine to rotate together about the tower axis, wherein the vertically oriented frame contains one or more photovoltaic panels for collecting solar energy. 2. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 1, wherein the one or more photovoltaic panels include at least one bifacial solar panel. 3. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 1, wherein the solar energy collector is configured to rotate in response to wind flow to direct the wind turbine substantially in a direction of the wind flow. 4. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 1, further comprising: a motor mounted to the vertically oriented frame; and a beveled frame gear engaged with a tower gear on the bottom end of the tower, wherein the motor is operatively coupled to the beveled frame gear to rotate the vertically oriented frame about the tower axis. 5. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 1, further comprising a motor mounted to the vertically oriented frame, the motor operatively coupled to the bottom end of the tower to rotate the vertically oriented frame about the tower axis.6. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 1, wherein: the wind turbine includes a rear portion opposite a front portion including one or more rotor blades; and the vertically oriented frame is coupled to the wind turbine at the rear portion. 7. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 1, further comprising an inverter for converting the solar energy collected by the one or more photovoltaic panels into AC power. 8. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 1, wherein the vertically oriented frame is coupled to the bottom end of the tower by bearings. 9. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 1, wherein the wind turbine comprises one or more rotor blades and a generator for generating electricity from a rotation of the one or more rotor blades. 10. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 1, wherein the vertically oriented frame includes a bracing structure. 11. A solar energy collector comprising: one or more photovoltaic panels for collecting solar energy; and a vertically oriented frame holding the one or more photovoltaic panels, the vertically oriented frame rotatably coupled to a bottom end of a tower and attached to a structure rotatably coupled to a top end of the tower, wherein the solar energy collector and the structure are configured to rotate together about a tower axis of the tower. 12. The solar energy collector of claim 11, wherein the structure is a wind turbine for collecting wind energy. 13. The solar energy collector of claim 12, wherein: the wind turbine includes a rear portion opposite a front portion including one or more rotor blades; and the vertically oriented frame is coupled to the wind turbine at the rear portion. 14. The solar energy collector of claim 12, wherein the wind turbine comprises one or more rotor blades and a generator for generating electricity from a rotation of the one or more rotor blades. 15. The solar energy collector of claim 11, wherein the solar energy collector is configured to rotate in response to wind flow to direct the wind turbine substantially in a direction of the wind flow. 16. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 11 further comprising: a motor mounted to the vertically oriented frame; and a beveled frame gear engaged with a tower gear on the bottom end of the tower, wherein the motor is operatively coupled to the beveled frame gear to rotate the vertically oriented frame about the tower axis. 17. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 11, further comprising a motor mounted to the vertically oriented frame, the motor operatively coupled to the bottom end of the tower to rotate the vertically oriented frame about the tower axis. 18. The solar energy collector of claim 11, wherein the one or more photovoltaic panels include at least one bifacial solar panel. 19. The solar energy collector of claim 11, further comprising an inverter for converting the solar energy collected by the one or more photovoltaic panels into AC power. 20. The solar energy collector of claim 11, wherein the vertically oriented frame is coupled to the bottom end of the tower by bearings. 21. The solar energy collector of claim 11, wherein the vertically oriented frame includes a bracing structure. 22. A system for collecting wind and solar energy, comprising: a tower having a top end, a bottom end, and a tower axis; a wind turbine for collecting wind energy, the wind turbine coupled to the top end of the tower; one or more solar panel assemblies, each solar energy collector comprising a vertically oriented frame rotatably coupled to the bottom end and the top end of the tower to enable the vertically oriented frame to rotate about the tower axis, wherein the vertically oriented frame is coupled to one or more photovoltaic panels for collecting solar energy; and a motor coupled to the tower and coupled to the one or more solar panel assemblies, the motor for rotating the one or more solar panel assemblies. 23. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 22, wherein the one or more photovoltaic panels include at least one bifacial solar panel. 24. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 22, wherein the one or more solar panel assemblies comprises a first vertically oriented frame and a second vertically oriented frame in a dual frame configuration. 25. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 24, wherein the motor is configured to rotate the first vertically oriented frame and the second vertically oriented frame into an open position and a closed position. 26. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 25, further comprising: a wind gage for measuring wind speed; a light sensor for measuring light; a processor; and a computer readable medium coupled to the processor, wherein the computer readable medium comprises code for receiving measurements from the wind gage and the light sensor, code for determining whether the wind turbine or solar panel has priority based on the measurements, and code for determining whether to rotate the first vertically oriented frame and the second vertically oriented frame into an open position or a closed position based on whether the wind turbine or the solar panel has priority. 27. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 25, wherein the first vertically oriented frame is substantially parallel to the second frame in the closed position. 28. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 22, further comprising one or more stops coupled to the wind turbine. 29. The system for collecting wind and solar energy of claim 22, further comprising a plurality of motor gears engaged with one or more frame gears, wherein the motor operatively coupled to the plurality of motor gears to rotate the one or more frame gears to rotate the one or more solar panel assemblies about the tower axis. 30. A solar energy collector comprising: one or more photovoltaic panels for collecting solar energy; and one or more vertically oriented frames, each of the one or more vertically oriented frames holding the at least one of the one or more photovoltaic panels, each of the one or more vertically oriented frames rotatably coupled to a bottom end and a top end of a tower to enable the vertically oriented frame to rotate about a tower axis of the tower, each of the one or more vertically oriented frames coupled to a motor mounted to the tower, wherein the motor is configured to rotate each of the one or more vertically oriented frames about the tower axis. 31. The solar energy collector of claim 30, wherein the one or more photovoltaic panels include at least one bifacial solar panel. 32. The solar energy collector of claim 30, wherein the one or more vertically oriented frames comprises a first vertically oriented frame and a second vertically oriented frame in a dual frame configuration. 33. The solar energy collector of claim 32, wherein the motor is further configured to rotate the first vertically oriented frame and the second vertically oriented frame into an open position and a closed position. 34. The solar energy collector of claim 33, wherein the first vertically oriented frame is substantially parallel to the second vertically oriented frame in the closed position. 