A system for recapturing light emitted by a light source and converting that light into electrical current which can be used to power the same light source or other devices. An exemplary embodiment may use photovoltaic cells to recapture light from ceiling lights and convert it into a source of power for the ceiling light. Another embodiment may be a tanning bed that recaptures light using photovoltaic cells. Some embodiments may recapture light from multiple lighting fixtures. An exemplary embodiment may include a computer and battery for storing energy produced by the photovoltaic cells. Another exemplary embodiment is a method of recapturing light emitted by a light source and converting the light into energy which can be used to power electrical activities.
Claims 1. A method for recapturing a portion of the light expelled from an electrical light source, comprising: introducing at least one electrical light source to an electrical current produced by a power source; providing light from said electrical light source; light in a first path, said first path directed toward an area to be lit from said light source, and a second path, said second path directed away from said area to be lit; exposing at least one photovoltaic cell to light and collecting at least a portion of the light expelled from said light source along said second path; and electrically connecting the at least one photovoltaic cell to said at least one electrical light source so that electrical current produced by the photovoltaic cell may be utilized by the at least one electrical light source or another energy expenditure. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of: placing said at least one photovoltaic cell in sufficient proximity to said at least one electrical light source such that it may be exposed to the light produced by said at least one electrical light source. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of: housing said at least one electrical light source in a structure that is at least partially comprised of said at least one photovoltaic cell. 4. An electricity-saving apparatus comprising: an electrical light source adapted to provide light in a first path, said first path directed toward an area to be lit from said light source, and a second path, said second path directed away from said area to be lit; at least one photovoltaic cell in close proximity to said light source, such that light in said second path is captured by said at least one photovoltaic cell while light in said first path is unobstructed by said at least one photovoltaic cell; a conducting member capable of conducting the electrical current from the photovoltaic cell array to said light source; and an inverter in electrical communication with said conducting member that is adapted to convert said DC current produced by said at least one photovoltaic cell to an AC current; wherein the overall energy from an external source used by the electrical light source is reduced proportionate to the energy obtained from said at least one photovoltaic cell. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said light source is a coil and said second path is an area contained within said coil. 6. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said light source is in the canopy of a tanning bed and said second path is away from a person in said tanning bed. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein said second path is directed towards the roof of the canopy of said tanning bed. 8. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein said second path is directed towards the exterior surfaces of the upper and lower tanning units of said tanning bed. 9. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said light source is an incandescent light bulb an said second path is in the direction of a cap of said bulb. 10. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said light source is at least one fluorescent bulb in a housing adapted to affix within a ceiling, wherein said second path is directed towards said housing. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said at least one photovoltaic cell forms a housing for said light source in its entirety. 12. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said housing only partially surrounds said light source. 13. The apparatus of claim 4, further comprising a power source in electrical communication with said electrical light source. 