A method for calculating power available for sale from an electric vehicle to an electric power market on a grid includes determining maximum DC power available from the electric vehicle; determining an electrical conversion efficiency related to a conversion of DC power from the electric vehicle to AC power; accounting for a time period in which the DC power is available from the electric vehicle; and calculating the power available for sale from the electric vehicle. A method of assessing economic value of a vehicle to grid arrangement includes calculating a total revenue amount due to providing one or more of peak power, spinning reserves, and regulation services; calculating a cost for each of producing energy, degradation due to wear, and annualized capitalization; summing the calculated costs; and determining the economic value of the vehicle to grid arrangement by comparing the summed calculated costs to the total revenue amount. A computer-implemented system for assessing economic value of a vehicle to grid arrangement includes a computer circuit configured to calculate a total revenue amount due to providing one or more of peak power, spinning reserves, and regulation services; calculate a cost for each of producing energy, degradation due to wear, and annualized capitalization; sum the calculated costs; and determine the economic value of the vehicle to grid arrangement by comparing the summed calculated costs to the total revenue amount.
Claims 1. A method for calculating power available for sale from an electric vehicle to an electric power market on a grid, the method comprising: determining maximum DC power available from the electric vehicle; determining an electrical conversion efficiency related to a conversion of DC power from the electric vehicle to AC power; accounting for a time period in which the DC power is available from the electric vehicle; and calculating the power available for sale from the electric vehicle. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising accounting for a difference in a current amount of stored energy and a full amount of stored energy in the electric vehicle. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising accounting for a range buffer required by a driver of the electric vehicle. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein said calculating comprises calculating the power available for sale by using the equation P.sub.vehicle=[[E.sub.s-(d.sub.d+d.sub.rb)/.eta..sub.veh].eta..sub.inv]/t- .sub.disp, where P.sub.vehicle is a maximum power from V2G in kW, E.sub.s a stored energy available as DC kWh to an inverter, d.sub.d a distance driven in miles since the energy storage was full, d.sub.rb a distance in miles of the range buffer required by a driver, .eta..sub.veh a vehicle driving efficiency in miles/kWh, .eta..sub.inv a dimensionless electrical conversion efficiency of a DC to AC inverter, and t.sub.disp a time the vehicle's stored energy is dispatched in hours. 5. A method of assessing economic value of a vehicle to grid arrangement, the method comprising: calculating a total revenue amount due to providing one or more of peak power, spinning reserves, and regulation services; calculating a cost for each of producing energy, degradation due to wear, and annualized capitalization; summing the calculated costs; and determining the economic value of the vehicle to grid arrangement by comparing the summed calculated costs to the total revenue amount. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein revenue from spinning reserves and regulation services comprise a capacity payment and an energy payment. 7. A method of integrating a renewable energy source into an electrical power grid, the method comprising: coupling the renewable energy source into the power grid; connecting an electric vehicle having a vehicle to grid configuration to the power grid; storing the coupled renewable energy in the electric vehicle. 8. The method of claim 7, further comprising providing one or more ancillary service to the electrical power grid subsequent to said step of storing. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein the renewable energy source comprises a wind turbine. 10. The method of claim 7, wherein the renewable energy source comprises a photovoltaic source. 11. The method of claim 7, wherein the one or more ancillary service comprises spinning reserves. 12. The method of claim 7, wherein the one or more ancillary service comprises a regulation service. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the regulation service comprises providing regulation up. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein the regulation service comprises providing regulation down. 15. A method of integrating a plurality of vehicle to grid configured electric vehicles into an electrical grid, the method comprising: contracting for the plurality of vehicle to grid configured electric vehicles to be connected to the electrical grid and available to provide services to the electrical grid during one or more agreed upon time periods; accepting power from one or more of the plurality of electric vehicles during the one or more agreed upon time periods. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising providing a peak power demand for one or more of urban rail, intercity electric rail, and an industrial user. 17. A computer-implemented system for assessing economic value of a vehicle to grid arrangement, the system comprising a computer circuit configured to: calculate a total revenue amount due to providing one or more of peak power, spinning reserves, and regulation services; calculate a cost for each of producing energy, degradation due to wear, and annualized capitalization; sum the calculated costs; and determine the economic value of the vehicle to grid arrangement by comparing the summed calculated costs to the total revenue amount. 