A string combiner is provided for coupling multiple strings of series-connected photovoltaic (PV) panels in a PV array to downstream equipment, each string including positive and negative conductors. The combiner includes a combiner box containing a busbar connected to the protection devices for receiving and combining the currents from the multiple strings of PV panels, output terminals for connection to the downstream equipment, and a disconnect device within the combiner box and including a multi-pole switch connected to the busbar for disconnecting the downstream equipment from the multiple strings. A plurality of connectors are provided for connecting selected poles of the multi-pole switch to each other or to selected ones of the output terminals in either a grounded or an ungrounded configuration.
Claims 1. A string combiner for coupling multiple strings of series-connected photovoltaic (PV) panels in a PV array to downstream equipment, each of said strings of PV panels including positive and negative conductors, said string combiner comprising a combiner box containing a busbar coupled to the positive conductors of said multiple strings of PV panels for receiving and combining the currents from said multiple strings, output terminals for connection to said downstream equipment, a disconnect device within said combiner box and including a multi-pole switch connected to said busbar for disconnecting said downstream equipment from said multiple strings, and a plurality of connectors for connecting selected poles of said multi-pole switch to each other or to selected ones of said output terminals in either a grounded or an ungrounded configuration. 2. The string combiner of claim 1 in which said connectors are adapted to connect one of the poles of said multi-pole switch either in series with the other poles of said multi-pole switch for said grounded configuration, or to said negative conductors from said multiple strings for said ungrounded configuration. 3. The string combiner of claim 1 which includes a terminal block connected to the negative conductors of said multiple strings of PV panels. 4. The string combiner of claim 3 in which said terminal block also forms one of said output terminals in said grounded configuration. 5. The string combiner of claim 1 in which said downstream equipment includes a DC-to-AC inverter. 6. The string combiner of claim 1 which includes a plurality of protection devices connecting the positive conductors of said multiple strings of PV panels to said busbar. 7. The string combiner of claim 6 in which said protection devices are fuses or circuit breakers. 8. A method of coupling multiple strings of series-connected photovoltaic (PV) panels in a PV array to downstream equipment via a string combiner box, each of said strings including positive and negative conductors, and said combiner box containing a busbar coupled to said positive conductors for combining the currents from said multiple strings, output terminals for connecting said combiner box to said downstream equipment, and a disconnect device that includes a multi-pole switch, said method comprising coupling said multiple strings to said busbar, and connecting said multi-pole switch in either a grounded configuration in which the multiple poles are connected in series between said busbar and one of said output terminals, or an ungrounded configuration in which a third pole of said switch is connected between the negative conductors of said multiple strings and one of said output terminals, and second and first poles of said switch are connected in series between said busbar and the other of said output terminals. 9. The method of claim 8 including providing connectors adapted to connect one of the poles of said multi-pole switch either in series with the other poles of said multi-pole switch for said grounded configuration, or to said negative conductors from said multiple strings for said ungrounded configuration. 10. The method of claim 8 including providing the combiner box with a terminal block connected to the negative conductors of said multiple strings of PV panels. 11. The method of claim 10 in which said terminal block also forms one of said output terminals in said grounded configuration. 12. The method of claim 8 in which said downstream equipment is a DC-to-AC inverter. 13. The method of claim 8 including providing a plurality of protection devices connecting said strings of PV panels to said busbar. 14. The method of claim 13 in which said protection devices are fuses or circuit breakers. 15. A string combiner kit for use in coupling multiple strings of series-connected photovoltaic (PV) panels in a PV array to downstream equipment, said kit comprising a combiner box containing a plurality of protection devices for connecting the box to the positive conductors of said multiple strings, a busbar connected to said protection devices for receiving and combining the currents from said multiple strings, output terminals for connection to said downstream equipment, and a disconnect device within said combiner box and including a multi-pole switch connected to said busbar for disconnecting said downstream equipment from said multiple strings, and a plurality of connectors for connecting selected ones of the poles of said multi-pole switch to each other or to selected ones of said output terminals in either a grounded or an ungrounded configuration. 16. The string combiner kit of claim 15 in which said protection devices, busbar, output terminals, disconnect device and selected ones of said connectors are pre-assembled in said combiner box in a selected one of said grounded and ungrounded configurations, and at least one connector not included in said selected configuration is included in said kit for use in converting said combiner box to the other of said configurations. 17. The string combiner kit of claim 15 in which said connectors are adapted to connect said multiple poles and said output terminals in either a grounded configuration in which said multiple poles are connected in series between said busbar and one of said output terminals, or an ungrounded configuration in which first and second poles are connected between said busbar and one of said output terminals, and a third pole is connected between the negative conductors of said multiple strings and the other of said output terminals. 