A stackable mobile platform vehicle with a body with attached tires and wheels. The vehicle body and operation components such as, computer controls, LCD screens, GPS, radio, fuel tank, engine, motor, generator and battery are removable. Motor and generator can be used together to generate electricity to supply power to lighting, communications equipment, water, water pumps, water filter and other equipment. The vehicle body or fame can be used to form buildings, walls, enclosures and the like.
Claims 1. A mobile infrastructure platform comprising: a cage body frame with at least four detachable tires and wheels; at least one removable fuel tank; at least one removable battery; at least one removable electrical generator; at least one removable electrical motor; at least one transaxle coupled to the at least one electrical motor; at least one internal combustion engine removably mounted in said cage body coupled to said electrical generator whereby electricity may be generated; at least one removable coupling between said electrical generator an said removable internal combustion; said transaxle coupled to at least one of said wheels; and, a removable deck on top on said cage body. 2. A configurable infrastructure platform comprising a ground structure formed of two or more cage body frames attached to each other forming a larger structure. 3. The configurable infrastructure platform of claim 2 further comprising at least one additional cage body frame connected to and expanding said larger structure. 4. The configurable infrastructure platform of claim 2 or 3 further comprising a soft top affixed to said larger structure forming a top cover or enclosure. 5. A method of providing an electrical supply infrastructure the method comprising: driving a mobile platform vehicle with a body, fuel tanks, and electrical and, other motive components to a site; forming a power generation system by removing at least an internal combustion engine, a coupling to an electrical generator and an electrical generator from the body of the mobile platform vehicle; supplying fuel from the mobile platform vehicle tanks to said internal combustion engine; and, producing an electrical output from said electrical generator. 6. The method of claim 5 the method further comprising: utilizing at least one of a battery, inverter and DC to DC converter from said mobile platform vehicle to charge said battery with at some of said electrical output from said electrical generator; and, using some of said electrical output provide a modified electrical output. 7. The method of claim 6 the method further comprising supplying said modified electrical output to at least one of a water pump, small electrical devices and large electrical devices. 8. A method of forming a disaster shelter comprising: driving a plurality of disaster relief infrastructure vehicles to a site; removing non-cage frame components; and connecting the cage frames to form at least one of walls and roof. 9. The method of claim 8 the method further comprising transporting photovoltaic panels on said disaster relief infrastructure vehicles and adding said photovoltaic panels to the roof of said disaster shelter. 10. The method of claim 8 the method further comprising transporting water storage on said disaster relief infrastructure vehicles and adding said water storage to the roof area of said disaster shelter whereby covering is created and at least one of water and heated water may be distributed via gravity flow. 11. The method of claim 8 the method further comprising providing illumination in and around said disaster shelter from lights removed from said disaster relief infrastructure vehicles on and providing electrical power to said lighting by at least one of batteries from said disaster relief infrastructure vehicles and an electrical generator coupled to an internal combustion engine and fuel tank removed from said disaster relief infrastructure vehicles. 