High power output may be obtained from a photovoltaic (PV) system by controlling each photovoltaic cell of a solar array individually to operate at its maximum power point. Each cell may have associated power electronics and control circuitry that may be integrated together on a chip which may be advantageously implemented in CMOS, enabling reductions in cost and size. A perturb and observe algorithm may be used to find the maximum power point by measuring the power produced at different operating points, and modifying the operating point in the direction of increased power production. In one aspect, performance of a perturb and observe algorithm may be improved in the presence of noise.
Claims 1. A circuit for controlling a photovoltaic cell, the circuit comprising: a power converter formed on a semiconductor substrate; and a controller to control the power converter, wherein the controller is formed on the semiconductor substrate. 2. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the power converter and the controller comprise CMOS devices. 3. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the power converter is configured to operate at a switching frequency of at least 1 MHz. 4. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the power converter comprises passive components formed on the semiconductor substrate. 5. The circuit of claim 4, wherein the passive components comprise a capacitor and an inductor. 6. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to control the power converter such that the photovoltaic cell operates at approximately at its maximum power point. 7. The circuit of claim 6, wherein the controller is configured to control a duty cycle of the power converter. 8. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the power converter is configured to produce an output voltage higher than an input voltage received from the photovoltaic cell. 9. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the circuit controls a single photovoltaic cell. 10. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the power converter comprises a DC/DC converter. 11. The circuit of claim 10, wherein the power converter comprises a buck converter, a zeta converter, a Cuk converter, a SEPIC converter, or a buck-boost converter. 12. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the power converter is configured to produce an output voltage lower than an input voltage received from the photovoltaic cell. 13. A circuit for controlling a photovoltaic cell, the circuit comprising: a power converter configured to operate at a switching frequency of at least 1 MHz; and a controller to control the power converter. 14. The circuit of claim 13, wherein the power converter and the controller comprise CMOS devices. 15. The circuit of claim 13, wherein the power converter comprises passive components formed on a semiconductor substrate. 16. The circuit of claim 15, wherein the passive components comprises a capacitor and an inductor. 17. The circuit of claim 13, wherein the controller is configured to control the power converter such that that the photovoltaic cell operates at approximately at its maximum power point. 18. The circuit of claim 17, wherein the controller is configured to control a duty cycle of the power converter. 19. The circuit of claim 13, wherein the power converter is configured to produce an output voltage higher than an input voltage received from the photovoltaic cell. 20. The circuit of claim 13, wherein the circuit controls a single photovoltaic cell. 21. The circuit of claim 13, wherein the power converter comprises a DC/DC converter. 22. The circuit of claim 13, wherein the power converter comprises a buck converter, a zeta converter, a Cuk converter, a SEPIC converter, or a buck-boost converter. 23. A system for controlling a plurality of photovoltaic cells, the system comprising: a first power converter coupled to a first photovoltaic cell, the first power converter being formed on a first semiconductor substrate; a first controller to control the first power converter, wherein the first controller is formed on the first semiconductor substrate; a second power converter coupled to a second photovoltaic cell, the second power converter being formed on a second semiconductor substrate; and a second controller to control the second power converter, wherein the second controller is formed on the second semiconductor substrate. 24. The system of claim 23, wherein the first and second power converters comprise CMOS devices. 25. The system of claim 23, wherein the first and second power converters are configured to operate at a switching frequency of at least 1 MHz. 26. The system of claim 23, wherein the first power converter comprises a first plurality of passive components formed on the first semiconductor substrate and the second power converter comprises a second plurality of passive components formed on the second semiconductor substrate. 27. The system of claim 26, wherein the first plurality of passive components comprises a capacitor and an inductor formed on the first semiconductor substrate. 28. The circuit of claim 23, wherein the first and second controllers are configured to control the first and second power converters, respectively such that that the first and second photovoltaic cells operate at approximately at their maximum power points. 29. The system of claim 28, wherein the first and second power converters are coupled in series, the system further comprising: a third controller that controls a current through the first and second power converters. 30. A system for controlling a plurality of photovoltaic cells, the system comprising: a first power converter coupled to a first photovoltaic cell; a first controller to control the first power converter; a second power converter in series with the first power converter and coupled to a second photovoltaic cell; a second controller to control the second power converter; and a third controller that controls a current through the first and second power converters. 31. The system of claim 30, wherein the third controller controls the current based on control signals from the first and second controllers. 32. The system of claim 30, wherein the third controller controls the current based on power signals from the first and second power converters. 33. The system of claim 30, wherein the third controller controls the current based on a change in switching frequency of the first or second power converters. 34. The system of claim 30, wherein the third controller controls the current to be substantially constant. 35. A method of controlling a photovoltaic element to operate at approximately its maximum power point, the method comprising: determining a noise parameter for a measurement at the photovoltaic element; and controlling an operating point of the photovoltaic element based on the noise parameter. 36. The method of claim 35, wherein controlling the operating point comprises controlling the photovoltaic element to operate at approximately its maximum power point. 37. The method of claim 36, wherein controlling the photovoltaic element to operate at approximately its maximum power point comprises changing a duty cycle of a power converter coupled to the photovoltaic element. 38. The method of claim 37, further comprising controlling an amount by which the duty cycle is changed based on the noise parameter. 39. The method of claim 38, wherein the amount by which the duty cycle is changed is optimized based on the noise parameter. 40. A method of controlling a photovoltaic element to operate at approximately its maximum power point, the method comprising: operating the photovoltaic element at a first operating point; measuring a first signal produced by the photovoltaic element at the first operating point; operating the photovoltaic element at a second operating point; measuring a second signal produced by the photovoltaic element at the second operating point; determining a third operating point for the photovoltaic element based on the first signal, the second signal, and an alternating value; and operating the photovoltaic element at the third operating point. 41. The method of claim 40, wherein the alternating value is a constant with an alternating sign. 42. The method of claim 41, further comprising selecting the constant based on a noise parameter for a measurement at the photovoltaic element. 43. The method of claim 40, wherein the photovoltaic element is a single photovoltaic cell, a photovoltaic module, or a photovoltaic system. 44. A photovoltaic system, comprising: a plurality of series-connected controlled cells, each controlled cell comprising: a photovoltaic cell; and a maximum power point controller coupled to the photovoltaic cell, the maximum power point controller comprising: a DC-DC converter circuit to control at least a first current generated by the photovoltaic cell based at least in part on a duty cycle of the DC-DC converter circuit; and a first controller to control the duty cycle of the DC-DC converter circuit; and the system further comprising: an inverter coupled to the plurality of series-connected controlled cells, the inverter comprising a second controller to control a second current flowing through the plurality of series-connected controlled cells. 