Power supply satellites may be launched to LEO and boosted to GEO using power generated on board from solar insolation. A cluster of power production satellites may be operated as a phased antenna array to deliver power to one or more ground-based facilities, which may be located in different time zones.
Claims 1. A satellite, comprising: a power transducer that converts solar insolation into electrical power; and an electrical propulsion system coupled to the power transducer to receive at least a portion of the electrical power converted from the solar insolation and operable during at least one mission phase to boost the satellite from a low earth orbit to a geosynchronous earth orbit. 2. The satellite of claim 1 wherein the electrical propulsion system is configured to boost the satellite from the low earth orbit in successive operations which each occur during a respective portion of each of a plurality of orbits during which the power transducer receives the solar insolation. 3. The satellite of claim 1 wherein the electrical propulsion system is directly coupled to the power transducer without any intervening electrical battery or ultra-capacitor. 4. The satellite of claim 1, further comprising: at least one power transmission antenna that can be oriented toward the earth while the satellite is in the geosynchronous earth orbit; and at least one power transmitter coupled to drive the at least one power transmission antenna with at least a portion of the electrical power converted from the solar insolation by the power transducer to transmit power that is not modulated with any communications data from the satellite towards the at least one ground-based power reception antenna. 5. The satellite of claim 1, further comprising: at least one power transmitter operable to cause at least a portion of the electrical power converted from the solar insolation by the power transducer to be provided as a non-communications electromagnetic power transmission towards at least one earth-based receiver. 6. The satellite of claim 1, further comprising: at least a first antenna to receive a pilot signal from a ground-based transmitter; at least a second antenna to receive a reference signal from a space-based transmitter; at least one power transmission antenna that can be oriented toward the earth while the satellite is in the geosynchronous earth orbit; and at least one power transmitter operable to cause at least a portion of the electrical power converted from the solar insolation by the power transducer to be provided as a non-communications electromagnetic power transmission towards at least one earth-based receiver with a phase that is responsive to a differential between the pilot signal and the reference signal. 7. The satellite of claim 6, further comprising: a controller that determines the differential between the pilot signal and the reference signal, wherein the satellite is one or a plurality of satellites each of which provides a respective electromagnetic power transmission towards the at least one earth-based receiver with respective phases controlled to form a phased array antenna. 8. The satellite of claim 7 wherein the electrical propulsion system is operable during at least another mission phase during geosynchronous earth orbit to change a position of the satellite relative to at least one other satellite. 9. The satellite of claim 1 wherein the power transducer includes at least one of a photovoltaic array system or a closed loop boiler and turbine system and the electrical propulsion system includes at least one of a Hall effect drive or an ion drive. 10. A method of operating a satellite, comprising: placing the satellite in a low earth orbit; converting solar insolation into electrical power on board the satellite; and driving an electrical propulsion system using the electrical power converted from the solar insolation to boost the satellite from the low earth orbit to a geosynchronous earth orbit. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein driving an electrical propulsion system using the electrical power converted from the solar insolation to boost the satellite from the low earth orbit to a geosynchronous earth orbit includes driving the electrical propulsion system in successive operations which each occur during a respective portion of each of a plurality of orbits during which the power transducer of the satellite receives the solar insolation. 12. The method of claim 10 wherein driving the electrical propulsion system in successive operations which each occur during a respective portion of each of a plurality of orbits during which a power transducer of the satellite receives the solar insolation includes driving the electrical propulsion system for successively longer periods during each successive operation to successively circularize the orbit of the satellite. 13. The method of claim 10 wherein driving an electrical propulsion system using the electrical power converted from the solar insolation to boost the satellite from the low earth orbit to a geosynchronous earth orbit includes directly coupling the electrical propulsion system to a power transducer of the satellite without any electrical battery, ultra-capacitor, solid fuel propellant or chemical fuel propellant. 14. The method of claim 10, further comprising: driving at least one power transmission antenna by a power transmitter with at least a portion of the electrical power converted from the solar insolation by a power transducer of the satellite to transmit power that is a non-communications electromagnetic power beam from the satellite towards at least one ground-based antenna. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising: determining a differential between a pilot signal and a reference signal; and adjusting a phase of the non-communications electromagnetic power beam to form a phased antenna array with a respective power transmission antenna of each of a plurality of other satellites. 16. The method of claim 14, further comprising: changing a position of the satellite relative to at least one other satellite during a geosynchronous earth orbit mission phase. 17. A space-based power supply system to supply power to remote facilities, comprising: a plurality of satellites, each of the satellites in geosynchronous orbit and physically uncoupled from one another, at least three of the satellites each including a respective power transducer that converts solar insolation into electrical power and a respective power transmission system including at least one power transmission antenna, wherein each of the at least three satellites receive at least one signal to synchronize the power transmission antennas of each of the power transmission systems as a phased antenna array to transmit the electric power converted from the solar insolation in the form of electromagnetic energy that is not modulated with communications data to a remote non-space-based facility. 18. The space-based power supply system of claim 17 wherein one of the plurality of satellites does not include a respective power transmission system, and includes a synchronization system that includes at least one synchronization antenna and at least one synchronization transmitter that transmits a reference signal to at least some of the at least three satellites which include the respective power transmission systems, which reference signal provides a basis to synchronize a phase of each of the power transmission antennas as a phased antenna array. 19. The space-based power supply system of claim 17 wherein one of the at least three satellites which include a respective power transmission system further includes a synchronization system that includes at least one synchronization antenna and at least one synchronization transmitter that transmits a reference signal to at least some of the other ones of the at least three satellites, which reference signal provides a basis to synchronize a phase of each of the power transmission antennas as a phased antenna array. 20. The space-based power supply system of claim 19 wherein each of the at least three satellites includes a receiver that receives a pilot signal from the non-space-based facility. 21. The space-based power supply system of claim 20 wherein each of the at least three of the satellites include a respective controller that controls the respective power transmission system based at least in part on a differential between the pilot and the reference signals to achieve the phased antenna array. 22. The space-based power supply system of claim 17, wherein each of the at least three satellites includes a respective electric propulsion system coupled to receive electrical power from the at least one power transducer and selectively operable to change a position of the satellite with respect to the other ones of the at least three satellites while in geosynchronous orbit. 23. The space-based power supply system of claim 17, wherein the electric propulsion system is coupled to receive power from the respective power transducer and is further operable to boost the satellite from the geosynchronous orbit from a low earth orbit solely using electrical power converted from the solar insolation by the power transducer. 24. A method of operating a plurality of satellites to provide power from space, the method comprising: converting solar insolation into power by a respective power transducer of each of a plurality of satellites in geosynchronous orbit, at least two of the satellites physically uncoupled from one another; receiving a pilot signal at each of at least some of the satellites in geosynchronous orbit; and operating a respective power antenna of each of at least some of the satellites in geosynchronous orbit a phased antenna array based at least in part on the received pilot signal to selectively delivering at least 1 Megawatts of power from the phased antenna array. 25. The method of claim 24 wherein operating a respective power antenna of each of at least some of the satellites in geosynchronous orbit a phased antenna array based at least in part on the received pilot signal to selectively delivering at least 1 Megawatt of power from the phased antenna array includes operating a respective power antenna of each of at least some of the satellites to transmit electromagnetic power that has not been modulated with communications information. 26. The method of claim 24, further comprising: receiving a reference signal by at least some of the satellites; determining a differential between the received reference and pilot signals; and operating a respective power transmitter of each of at least some of the satellites based on the determined differential between the received reference and pilot signals. 27. The method of claim 24, further comprising: boosting each of the satellites from low earth orbit into a respective geosynchronous orbit using power converted on board the satellite solely from solar insolation. 28. The method of claim 24, further comprising: adjusting a position of one of the satellites with respect to at least one other of the satellites using power converted on board the satellite solely from solar insolation. 29. The method of claim 24, further comprising: determining that one of the satellites in geosynchronous orbit is malfunctioning; launching a new satellite into a low earth orbit in response to determining that one of the satellites in geosynchronous orbit is malfunctioning; and boosting the launched new satellite from the low earth orbit to the geosynchronous orbit using power converted solely from solar insolation by a power transducer of the new satellite. 30. A ground-based power supply system, comprising: a pilot signal transmitter that provides a basis to synchronize transmission from each of a plurality of power transmission antennas of a plurality space-based power supply satellites to operate as a phased array antenna; a first plurality of earth-based power rectennas positioned to receive power in the form of electromagnetic energy transmitted from the power transmission antennas of the plurality of power supply satellites when power transmission antennas of the power supply satellites operate as the phased antenna array; and at least one power converter coupled to receive power from at least one of the power rectennas and configured to convert the received power to an alternating electric current for delivery to a power grid. 31. The ground-based power supply system of claim 30 wherein each of the first plurality of power rectennas comprise a net. 32. The ground-based power supply system of claim 30 wherein the first plurality of power rectennas form an elliptical rectenna array and the at least one power converter includes at least three power converters distributed at various locations about the elliptical rectenna array. 33. The ground-based power supply system of claim 30 wherein the at least one power converter includes an inverter configured to convert a direct electrical current to an alternating electrical current and a transformer to step up a voltage of the alternating electrical current. 34. The ground-based power supply system of claim 30, further comprising: a number of switches selectively operable to electrically couple at least two of the rectennas of the first plurality in parallel to one another. 35. The ground-based power supply system of claim 30, further comprising: a number of switches selectively operable to electrically couple at least two of the rectennas of the first plurality in series to one another. 36. The ground-based power supply system of claim 30, further comprising: a switching system operable to switch the transmission of electromagnetic energy by the plurality of supply satellites to at least a second plurality of earth-based power rectennas that form a second rectenna array remotely located from the first rectenna array. 37. The ground-based power supply system of claim 36 wherein the first and the second rectenna arrays are located in different time zones from one another. 38. A method of operating a ground-based power supply system, comprising: transmitting a pilot signal that provides a basis to synchronize transmission from each of a plurality of power transmission antennas of a plurality space-based power supply satellites to operate as a phased array antenna; receiving power in the form of electromagnetic energy at a first plurality of earth-based power rectennas from the power transmission antennas of the plurality of power supply satellites when power transmission antennas of the power supply satellites operate as the phased antenna array; and converting by at least one ground-based power converter the power received at the first plurality of power rectennas to an alternating electric current for delivery to a power grid. 39. The method of claim 38, further comprising: coupling at least two ground-based power converters electrically in at least one or series or parallel. 40. The method of claim 38, further comprising: from time-to-time transmitting a signal to the space-based power supply satellites that causes phased antenna array formed by the power transmission antennas of the space-based power supply satellites to change a directional component of the transmission of electromagnetic energy to switch between the first plurality of earth-based power rectennas and at least a second plurality of earth-based power rectennas located in different time zone than the first plurality of earth-based power rectennas. 