In a method and a device (10), for monitoring at least one unit part of a photovoltaic unit (20), determination of a temperature-compensated daily solar irradiated energy is carried out and a comparison of the determined temperature-compensated power ratio with a power ratio set value is carried out for the at least one plant part. A comparison of the power ratios determined on differing days or different times of year can be achieved for the photovoltaic unit (20).
Claims 1. A method for monitoring at least one unit part of a photovoltaic unit, comprising the following steps: determining a temperature-compensated'daily solar radiation energy H.sub.daycomp in Wh/m.sup.2 of the at least one unit part, wherein H daycomp = .intg. Sunrise Sunset G * ( 1 - ( T - 25 K ) * .gamma. P MPP ( T ) ) t ##EQU00009## where G=solar radiation power in W/m.sup.2, T=temperature of the at least one unit part in K, .gamma..sub.P.sub.MPP.sub.(T)=temperature coefficient of at least one photovoltaic module of the at least one unit part in 1/K at maximal power, determining a temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp in %, wherein PR daycomp = ( E day P theo ) ( H daycomp 1000 W m 2 ) * 100 % , ##EQU00010## where E.sub.day=daily energy of the at least one unit part in kWh, P.sub.theo=maximum possible power in kW of the photovoltaic unit with standard test conditions, and comparing the determined temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp with a power ratio desired value for the at least one unit part. 2. The method according to claim 1, wherein the at least one unit part comprising at least one of: at least one photovoltaic module having a large number of photovoltaic cells and at least one inverter is chosen. 3. The method according to claim 1, wherein for determining the daily energy E.sub.day a contactless direct current measurement is carried out and an instantaneous current signal determined in the process is multiplied by a direct voltage instantaneously measured at the at least one unit part. 4. The method according to claim 1, wherein the determination of the temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp and the comparison between the determined temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp and the power ratio desired value is automatically carried out for the at least one unit part. 5. The method according to claim 1, wherein the comparison between the determined temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp and the power ratio desired value for the at least one unit part is only carried out if a fixed minimal value is attained or exceeded for H.sub.daycomp. 6. The method according to claim 1, wherein at least one warning signal is output in the case of a negative deviation of the determined temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp from the power ration desired value for the at least one unit part. 7. A device comprising: at least one first apparatus for determining a temperature T of the at least one unit part, at least one second apparatus for determining a solar radiation power G in at least one unit part, at least one third apparatus for determining values for calculating a daily energy E.sub.day of the at least one unit part, and at least one fourth apparatus for at least one of calculating the daily energy E.sub.day of the at least one unit part, for calculating a temperature-compensated daily solar radiation energy H.sub.daycomp of the at least one unit part, for calculating a temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp of the at least one unit part, and for comparing the temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp with a power ratio desired value for the at least one unit part. 8. The device according to claim 7, wherein the at least one fourth apparatus is set up to carry out the following calculations: determining the temperature-compensated daily solar radiation energy H.sub.daycomp in Wh/m.sup.2, wherein H daycomp = .intg. Sunrise Sunset G * ( 1 - ( T - 25 K ) * .gamma. P MPP ( T ) ) t ##EQU00011## where G=solar radiation power in W/m.sup.2, T=temperature of the at least one unit part in K, .gamma..sub.P.sub.MPP.sub.(T)=temperature coefficient in 1/K of at least one photovoltaic module of the at least one unit part at maximal power, and determining a temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp in %, wherein PR daycomp = ( E day P theo ) ( H daycomp 1000 W m 2 ) * 100 % , ##EQU00012## where E.sub.day=daily energy of the at least one unit part in kWh, P.sub.theo=maximum possible power in kW of the photovoltaic unit with standard test conditions, and comparing the determined temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp with a power ratio desired value for the at least one unit part. 9. The device according to claim 7, wherein furthermore there is at least one fifth apparatus for outputting at least one warning signal in the case of a negative deviation of the determined temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp from the power ratio desired value. 10. The device according to claim 7, wherein the at least one first apparatus and the at least one second apparatus are associated with the photovoltaic unit. 11. The device according to claim 7, wherein a third apparatus respectively for determining values for calculating a daily energy E.sub.day are associated with an inverter of the photovoltaic unit. 12. The device according to claim 7, wherein the at least one fourth apparatus is provided by at least one arithmetic unit. 13. The device according to claim 7, wherein remote monitoring of the photovoltaic unit can be carried out by means of at least one of the at least one fourth device and the at least one fifth apparatus. 14. The device according to claim 7, wherein at least one of the first and second apparatus(es) are installed at two or more points of the photovoltaic unit for monitoring a photovoltaic unit with a power in the region of several megawatts. 15. A method for detecting at least one defect in at least one unit part of a photovoltaic unit or an entire photovoltaic unit, comprising: using a device comprising: at least one first apparatus for determining a temperature T of the at least one unit part, at least one second apparatus for determining a solar radiation power G in at least one unit part, at least one third apparatus for determining values for calculating a daily energy E.sub.day of the at least one unit part, and at least one fourth apparatus for at least one of calculating the daily energy E.sub.day of the at least one unit part, for calculating a temperature-compensated daily solar radiation energy H.sub.daycomp of the at least one unit part, for calculating a temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp of the at least one unit part, and for comparing the temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp with a power ratio desired value for the at least one unit part, wherein the method comprising the steps of: determining a temperature-compensated daily solar radiation energy H.sub.daycomp in Wh/m.sup.2 of the at least one unit part, wherein H daycomp = .intg. Sunrise Sunset G * ( 1 - ( T - 25 K ) * .gamma. P MPP ( T ) ) t ##EQU00013## where G=solar radiation power in W/m.sup.2, T=temperature of the at least one unit part in K, .sub.P.sub.MPP.sub.(T)=temperature coefficient of at least one photovoltaic module of the at least one unit part in 1/K at maximal power, determining a temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp in %, wherein PR daycomp = ( E day P theo ) ( H daycomp 1000 W m 2 ) * 100 % , ##EQU00014## where E.sub.day=daily energy of the at least one unit part in kWh, P.sub.theo=maximum possible power in kW of the photovoltaic unit with standard test conditions, and comparing the determined temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp with a power ratio desired value for the at least one unit part. 16. The method according to claim 15, wherein the at least one unit part comprising at least one of: at least one photovoltaic module having a large number of photovoltaic cells and at least one inverter is chosen. 17. The method according to claim 15, wherein for determining the daily energy E.sub.day a contactless direct current measurement is carried out and an instantaneous current signal determined in the process is multiplied by a direct voltage instantaneously measured at the at least one unit part. 18. The method according to claim 15, wherein the determination of the temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp and the comparison between the determined temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp and the power ratio desired value is automatically carried out for the at least one unit part. 19. The method according to claim 15, wherein the comparison between the determined temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp and the power ratio desired value for the at least one unit part is only carried out if a fixed minimal value is attained or exceeded for H.sub.daycomp. 20. The method according to claim 15, wherein at least one warning signal is output in the case of a negative deviation of the determined temperature-compensated power ratio PR.sub.daycomp from the power ration desired value for the at least one unit part. 