The DC-AC inversion of solar power in systems having high voltage, highly varying photovoltaic power sources may be provided to optimize input into a high voltage, high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter. The inverter may coordinate the conversion of solar power in photovoltaic DC-DC power converters to achieve a desired inverter operating condition. Desired inverter operating conditions may include singular voltage inputs, optimal voltage inputs, inverter sweet spot voltage inputs, and the like. The converters may be coordinated to convert output to optimal input characteristics of the inverter, to control a posterior photovoltaic operating condition, to control the converter for inverter operating conditions, and the like. Output from the inverter may be transferred to a power grid at high power levels with coordinated control possible for various elements.
Claims 1. A method of solar energy power inversion comprising the steps of: establishing a plurality of solar panels; creating a highly varying DC photovoltaic output from each of said plurality of solar panels; individually establishing each said highly varying DC photovoltaic output as an individual DC photovoltaic input to an individual inverter coordinated photovoltaic DC-DC converter; individually inverter coordinating conversion of each said individual DC photovoltaic input into a converted DC photovoltaic output for a high voltage, high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter; serially connecting a plurality of said converted DC photovoltaic outputs to create a combined higher voltage converted DC photovoltaic output; establishing said combined higher voltage converted DC photovoltaic output as a converted DC photovoltaic input to said high voltage, high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter; inputting said converted DC photovoltaic input at a coordinated inverter operating condition of said high voltage, high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter. 2. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 1 further comprising the step of maximum photovoltaic power point controlling each said individual inverter coordinated photovoltaic DC-DC converter. 3-4. (canceled) 5. A method of solar energy power inversion comprising the steps of: establishing at least one solar energy source; creating a highly varying DC photovoltaic output from said at least one solar energy source; establishing said highly varying DC photovoltaic output as a DC photovoltaic input to a photovoltaic DC-DC converter; inverter coordinating conversion of said DC photovoltaic input into a converted DC photovoltaic output for a high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter; establishing said converted DC photovoltaic output as a converted DC photovoltaic input to said high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter; and inverting said converted DC photovoltaic input into a high power inverted AC photovoltaic output. 6. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 5, wherein said step of inverter coordinating conversion of said DC photovoltaic input into a converted DC photovoltaic output for a high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter comprises the step of controlling said photovoltaic DC-DC converter with said high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter. 7. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 5, wherein said step of inverter coordinating conversion of said DC photovoltaic input into a converted DC photovoltaic output for a high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter comprises the step of achieving a desired inverter operating condition. 8. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 7 wherein said step of achieving a desired inverter operating condition comprises the step of achieving a desired inverter operating condition selected from the group consisting of: achieving slaved photovoltaic inverter operating condition converter functionality; achieving maximum photovoltaic inverter current converter functionality; achieving photovoltaic inverter operating condition controlling said photovoltaic DC-DC converter; achieving photovoltaic inverter maximum current determinative switching; achieving photovoltaic inverter maximum current determinative duty cycle switching photovoltaic power conversion; achieving inverter maximum current determinative duty cycle switching; achieving maximum photovoltaic inverter current controlling said photovoltaic DC-DC converter; achieving maximum photovoltaic inverter voltage converter functionality; achieving photovoltaic inverter maximum voltage determinative switching; achieving photovoltaic inverter maximum voltage determinative duty cycle switching; achieving controlling a posterior photovoltaic operating condition through control of said photovoltaic DC-DC converter; achieving protecting a posterior photovoltaic element through control of said photovoltaic DC-DC converter; achieving photovoltaic inverter protection modality of photovoltaic DC-DC power conversion; achieving photovoltaic inverter coordinated converter functionality; achieving photovoltaic posterior photovoltaic element coordinated converter functionality; achieving posterior photovoltaic element protection converter functionality; achieving controlling said photovoltaic DC-DC converter to coordinate with characteristics of a photovoltaic inverter; achieving photovoltaic inverter slavedly controlling a photovoltaic conversion modality through said photovoltaic DC-DC converter. 9. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 7 wherein said step of achieving a desired inverter operating condition comprises the step of achieving singular input to said high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter. 10. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 9 wherein said step of achieving singular input to said high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter comprises the step of achieving sweet spot input to said high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter. 11. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 7 wherein said step of achieving a desired inverter operating condition comprises the step of achieving a desired inverter operating condition with converter functionality control circuitry. 12. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 7 wherein said step of achieving a desired inverter operating condition comprises the step of achieving a desired inverter operating condition removed from said high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter. 13. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 7 wherein said step of achieving a desired inverter operating condition comprises the step of achieving a desired inverter operating condition at said photovoltaic DC-DC converter. 14. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 7 wherein said step of achieving a desired inverter operating condition comprises the step of utilizing an inverter control input. 15. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 14 wherein said step of utilizing an inverter control input comprises the step of coordinating input to said high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter with a functionality of said photovoltaic DC-DC converter. 16. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 14 wherein said step of utilizing an inverter control input comprises the step of accomplishing singular input to said high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter. 17. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 14 wherein said step of utilizing an inverter control input comprises the step of accomplishing sweet spot input to said high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter. 18. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 7 wherein said step of achieving a desired inverter operating condition comprises the step of achieving inverter-specific operation of said photovoltaic DC-DC converter. 19. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 5 further comprising the step of maximum photovoltaic power point controlling said photovoltaic DC-DC converter. 20. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 5 wherein: said step of establishing at least one solar energy source comprises the step of establishing a plurality of solar energy sources; said step of creating a highly varying DC photovoltaic output from said at least one solar energy source comprises the step of creating a highly varying DC photovoltaic output from each of said plurality of solar energy sources; said step of establishing said highly varying DC photovoltaic output as a DC photovoltaic input to a photovoltaic DC-DC converter comprises the step of individually establishing each said highly varying DC photovoltaic output as an individual DC photovoltaic input to an individual photovoltaic DC-DC converter; said step of inverter coordinating conversion of said DC photovoltaic input into a converted DC photovoltaic output for a high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter comprises the step of individually inverter coordinating conversion of each said individual DC photovoltaic input into a converted DC photovoltaic output; said step of establishing said converted DC photovoltaic output as a converted DC photovoltaic input to said high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter comprises the step of establishing a plurality of said converted DC photovoltaic outputs as a converted DC photovoltaic input to a high voltage, high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter; said step of inverting said converted DC photovoltaic input into a high power inverted AC photovoltaic output comprises the step of inverting said converted DC photovoltaic input into a high voltage, high power inverted AC photovoltaic output. 21. A method of solar energy power inversion as described in claim 20 further comprising the step of serially connecting said plurality of converted DC photovoltaic outputs to create a combined higher voltage converted DC photovoltaic output, and wherein said step of establishing a plurality of said converted DC photovoltaic outputs as a converted DC photovoltaic input to said high voltage, high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter comprises the step of establishing said combined higher voltage converted DC photovoltaic output as a converted DC photovoltaic input to said high voltage, high power photovoltaic DC-AC inverter. 22-37. (canceled) 