A modular photovolataic (PV) array system includes a PV array installed onto a fleet vehicle such as a trailer, bus etc., a host control system into which a plurality of fleet vehicles can connect to collectively generate electricity, and a subscriber system which collectively tracks energy generation and allocates respective contributions to the system.
Claims 1. A modular renewable energy tracking and allocation system comprising: a plurality of renewable energy generating devices each having a device control system and a respective device identification code; a plurality of host renewable energy systems each having a respective host identification code; a computer network; a network accessible database storing a plurality of database records containing data corresponding to said plurality of renewable energy generating devices and said plurality of host renewable energy systems; a computer server in communication with said computer network, and a software application running on said computer server for writing data to and reading data from said network accessible database; each of said host renewable energy systems including, a plurality of connection ports for receiving energy generated by said plurality of renewable energy generating devices, a central processing unit in communication with said computer network and said device control system, and a software application operating on said central processing unit operative for measuring energy received from each of said plurality of renewable energy generating devices, generating energy data corresponding to said measured energy received from each of said plurality of renewable energy generating devices, associating said energy data with said respective device identification code, and sending said energy data with said associated device identification code and said host identification code to said computer server for storage on said network accessible database. 2. The modular renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 1 wherein software application running on said computer server is further operative for allocating renewable energy credits to owners of said host renewable energy systems and/or said renewable energy generating devices. 3. The modular renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 1 wherein said central processing unit of at least one of said plurality of host renewable energy systems is in wired communication with said computer network. 4. The modular renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 1 further comprising: a wireless communication system, said computer network being in communication with said wireless communication system, at least one of said plurality of host renewable energy systems including a wireless transceiver for wirelessly communicating with said wireless communication system. 5. The modular renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 1 wherein said device control system of at least one of said renewable energy generating devices is in wired communication with a central processing unit of at least one of said host renewable energy systems. 6. The modular renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 1 further comprising: a wireless communication system, said computer network being in communication with said wireless communication system, at least one of said plurality of renewable energy generating devices including a wireless transceiver for wirelessly communicating with said wireless communication system, said device control system having a software application operating to generate energy data corresponding to energy generated while said renewable energy system is not connected to a host, said device control system sending said energy data with said associated device identification code to said computer server for storage on said network accessible database. 7. The modular renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 6 wherein said at least one of said plurality of renewable energy generating devices includes a GPS device, said energy data including location data corresponding to where said energy was generated. 8. The modular renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 1 wherein said host renewable energy system includes an electrical bus and inverter which is connected to a host breaker panel to provide electrical energy to the host electrical system 9. The modular renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 1 wherein said plurality of renewable energy generating devices comprise photovoltaic arrays. 10. The modular renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 1 wherein said host renewable energy system further comprises: a memory device, said software application running on said central processing unit of said host renewable energy system temporarily storing said energy data and said device identification code in said memory device prior to sending. 11. A renewable energy tracking and allocation system comprising: a renewable energy generating device having a device control system and a respective device identification code; a host renewable energy system having a respective host identification code; a computer network; a network accessible database storing at least one database record containing data corresponding to said renewable energy generating device and said host renewable energy system; a computer server in communication with said computer network, and a software application running on said computer server for writing data to and reading data from said network accessible database; said host renewable energy system including, at least one connection port for receiving energy generated by said renewable energy generating device, a central processing unit in communication with said computer network and said device control system, and a software application operating on said central processing unit operative for measuring energy received from said renewable energy generating device, generating energy data corresponding to said measured energy received from said renewable energy generating device, associating said energy data with said respective device identification code, and sending said energy data with said associated device identification code and said host identification code to said computer server for storage on said network accessible database. 12. The renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 11 wherein software application running on said computer server is further operative for allocating a renewable energy credit to an owner of said host renewable energy system and/or said renewable energy generating device. 13. The renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 11 wherein said central processing unit of said host renewable energy systems is in wired communication with said computer network. 14. The renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 11 further comprising: a wireless communication system, said computer network being in communication with said wireless communication system, said host renewable energy systems including a wireless transceiver for wirelessly communicating with said wireless communication system. 15. The renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 1 wherein said device control system is in wired communication with a central processing unit of said host renewable energy system. 16. The renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 1 further comprising: a wireless communication system, said computer network being in communication with said wireless communication system, said renewable energy generating device including a wireless transceiver for wirelessly communicating with said wireless communication system, said device control system having a software application operating to generate energy data corresponding to energy generated while said renewable energy system is not connected to said host, said device control system sending said energy data with said associated device identification code to said computer server for storage on said network accessible database. 17. The renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 16 wherein said renewable energy generating device includes a GPS device, said energy data including location data corresponding to where said energy was generated. 18. The renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 1 wherein said host renewable energy system includes an electrical bus and inverter which is connected to a host breaker panel to provide electrical energy to a host electrical system. 19. The renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 1 wherein said renewable energy generating device comprises a photovoltaic array. 20. The renewable energy tracking and allocation system of claim 1 wherein said host renewable energy system further comprises: a memory device, said software application running on said central processing unit of said host renewable energy system temporarily storing said energy data and said device identification code in said memory device prior to sending. 