A photovoltaic powered system with an adaptive power control and a method of operating the same. A photovoltaic panel is provided to generate electric power to supply a load. The photovoltaic powered system includes a charging control unit, a rechargeable battery unit, a first switch unit, a second switch unit, a power condition unit, and a switch control unit. The switch control unit turns on the first switch unit and turns off the second switch unit when the photovoltaic panel can generate the electric power, thus supplying the load and charging the rechargeable battery unit, respectively. The switch control unit turns off the first switch unit and turns on the second switch unit when the photovoltaic panel cannot generate the electric power, thus providing energy stored in the rechargeable battery unit to supply the load.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic powered system with an adaptive power control generating a DC voltage and a DC current through a photovoltaic panel, the DC voltage and the DC current controlled to provide an electric power to supply a load; the photovoltaic powered system comprising: a charging control unit electrically connected to the photovoltaic panel; a rechargeable battery unit electrically connected to the photovoltaic panel and the charging control unit; a first switch unit electrically connected to the photovoltaic panel; a second switch unit electrically connected to the charging control unit and the rechargeable battery unit; a power condition unit electrically connected to the photovoltaic panel, the first switch unit, and the second switch unit; and a switch control unit electrically connected to the photovoltaic panel, the first switch unit, and the second switch unit; the switch control unit receiving the DC voltage and the DC current generated from the photovoltaic panel to turn on/off the first switch unit and the second switch unit; wherein the electric power generated from the photovoltaic panel is regulated to supply the load by the power condition unit and the electric power generated from the photovoltaic panel is controlled to charge the rechargeable battery unit by the charging control unit, the switch control unit turns on the first switch unit and turns off the second switch unit when the photovoltaic panel can provide the electric power; wherein the electric power stored in the rechargeable battery unit is regulated to supply the load by the power condition unit, the switch control unit turns off the first switch unit and turns on the second switch unit when the photovoltaic panel cannot provide the electric power. 2. The photovoltaic powered system of claim 1, wherein the first switch unit is turned on and the second switch unit is turned off, the power condition unit controls an amount of the electric power generated from the photovoltaic panel and regulates an amount of the electric power provided to the load when the photovoltaic panel can provide the electric power. 3. The photovoltaic powered system of claim 2, wherein the power condition unit controls the amount of the electric power generated from the photovoltaic panel by controlling operating points of the DC voltage and the DC current. 4. The photovoltaic powered system of claim 3, wherein the power condition unit provides a maximum power point tracing (MPPT) control to control the DC voltage and the DC current operated under the maximum power point, thus generating the maximum electric power from the photovoltaic panel. 5. The photovoltaic powered system of claim 1, wherein the first switch unit is turned on and the second switch unit is turned off, the charging control unit charges the rechargeable battery unit by controlling required charging voltage and charging current of the rechargeable battery unit when the photovoltaic panel can provide the electric power. 6. The photovoltaic powered system of claim 1, wherein the first switch unit is turned off and the second switch unit is turned on, the power condition unit regulates the electric power stored in the rechargeable battery unit to supply the load when the photovoltaic panel cannot provide the electric power. 7. The photovoltaic powered system of claim 1, wherein the switch control unit produces a first control signal and a second control signal to turn on/off the first switch unit and the second switch unit, respectively. 8. The photovoltaic powered system of claim 7, wherein the first control signal and the second control signal are complementary-level signals; the second control signal is a low-level signal when the first control signal is a high-level signal and the second control signal is a high-level signal when the first control signal is a low-level signal. 9. The photovoltaic powered system of claim 1, wherein the power condition unit is a DC-to-AC inverter. 10. A method of operating a photovoltaic powered system with an adaptive power control, a photovoltaic panel generating a DC voltage and a DC current, the DC voltage and the DC current controlled to provide an electric power to supply a load; steps of operating the photovoltaic powered system with an adaptive power control comprising: (a) providing a charging control unit and a rechargeable battery unit; (b) providing a first switch unit and a second switch unit; (c) providing a power condition unit; and (d) providing a switch control unit; wherein the switch control unit receives the DC voltage and the DC current generated from the photovoltaic panel to turn on/off the first switch unit and the second switch unit. 11. The method of operating the photovoltaic powered system of claim 10, in the step (d), wherein the electric power generated from the photovoltaic panel is regulated to supply the load by the power condition unit and the electric power generated from the photovoltaic panel is controlled to charge the rechargeable battery unit by the charging control unit, the switch control unit turns on the first switch unit and turns off the second switch unit when the photovoltaic panel can provide the electric power. 12. The method of operating the photovoltaic powered system of claim 11, wherein the first switch unit is turned on and the second switch unit is turned off, the power condition unit controls an amount of the electric power generated from the photovoltaic panel and regulates an amount of the electric power provided to the load when the photovoltaic panel can provide the electric power. 13. The method of operating the photovoltaic powered system of claim 12, wherein the power condition unit controls the amount of the electric power generated from the photovoltaic panel by controlling operating points of the DC voltage and the DC current. 14. The method of operating the photovoltaic powered system of claim 13, wherein the power condition unit provides a maximum power point tracing (MPPT) control to control the DC voltage and the DC current operated under the maximum power point, thus generating the maximum electric power from the photovoltaic panel. 15. The method of operating the photovoltaic powered system of claim 11, wherein the first switch unit is turned on and the second switch unit is turned off, the charging control unit charges the rechargeable battery unit by controlling required charging voltage and charging current of the rechargeable battery unit when the photovoltaic panel can provide the electric power. 16. The method of operating the photovoltaic powered system of claim 10, in the step (d), wherein the electric power outputted from the rechargeable battery unit is regulated to supply the load by the power condition unit, the switch control unit turns off the first switch unit and turns on the second switch unit when the photovoltaic panel cannot provide the electric power. 17. The method of operating the photovoltaic powered system of claim 16, wherein the first switch unit is turned off and the second switch unit is turned on, the power condition unit regulates the electric power stored in the rechargeable battery unit to supply the load when the photovoltaic panel cannot provide the electric power. 18. The method of operating the photovoltaic powered system of claim 10, in the step (d), wherein the switch control unit produces a first control signal and a second control signal to turn on/off the first switch unit and the second switch unit, respectively. 19. The method of operating the photovoltaic powered system of claim 18, wherein the first control signal and the second control signal are complementary-level signals; the second control signal is a low-level signal when the first control signal is a high-level signal and the second control signal is a high-level signal when the first control signal is a low-level signal. 20. The method of operating the photovoltaic powered system of claim 10, wherein the power condition unit is a DC-to-AC inverter. 