A light concentrating photovoltaic system and method is provided to address potential degradation in performance of optical concentrator and PV cell assemblies, whether due to misalignments of various components within the optical concentrator (such as light guides, focusing elements and the like), misalignment between the optical concentrator and the PV cell, or other anomalies or defects within any such component. Within a single apparatus, a number of optical concentrators and corresponding sunlight receiver assemblies (including the PV cell) are provided each with a corresponding integrated power efficiency optimizer to adjust the output voltage and current of the PV cell resulting from differing efficiencies between each one of the concentrator-receiver assemblies.
Claims 1. A sunlight concentration photovoltaic apparatus comprising: a plurality of optical concentrators adapted to receive input sunlight, each optical concentrator comprising at least one focusing element having a first optical efficiency and at least one light guide having a second optical efficiency, the at least one light guide being optically coupled to the at least one focusing element, each one of the plurality of optical concentrators having a corresponding third optical efficiency; a plurality of sunlight receiver assemblies, each sunlight receiver assembly comprising a photovoltaic cell arranged to receive sunlight output from a corresponding one of the plurality of optical concentrators and an integrated power efficiency optimizer in electrical communication with said photovoltaic cell, the integrated power efficiency optimizer being configured to adjust an output voltage and current of said photovoltaic cell to reduce loss of output power of the plurality of the photovoltaic cells resulting from differences amongst the third optical efficiencies of the plurality of optical concentrators, the third optical efficiency of each one of the plurality of optical concentrators being dependent on at least a relative positioning of the at least one focusing element, the at least one light guide of said optical concentrator and the corresponding photovoltaic cell for said optical concentrator. 2. The sunlight concentration photovoltaic apparatus of claim 1 wherein the first optical efficiency comprises a measurable difference between an amount of sunlight input at said at least one focusing element and an amount of sunlight output from said at least one focusing element. 3. The sunlight concentration photovoltaic apparatus of claim 1 wherein the at least one focusing element comprises a lens or a curved reflective surface. 4. The sunlight concentration photovoltaic apparatus of claim 2 wherein the first optical efficiency is reduced by an anomaly comprised in the at least one focusing element, the anomaly selected from the group consisting of an optical aberration, material absorption, degradation of at least one sunlight impinging surface, a change in the shape of at least one sunlight impinging surface and any combination thereof. 5. The sunlight concentration photovoltaic apparatus of claim 1 wherein the second optical efficiency comprises a measurable difference between an amount of sunlight input at said least one light guide and an amount of sunlight output from said at least one light guide toward the photovoltaic cell. 6. The sunlight concentration photovoltaic apparatus of claim 5 wherein the second optical efficiency is reduced by an anomaly comprised in the at least one light guide, the anomaly selected from the group consisting of an optical aberration, material absorption, degradation of at least one light impinging surface, a change in the shape of at least one light impinging surface, premature escape of light from the at least one light guide and any combination thereof. 7. The sunlight concentration photovoltaic apparatus of claim 1 wherein each third optical efficiency is dependent on the first optical efficiency of the at least one focusing element. 8. The sunlight concentration photovoltaic apparatus of claim 1 wherein each third optical efficiency is dependent on the first optical efficiency and the second optical efficiency. 9. The sunlight concentration photovoltaic apparatus of claim 1 wherein each third optical efficiency varies over time. 10. The sunlight concentration photovoltaic apparatus of claim 9 wherein each of the integrated power efficiency optimizers continuously adjusts the output voltage and current of the photovoltaic cell with which the integrated power efficiency optimizer is in electrical communication as the third optical efficiency varies over time. 11. The sunlight concentration photovoltaic apparatus of claim 1 wherein each of said sunlight receiver assemblies comprises a substrate bearing said photovoltaic cell and said integrated power efficiency optimizer, and wherein said integrated power efficiency optimizer is disposed proximate to the photovoltaic cell. 12. The sunlight concentration photovoltaic apparatus of claim 1 wherein each of said integrated power efficiency optimizers is powered by at least one corresponding secondary photovoltaic cell. 13. The sunlight concentration photovoltaic apparatus of claim 1 wherein the integrated power efficiency optimizers of said plurality of sunlight receiver assemblies (10) are interconnected in series at a first stage with DC output, the DC output being converted to AC by a DC/AC inverter at a second stage. 14. The sunlight concentration photovoltaic apparatus of claim 1 wherein the integrated power efficiency optimizers of said plurality of sunlight receiver assemblies are interconnected in parallel at a first stage with DC output, the DC output being converted to AC by a DC/AC inverter at a second stage. 15. The sunlight concentration photovoltaic apparatus of claim 1 wherein the integrated power efficiency optimizers of said plurality of sunlight receiver assemblies are interconnected in a combination of series and parallel connections at a first stage with DC output, the DC output being converted to AC by a DC/AC inverter at a second stage. 16. A solar panel comprising the sunlight concentration photovoltaic apparatus of claim 1. 17. A method for conversion of solar power to electrical power by an array of interconnected photovoltaic cells, the method comprising: for each photovoltaic cell in said array, receiving sunlight through a corresponding optical concentrator adapted to receive input sunlight, the optical concentrator comprising at least one focusing element having a first optical efficiency and at least one light guide having a second optical efficiency, the at least one light guide being optically coupled to the at least one focusing element, each one of the plurality of optical concentrators having a corresponding third optical efficiency, said third optical efficiency being dependent on at least a relative positioning of the at least one focusing element, the at least one light guide of said optical concentrator and the corresponding photovoltaic cell for said optical concentrator; simultaneously adjusting an output voltage and current of each of the photovoltaic cells in the array to reduce loss of output power of the array resulting from differences amongst the third optical efficiencies of the array and converting an output power of each of the photovoltaic cells in the array using integrated power efficiency optimizers, each one of said integrated power efficiency optimizers being in electrical communication with a corresponding one of the photovoltaic cells; and combining the converted output power from each of the integrated power efficiency optimizers. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein: the first optical efficiency comprises a measurable difference between an amount of sunlight input at said at least one focusing element and an amount of sunlight output from said at least one focusing element; and the second optical efficiency comprises a measurable difference between an amount of sunlight input at said least one light guide and an amount of sunlight output from said at least one light guide. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein each third optical efficiency is dependent on the first optical efficiency and the second optical efficiency. 20. The method of claim 17 wherein adjusting the output voltage and current of each of the photovoltaic cells in the array comprises sensing an output current and an output voltage of each said photovoltaic cell, and locking one of the output current or output voltage to the maximum power point. 