A battery electric vehicle charging station is disclosed, having grid and vehicle connections with a DC charger and controller that selectively charges the vehicle battery directly with DC power in a first mode and converts DC power from the vehicle battery to drive an inverter in a second mode to provide AC power to a power grid.
Claims 1. A charging station for a plug-in electric vehicle (PEV), comprising: an inverter including an inverter DC input operative to receive DC input power and an inverter AC output operative to provide AC output power to an AC power grid, the inverter being operable to convert the DC input power to the AC output power; a DC charger, including: a charger DC input operative to receive power from at least one DC power source, a DC vehicle battery interface coupleable to a PEV DC battery connection, and, a DC charger output coupled to the inverter DC input to provide DC output power to the inverter, the DC charger being operative in a first mode to provide power from the charger DC input to the vehicle battery interface and in a second mode to provide power from the vehicle battery interface to the charger DC output; and, a controller operatively coupled with the DC charger to selectively switch the DC charger from the first mode to the second mode. 2. The charging station of claim 1, further including a rectifier, the rectifier including: a rectifier AC input operative to receive AC power from the AC power grid; and, a rectifier DC output operative to selectively convert the AC power to provide DC power to the charger DC input. 3. The charging station of claim 1, comprising of a photovoltaic interface coupled with the charger DC input to selectively provide DC power from a connected solar panel to charge the PEV battery. 4. The charging station of claim 3, wherein the photovoltaic interface is further coupled to the DC inverter input to selectively provide power from the solar panel to provide power to the power grid. 5. The charging station of claim 1, the DC charger including a switching circuit operative in the first mode to electrically couple the charger DC input to the vehicle battery interface and in the second mode to electrically couple the vehicle battery interface to the charger DC output. 6. The charging station of claim 1, wherein the controller is operable to receive an indicator from an external information source and to selectively switch the mode of the DC charger between the first and second modes based at least partially on the indicator. 7. The charging station of claim 6, wherein the external information source is a user-interface operative to receive a user-command. 8. The charging station of claim 6, wherein the indicator includes a current price rate for AC power supplied to the AC power grid, where the controller selectively switches the charger to the second mode if the price rate is greater than a threshold. 9. The charging station of claim 6, wherein the indicator includes a grid status, where the controller selectively switches the charger to the second mode if the grid status is unstable. 10. The charging station of claim 6, wherein the indicator includes an amount of renewable energy generation on the grid, where the controller selectively switches the charger to the first mode if the amount of renewable energy generation on the grid exceeds a predetermined threshold. 11. A method for operating a plug-in electric vehicle (PEV) charging system, comprising: selectively operating a DC charger in a first mode, including: directing DC current from a DC power source through a DC charger input to the DC charger, and directing DC current from the DC charger through a DC vehicle battery interface to a vehicle battery; and, selectively operating the DC charger in a second mode, including: directing DC current from the vehicle battery through the DC vehicle battery interface and through a DC charger to an inverter DC input, converting the DC current to AC current using an inverter, and directing AC current from the inverter through an inverter AC output to an AC power grid. 12. The method of claim 11, further including selectively operating a switching circuit in the second mode to electrically couple the charger DC input to the DC vehicle battery interface and in the first mode to electrically couple the DC vehicle battery interface to the charger DC output. 13. The method of claim 11, further including selectively operating the switching circuit based on a received indicator. 14. The method of claim 11, further including directing DC current from a solar panel through a photovoltaic interface and through a DC charger input to the DC charger in the first mode. 15. The method of claim 11, further including selectively operating the DC charger in a third mode, including: converting AC current from the AC power grid using a rectifier and charging the vehicle battery using DC current from the rectifier. 16. The method of claim 11, further including in a fourth mode, if no PEV is connected to the DC vehicle battery interface: directing DC current from a solar panel to the inverter DC input; converting the DC current to AC current at the inverter; and, directing the AC current from the inverter using the inverter to the AC power grid. 17. The method of claim 11, further including: making a determination as to whether a received indicator satisfies an operational condition; and, selectively entering the second mode based on the determination. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the operational condition is a user-command input at an interface. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein the operational condition is a preprogrammed threshold based on a status of the AC power grid. 20. The method of claim 17, wherein selectively entering the second mode based on the determination comprises entering the second mode if the indicator indicates a current price rate for AC power supplied to the power grid is a preprogrammed threshold. 21. The method of claim 11, including automatically switching to the second mode at a predetermined time. 22. The method of claim 16, further including: making a determination as to whether a received indicator includes a quantity of renewable energy generation on the grid; and, selectively entering the first mode if the amount of renewable energy generation on the grid exceeds a predetermined threshold. 