Installation for the production and storage of renewable energy (1) provided for supplying an electricity-consuming unit (2) with electricity, the installation comprising solar panels (3) and a hydrogen production unit (4, 7, 8, 9, 10), which comprises an electrolyser (4) provided to produce hydrogen and oxygen when powered by the solar panels (3), a tank (8), and a compressor (10) for injecting the hydrogen provided by the electrolyser into the tank. The installation is characterised in that the solar panels (3) are provided to supply the electricity which they produce as a priority to the electricity-consuming unit (2) until the connected load of the unit is reached. Furthermore, the installation (1) comprises a branch connection unit (6) connected to the output of the solar panels and provided to direct a part of the electricity produced to the electrolyser (4) when the power produced by the solar panels exceeds the connected load.
Claims 1-10. (canceled) 11. An installation for the production and storage of renewable energy, provided for jointly supplying an electricity-consuming unit connected to a grid, wherein the installation comprises: (a) means for generating electricity from renewable energy; (b) an inverter to convert electricity supplied by the means for generating electricity from renewable energy of the installation to an alternating current compatible with the grid; (c) a hydrogen production unit comprising i. an electrolyser provided to produce hydrogen and oxygen when powered by the means for generating electricity from renewable energy; ii. a first tank; and iii. a first compressor disposed to inject the hydrogen provided by the electrolyser into the first tank; (d) a detector provided to measure electrical power supplied by the grid to the electricity-consuming unit, wherein the means for generating electricity from renewable energy is disposed to supply energy produced by the means for generating electricity from renewable energy to the electricity-consuming unit as a priority until a connected load of the electricity-consuming unit is reached, and wherein the electricity-consuming unit comprises a branch connection unit connected to an output of the means for generating electricity from renewable energy, wherein the branch connection means is provided to direct electricity to the electrolyser, only when power measured by the detector is negative or zero, so as to direct to the electrolyser a remainder of electricity produced when power produced by the means for generating electricity from renewable energy exceeds the connected load. 12. An installation according to claim 11, wherein said branch connection means is provided to bring measured electrical power to zero or to keep the measured electrical power at zero. 13. An installation according to claim 11, wherein the hydrogen produced by the hydrogen production unit is provided to supply a fuel cell. 14. An installation according to claim 13, wherein the hydrogen produced by the hydrogen production unit is provided to supply the fuel cell of a vehicle, and wherein said installation further comprises hydrogen transfer means for transferring the hydrogen contained in the first tank of the installation into a container of the vehicle. 15. An installation according to claim 13, wherein said fuel cell is fixed and is part of said installation, and wherein said fuel cell is provided to supply electricity that said fuel cell produces to said electricity-consuming unit when the power produced by said means for generating electricity from renewable energy is less than the connected load of said electricity-consuming unit. 16. An installation according to claim 15, wherein said branch connection means is provided to bring said measured electrical power to zero or to keep said measured electrical power at zero, and said installation is provided to instruct the fuel cell to start up when said power measured by the detector is positive, and only at times when a cost of electricity from the grid is high. 17. An installation according to claim 14, wherein the installation further comprises a rectifier that enables a supply of electricity to the electrolyser from the grid so as to increase an amount of hydrogen contained in the first tank, but only when a cost of electricity from the grid is low. 18. An installation according to claim 11, wherein the hydrogen production unit further comprises a second tank and a second compressor for injecting oxygen provided by the electrolyser into the second tank. 19. An installation according to claim 18, wherein the oxygen and hydrogen produced by the electrolyser are provided to supply a fuel cell. 20. An installation according to claim 11, wherein said means for generating electricity from renewable energy comprises photovoltaic solar panels. 21. An installation according to claim 12, wherein the hydrogen produced by the hydrogen production unit is provided to supply a fuel cell. 22. An installation according to claim 21, wherein the hydrogen produced by the hydrogen production unit is provided to supply the fuel cell of a vehicle, and wherein said installation further comprises hydrogen transfer means for transferring the hydrogen contained in said first tank into a container of the vehicle. 23. An installation according to claim 22, wherein said fuel cell is fixed and is part of said installation, and wherein said fuel cell is disposed to supply electricity that said fuel cell produces to said electricity-consuming unit when the power produced by said means for generating electricity from renewable energy is less than the connected load of said electricity-consuming unit. 24. An installation according to claim 23, wherein the installation is provided to instruct the fuel cell to start up when power measured by the detector is positive, and only at times when a cost of electricity from the grid is high. 25. An installation according to claim 12, wherein the hydrogen production unit further comprises a second tank and a second compressor for injecting oxygen provided by the electrolyser into the second tank. 26. An installation according to claim 14, wherein the vehicle is a car. 