One embodiment of the invention relates to a segmented photovoltaic (PV) module which is manufactured from laminate segments. The segmented PV module includes rectangular-shaped laminate segments formed from rectangular-shaped PV laminates and further includes non-rectangular-shaped laminate segments formed from rectangular-shaped and approximately-triangular-shaped PV laminates. The laminate segments are mechanically joined and electrically interconnected to form the segmented module. Another embodiment relates to a method of manufacturing a large-area segmented photovoltaic module from laminate segments of various shapes. Other embodiments relate to processes for providing a photovoltaic array for installation at a site. Other embodiments and features are also disclosed.
Claims 1. A segmented photovoltaic module which is manufactured from laminate segments, the segmented photovoltaic module comprising: rectangular-shaped laminate segments formed from rectangular-shaped photovoltaic laminates; non-rectangular-shaped laminate segments formed from rectangular-shaped and approximately-triangular-shaped photovoltaic laminates; mechanical joints between the laminate segments; and electrical interconnections between the laminate segments. 2. The segmented photovoltaic module of claim 1, further comprising: stiffening ribs to provide mechanical support between the laminate segments. 3. The segmented photovoltaic module of claim 1, further comprising: elastomer to protect the electrical interconnections between the laminate segments. 4. The segmented photovoltaic module of claim 1, further comprising: a DC-to-AC micro-inverter or DC-to-DC power converter integrated with the module so that the module outputs AC or conditioned DC power. 5. A method of manufacturing a large-area segmented photovoltaic module from laminate segments of various shapes, the method being performed at a manufacturing facility and comprising: mechanically joining a plurality of the laminate segments of various shapes to fill a predetermined envelope for the segmented photovoltaic module; electrically interconnecting the plurality of laminate segments; forming a protective cover for the electrical interconnections; and integrating a junction box with the module for connecting to the segmented photovoltaic module. 6. The method of manufacturing of claim 5, further comprising: soldering tabbing together to form the electrical interconnections between the laminate segments. 7. The method of manufacturing of claim 5, further comprising: attaching stiffening ribs to form the mechanical interconnections between the laminate segments and to protect the electrical interconnections. 8. The method of manufacturing of claim 7, further comprising: encapsulating the electrically interconnections by filling the stiffening ribs with an elastomer. 9. The method of manufacturing of claim 5, further comprising: integrating a DC-to-AC micro-inverter or DC-to-DC power converter with the segmented photovoltaic module so that the module outputs AC or conditioned DC power. 10. The method of manufacturing of claim 5, wherein the shapes of the laminate segments include non-rectangular shapes 11. The method of manufacturing of claim 10, wherein the non-rectangular shapes include approximately-triangular shapes. 12. A process for providing a photovoltaic array for installation at a site, the process comprising: receiving survey data of the site at which the photovoltaic array is to be installed; determining a customized envelope which defines a selected area of the site; determining a corresponding set of laminate segments which are designed to be arranged to cover the selected area and includes non-rectangular-shaped laminate segments. 13. The process of claim 12, further comprising: mechanically joining and electrically interconnecting the laminate segments at a manufacturing facility to form a segmented large-area photovoltaic module; and transporting the segmented large-area photovoltaic module to the installation site. 14. The process of claim 13, further comprising: soldering tabbing together to form the electrical interconnections between the laminate segments. 15. The process of claim 13, further comprising: attaching stiffening ribs to support the mechanical joints between the laminate segments and to protect the electrical interconnections. 16. The process of claim 13, further comprising: encapsulating the electrically interconnections by filling the stiffening ribs with an elastomer. 17. The process of claim 13, further comprising: integrating a DC-to-AC micro-inverter or DC-to-DC power converter with the large-area segmented photovoltaic module so that the module outputs AC or conditioned DC power. 18. The process of claim 13, further comprising: integrating a junction box with the large-area segmented photovoltaic module for connections to the module. 19. A process for providing a photovoltaic array for installation at a site, the process comprising: receiving survey data of the site at which the photovoltaic array is to be installed; determining a customized envelope which defines a selected area of the site; and determining a custom set of pre-fabricated segmented modules which are designed to be arranged to cover the selected area and includes non-rectangular-shaped segmented modules. 20. The process of claim 19, wherein the custom set of pre-fabricated segmented modules includes modules having at least two different shapes. 21. The process of claim 20, wherein the custom set of pre-fabricated segmented modules is selected from a fractal set of pre-fabricated segmented modules. 