Apparatuses and methods include a photovoltaic energy production unit to generate electricity. A local management unit is coupled between the photovoltaic energy production unit and a connection of energy production units forming a string bus. The local management unit includes a controller and switching circuitry. The controller provide a control for the switching circuitry to deliver electrical energy to the string bus. A communication transmission modulator is associated with the local management unit. The communication transmission modulator modulates the control with data to be transmitted from the local management unit over the string bus.
Claims 1. An apparatus, comprising: a photovoltaic energy production unit to generate electricity; a local management unit, coupled between the photovoltaic energy production unit and a connection of energy production units forming a string bus, the local management unit having a controller and switching circuitry, the controller to provide a control for the switching circuitry to deliver electrical energy to the string bus; and a communication transmission modulator, coupled to the local management unit, to modulate the control with data to be transmitted from the local management unit over the string bus. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the controller employs pulse width modulation (PWM) to control delivery of the electrical energy by the switching circuitry. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the communication transmission modulator modulates the control according to MFM (modified frequency modulation). 4. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the communication transmission modulator modulates the control according to Manchester encoding. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the local management unit is a series resonant converter. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the local management unit includes a transformer coupled to a rectifier circuit. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a notch filter connected to the local management unit. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a receiver, coupled to the string bus and a combiner box associated with an inverter, the receiver for receiving modulated signals from the local management unit. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the receiver includes a receiving path separate from the string bus. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to control the switching circuitry based on at least one of a duty cycle, a phase shift, and a synchronization pulse. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a single chip microcontroller, and wherein the controller is a module driver. 12. A method, comprising: providing a local management unit to couple a solar energy production unit to a connection of energy production units forming a string bus, the local management unit having a controller and switching circuitry, the controller to provide a control for the switching circuitry to deliver electrical energy to the string bus; and providing a communication transmission modulator to modulate the control with data to be transmitted from the local management unit over the string bus. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the providing a local management unit comprises: employing pulse width modulation (PWM) to control delivery of the electrical energy by the switching circuitry. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein the providing a communication transmission modulator comprises: modulating the control according to MFM (modified frequency modulation). 15. The method of claim 12, wherein the providing a communication transmission modulator comprises: modulating the control according to Manchester coding. 16. The method of claim 12, wherein the local management unit is a series resonant converter. 17. The method of claim 12, further comprising: receiving modulated signals from the local management unit. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the receiving modulated signals further comprises: receiving the modulated signals on a separate path from the string bus. 19. The method of claim 12, wherein the providing a local management unit further comprises: controlling the switching circuitry based on at least one of a duty cycle, a phase shift, and a synchronization pulse. 20. An energy generation system, comprising: a photovoltaic energy production unit to generate electricity; a string bus, connected to the photovoltaic energy production unit, providing a connection for a plurality of energy production units and a communications medium for data transmission; a local management unit, coupled between the photovoltaic energy production unit and the string bus, the local management unit including: a controller; and switching circuitry, wherein the controller provides a control for the switching circuitry to deliver electrical energy to the string bus; a communication transmission modulator, associated with the local management unit, configured to modulate the control with data to be transmitted from the local management unit over the string bus; and a receiver, connected to the string bus and a combiner box, configured to recover the data from modulated signals transmitted over the string bus. 