A power generation system configured to provide direct current (DC) power to a DC link is described. The system includes a first power generation unit configured to output DC power. The system also includes a first DC to DC converter comprising an input section and an output section. The output section of the first DC to DC converter is coupled in series with the first power generation unit. The first DC to DC converter is configured to process a first portion of the DC power output by the first power generation unit and to provide an unprocessed second portion of the DC power output of the first power generation unit to the output section.
Claims 1. A power generation system configured to provide direct current (DC) power to a DC link, said system comprising: a first power generation unit configured to output DC power; and a first DC to DC converter comprising an input section and an output section, wherein said output section of said first DC to DC converter is coupled in series with said first power generation unit, said first DC to DC converter configured to process a first portion of the DC power output of said first power generation unit and to provide an unprocessed second portion of the DC power output of said first power generation unit to said output section. 2. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the first portion of DC power output processed by the DC to DC converter is less than the total power provided to the DC link. 3. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein said first power generation unit comprises at least one photovoltaic (PV) unit. 4. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein said input section and said output section of said first DC to DC converter are mutual-inductively coupled. 5. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein said first DC to DC converter comprises at least one transformer, wherein said input section comprises a primary winding of said at least one transformer and said output section comprises a secondary winding of said at least one transformer, and wherein said primary winding receives the first portion of the DC power output of said first power generation unit and induces a voltage across said secondary winding that is combined with the second unprocessed portion of the DC power output of said first power generation unit and provided to the DC link. 6. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein said first DC to DC converter is configured to control a DC link current to extract a maximum power from said first power generation unit. 7. A system in accordance with claim 6, wherein said first DC to DC converter is configured to maximize the DC link current to maximize the output power of said first power generation unit. 8. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein said DC to DC converter includes a rated power that is less than the DC power provided to the DC link. 9. A direct current (DC) to DC partial power converter comprising: an input section configured to receive a first portion of a DC power output of a power generation unit; and an output section configured to output a DC power that includes the first processed portion and a second unprocessed portion of the DC power output of the power generation unit to a DC link. 10. A converter in accordance with claim 9, wherein said output section is directly coupled to said input section. 11. A converter in accordance with claim 9, wherein said input section and said output section are included within at least one transformer. 12. A converter in accordance with claim 9, wherein the power generation unit comprises at least one photovoltaic (PV) unit configured to output the DC power. 13. A converter in accordance with claim 9, further comprising a controller configured to control a DC link current output of said output section to extract a maximum power from the power generation unit. 14. A converter in accordance with claim 9, wherein a rated power of said DC to DC partial power converter is less than the DC power output applied to the DC link. 15. A method for controlling operation of a power generation system including at least one power generation unit and at least one partial power converter, wherein the at least one partial power converter includes a controller configured to control operation of at least one semiconductor switch, said method comprising: configuring the partial power converter to determine a level of current flowing through the at least one semiconductor switch; and configuring the partial power converter to maximize the level of current flowing through the at least one semiconductor switch to maximize a power output of the at least one power generation unit. 16. A method in accordance with claim 15, further comprising configuring the controller to maintain the at least one semiconductor switch in a first position when a voltage output of the at least one power generation unit exceeds a predefined level. 17. A method in accordance with claim 15, further comprising configuring the controller to operate the at least one semiconductor switch to limit a fault current within the power generation system. 18. A method in accordance with claim 15, further comprising configuring the partial power converter to deliver a portion of the total power delivered to a DC link. 19. A method in accordance with claim 15, further comprising configuring the controller to regulate a voltage level of the at least one power generation unit to maximize the power output of the power generation system. 20. A method in accordance with claim 15, wherein the power generation system further includes a DC to AC inverter coupled to the partial power converter, the method further comprising configuring the DC to AC inverter to control a voltage level of the power output of the partial power converter. 