A method and a device for safely switching a direct-voltage system, in particular a photovoltaic system, in the event of an arc occurring on a direct-current side. Wherein the generated direct current and the produced direct voltage are set with regard to power guidance. In the event of a sensor-detected arc, the power guidance is adjusted and a power change of the arc is detected. In the event of a power drop of the arc, a serial or parallel arc is detected according to the adjustment direction of the power guidance. In the event of a serial arc a direct-current interruption is produced, and in the event of a parallel arc a short-circuit current is produced.
Claims 1. A method for safely switching a DC voltage system, including a photovoltaic system, in an event of an arc occurring on a DC side, in which a direct current generated and a DC voltage produced are adjusted with respect to power management, which comprises the steps of: detecting the arc using sensors; adjusting the power management upon detection of the arc; detecting a power change in the arc, a serial arc or a parallel arc being identified in an event of a power drop in the arc on a basis of an adjustment direction of the power management; and producing a direct current interruption in a case of the serial arc and producing a short-circuit current in a case of the parallel arc. 2. The method according to claim 1, which further comprises adjusting the power management in an idling direction by an adjustment amount and the power change in the arc is detected, the serial arc being identified in an event of a power drop in the arc, and the power management being reset by the adjustment amount in the event of no power change or a power increase in the arc. 3. The method according to claim 2, which further comprises classifying the arc as the parallel arc in an event of no power change or the power increase in the arc. 4. The method according to claim 1, which further comprises adjusting the power management in a short-circuiting direction by an adjustment amount and the power change in the arc is detected, the parallel arc being identified in an event of a power drop in the arc, and the power management being reset by the adjustment amount in the event of no power change or a power increase in the arc. 5. The method according to claim 4, which further comprises classifying the arc as the serial arc in an event of no power change or the power increase in the arc. 6. A device for safely switching a DC voltage system, comprising: a converter having a controller for power management and a DC side; an arc sensor connected to said controller and connected upstream of said converter on said DC side; said power management being adjusted using said controller in an event of an arc being detected using said arc sensor; said controller classifying the arc using a detected power change in the arc and on a basis of an adjustment direction of said power management; and said controller isolating said converter on the DC side if the arc is classified as a serial arc and short-circuiting said converter on said DC side if the arc is classified as a parallel arc. 7. The device according to claim 6, further comprising a short-circuiting switch; further comprising an isolating switch; and wherein said controller has has an output side connected to said isolating switch connected in series upstream of said converter and to said short-circuiting switch connected in parallel with said converter, said controller controlling said isolating switch into an open position in a case of the serial arc and controlling said short-circuiting switch into a closed position in a case of the parallel arc. 8. The device according to claim 6, wherein an impedance of said converter is changed for adjusting said power management. 9. The device according to claim 6, wherein said converter is selected from the group consisting of an inverter, a DC-DC converter and a charge regulator. 10. A photovoltaic system, comprising: a device for safely switching the photovoltaic system, said device including: a converter having a controller for power management and a DC side; an arc sensor connected to said controller and connected upstream of said converter on said DC side; said power management being adjusted using said controller in an event of an arc being detected using said arc sensor; said controller classifying the arc using a detected power change in the arc and on a basis of an adjustment direction of said power management; and said controller isolating said converter on the DC side if the arc is classified as a serial arc and short-circuiting said converter on said DC side if the arc is classified as a parallel arc. 