A disconnecting apparatus for direct current interruption between a direct current source and an electrical device, in particular between a photovoltaic generator and an inverter, has a current-conducting mechanical switching contact and semiconductor electronics connected in parallel with the switching contact. The semiconductor electronics are non-conducting when the switching contact is closed, wherein a control input of the semiconductor electronics is wired with the switching contact in such a way that, when the switching contact opens, an arc voltage generated as a result of an arc via the switching contact switches the semiconductor electronics to become conducting.
Claims 1. A disconnecting apparatus for direct current interruption between a direct current source and an electrical device, comprising: a current-conducting mechanical switching contact connected between the direct current source and the electrical device; semiconductor electronics connected in parallel with said switching contact, said semiconductor electronics acting as a current barrier when said switching contact is closed, and when said semiconductor electronics become current-conductive, an arc current is commutated from said switching contact to said semiconductor electronics; said semiconductor electronics having a first semiconductor switch and a second semiconductor switch respectively connected in series; said semiconductor electronics having a control input connected to said switching contact such that, when said switching contact opens, an arc voltage across said switching contact generated as a consequence of an arc renders said semiconductor electronics current-conductive; said semiconductor electronics having an energy storage device connected to be charged as a consequence of the arc within an arc duration; and a timer configured to start at an end of a charging time of said energy storage device in order to switch off said semiconductor electronics with no arc being formed. 2. The disconnecting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said switching contact and said semiconductor electronics are connected between a photovoltaic generator and an inverter. 3. The disconnecting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein, at an end of the charging time of said energy storage device, the switch current flowing as a result of the arc is completely commutated to said semiconductor electronics. 4. The disconnecting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the arc duration is determined by a charging duration or a capacity of said energy storage device. 5. The disconnecting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said semiconductor electronics comprises an IGBT and a MOSFET connected in series with one another. 6. The disconnecting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the arc voltage charging said energy storage device is tapped between said first semiconductor switch and said second semiconductor switch. 7. The disconnecting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said semiconductor switch has a control input connected via an ohmic resistor to a positive voltage potential of said direct current source when said switching contact is open. 8. The disconnecting apparatus according to claim 1, which comprises a mechanical disconnecting element for galvanic direct current interruption, connected in series with a parallel circuit consisting of said switching contact and said semiconductor electronics. 