An electrical power converter for converting power from a bipolar DC source to supply an AC load is disclosed. For one such embodiment the bipolar DC source is a photovoltaic array and the AC power is sourced into an electric power grid. The bipolar photovoltaic array has positive and negative voltage potentials with respect to earth ground. The converter is a utility interactive inverter which does not require an isolation transformer at the electric power grid interface. Embodiments of the invention include methods of detecting and interrupting DC ground faults in the photovoltaic array.
Claims 1-12. (canceled) 13. An apparatus for converting power from a bipolar DC source to supply an AC load comprising: a bipolar DC source having a positive and negative monopole, and corresponding voltage potentials, with respect to a common earth ground or with respect to a neutral point of an AC load; and a DC ground fault interrupt circuit including a means for detecting a fault current in either monopole of the bipolar DC source to earth ground or to a neutral point of the AC load and a means of automatically interrupting the flow of said fault current. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein the DC source is a photovoltaic array, a battery, a fuel cell, a reciprocating generator, a turbine generator or combination thereof. 15. The apparatus of claim 13 where the AC load is an electric power grid and the DC-to-AC power converter functions as a grid interactive inverter. 16. An apparatus for converting electrical power from a DC source to supply an AC load comprising: a bipolar DC source having positive and negative monopoles, and corresponding voltage potentials, with respect to a common earth ground or with respect to a neutral point of said AC load; and a DC ground fault interrupt circuit responsive to a fault current in either monopole of the bipolar DC source to earth ground or to a neutral point of said AC load for automatically interrupting the flow of said fault current. 17. The apparatus of claim 16 in which each of said monopoles includes first and second output terminals, said first output terminals being controllably coupled to a DC-to-AC power converter circuit, said second output terminals being coupled to a common earth ground and controllably coupled to each other. 18. The apparatus of claim 17 which includes a pair of controllable DC contactors controllably coupling said first output terminals to said DC-to-AC power converter circuit, and a third controllable contactor controllably coupling said second output terminals being controllably coupled to each other. 19. The apparatus of claim 17 in which said second output terminals are coupled to a common earth ground through a pair of fuses. 20. The apparatus of claim 17 in which said second output terminals are controllably coupled to each other by at least a third controllable third contactor. 21. An apparatus for converting power from a DC source to supply an AC load comprising a bipolar DC source having positive and negative monopoles each of which has first and second output terminals, a DC-to-AC power converter circuit having first and second input terminals, first and second DC contactors controllably coupling said first output terminals of said monopoles to said input terminals of said DC-to-AC power converter, a common ground connection for said second output terminals of said monopoles, and in which said common ground connection maintains connection of said second output terminals of said monopoles to ground in the absence of a DC ground fault. 22. An apparatus for converting power from a bipolar DC source to supply an AC load comprising: a bipolar DC source having positive and negative monopoles, and corresponding voltage potentials, with respect to a common earth ground or with respect to a neutral point of said AC load; and a DC ground fault interrupt circuit responsive to a fault current in either monopole of the bipolar DC source to earth ground or to a neutral point of said AC load for automatically interrupting the flow of said fault current. 23. The apparatus of claim 22 wherein the contactor function is performed by a relay, a semiconductor switch, a solid state relay, a contactor or any combination thereof. 24. An apparatus for converting power from a bipolar DC source to supply an AC load comprising: a bipolar DC source having positive and negative monopoles, and corresponding voltage potentials, with respect to a common earth ground or with respect to a neutral point of said AC load; a DC ground fault interrupt circuit responsive to a fault current in either monopole of the bipolar DC source to earth ground or to a neutral point of said AC load for automatically interrupting the flow of said fault current; and wherein the contactor function is performed by a relay, a semiconductor switch, a solid state relay, a contactor or any combination thereof. 25. An apparatus for converting power from a bipolar DC source to supply an AC load comprising: a bipolar DC source having positive and negative monopoles, and corresponding voltage potentials, with respect to a common earth ground or with respect to a neutral point of said AC load; a DC ground fault interrupt circuit responsive to a fault current in either monopole of the bipolar DC source to earth ground or to a neutral point of said AC load for automatically interrupting the flow of said fault current; and wherein the DC source is a photovoltaic array, a battery, a fuel cell, a reciprocating generator, a turbine generator or combination thereof. 26. An apparatus for converting power from a bipolar DC source to supply an AC load comprising: a bipolar DC source having positive and negative monopoles, and corresponding voltage potentials, with respect to a common earth ground or with respect to a neutral point of said AC load; a DC ground fault interrupt circuit responsive to a fault current in either monopole of the bipolar DC source to earth ground or to a neutral point of said AC load for automatically interrupting the flow of said fault current; and where the AC load is an electric power grid and the DC-to-AC power converter functions as a grid interactive inverter. 