A thermal compensation apparatus is disclosed including an elongated element extending from a proximal end to a distal end. A length of the elongated element from the proximal end to the distal end decreases in response to an increase in the temperature of the elongated element from a baseline temperature. The length of the elongated element increases in response to a decrease in the temperature of the elongated element from the baseline temperature. In various embodiments, the apparatus may be incorporated in solar module mounting systems.
Claims 1. A thermal compensation apparatus comprising: an elongated element extending from a proximal end to a distal end; wherein: a length of the elongated element from the proximal end to the distal end decreases in response to an increase in the temperature of the elongated element from a baseline temperature; and the length of the elongated element increases in response to a decrease in the temperature of the elongated element from the baseline temperature. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the elongated element comprises: a central portion extending from a first end located towards the proximal end of the elongated element and a second end located towards the distal end of the elongated element; a proximal portion extending from a first end at the proximal end of the elongated element to second end connected to the second end of the central portion; and a distal portion extending from a first end at the distal end of the elongated element to a second end connected to the first end of the central portion. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the coefficient of thermal expansion (CTE) of the central portion is greater than the CTE of the proximal portion and the CTE of the distal portion, such that: in response to an increase in the temperature of the elongated element from a baseline temperature, the proximal end of the elongated element moves towards the distal end of the elongated element; and in response to a decrease in the temperature of the elongated element from a baseline temperature, the proximal end of the elongated element moves away from the distal end of the elongated element. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the substantially all of the movement of the ends of the elongated element is due to thermal expansion or contraction of the central, distal, and proximal portions. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the proximal portion comprises a tubular member disposed at least partially about the central portion. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the central portion comprises a tubular member disposed at least partially about the distal portion. 7. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the proximal and distal portions comprise a metallic material, and the central portion comprises a non-metallic material. 8. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the CTE of the central portion is at least about 15 times the CTE of the proximal portion and at least about 15 times the CTE of the distal portion. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, comprising at least one grounding link that establishes an electrical contact between the distal end and the proximal end of the elongated member. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the elongated member is substantially rigid. 11. A solar module mounting system for mounting a plurality of solar modules comprising: a plurality of mounts each configured for attachment to one or more of the solar modules to at least partially support the one or more modules; and a plurality of crosslinks wherein: each crosslink is configured for attachment between two of the plurality of solar modules, and each crosslink comprises a thermal compensation apparatus, the thermal compensation apparatus comprising: an elongated element extending from a proximal end to a distal end, the elongated element comprising: a central portion extending from a first end located towards the proximal end of the elongated element and a second end located towards the distal end of the elongated element; a proximal portion extending from a first end at the proximal end of the elongated element to second end connected to the second end of the central portion; and a distal portion extending from a first end at the distal end of the elongated element to a second end connected to the first end of the central portion. wherein: a length of the elongated element from the proximal end to the distal end decreases in response to an increase in the temperature of the elongated element from a baseline temperature; the length of the elongated element increases in response to a decrease in the temperature of the elongated element from the baseline temperature; and the coefficient of thermal expansion (CTE) of the central portion is greater than the CTE of the proximal portion and the CTE of the distal portion, such that: in response to an increase in the temperature of the elongated element from a baseline temperature, the proximal end of the elongated element moves towards the distal end of the elongated element; and in response to a decrease in the temperature of the elongated element from a baseline temperature, the proximal end of the elongated element moves away from the distal end of the elongated element. 12. The solar module mounting system of claim 11, wherein each crosslink is configured for attachment to an edge of a solar module at an Airy point of the edge and is connected to at least one other crosslink. 13. The solar module mounting system of claim 11, wherein: the solar modules are rectangular in shape, and the mounting system is configured to arrange the modules in a rectangular array having a first array direction corresponding to a first edge of the modules, and a second array direction substantially perpendicular to the first array direction; and each edge of each module is attached to at least one of the crosslinks, wherein the crosslink extends to the edge of another module along a direction transverse to the first and second array directions. 14. The solar module mounting system of claim 11, wherein: the solar modules are rectangular in shape, and the mounting system is configured to arrange the modules in a rectangular array having a first array direction corresponding to a first edge of the modules, and a second array direction substantially perpendicular to the first array direction; each edge of each module is attached to at least a pair of the crosslinks, wherein the first crosslink in the pair extends to the edge of another module along a direction parallel to the first array direction; and the second crosslink in the pair extends to the edge of another module along a direction parallel to the second array direction. 15. The solar module mounting system of claim 11, wherein the crosslinks are configured to substantially compensate for thermal stress caused by thermal expansion and contraction of the solar modules over a temperature range. 16. The solar module mounting system of claim 15, wherein the temperature range comprises -40 C to 85 C. 17. A solar module mount comprising: a support frame for supporting a solar module, the frame comprising one or more thermal compensation elements comprising a thermal compensation apparatus, the thermal compensation apparatus comprising: an elongated element extending from a proximal end to a distal end, the elongated element comprising: a central portion extending from a first end located towards the proximal end of the elongated element and a second end located towards the distal end of the elongated element; a proximal portion extending from a first end at the proximal end of the elongated element to second end connected to the second end of the central portion; and a distal portion extending from a first end at the distal end of the elongated element to a second end connected to the first end of the central portion. wherein: a length of the elongated element from the proximal end to the distal end decreases in response to an increase in the temperature of the elongated element from a baseline temperature; the length of the elongated element increases in response to a decrease in the temperature of the elongated element from the baseline temperature; and the coefficient of thermal expansion (CTE) of the central portion is greater than the CTE of the proximal portion and the CTE of the distal portion, such that: in response to an increase in the temperature of the elongated element from a baseline temperature, the proximal end of the elongated element moves towards the distal end of the elongated element; and in response to a decrease in the temperature of the elongated element from a baseline temperature, the proximal end of the elongated element moves away from the distal end of the elongated element. 18. The solar module mount of claim 17, wherein the thermal compensation elements comprise a first thermal compensation element configured to compensate for thermal expansion and contraction along a first direction, and a second thermal compensation element configured to compensate for thermal expansion and contraction along a second direction transverse to the first. 19. The solar module mount of claim 18, comprising: a first pair of substantially parallel elongated elements configured to rest against a surface, each element in the pair comprising at least one of the thermal compensation element; and a second pair of elongated elements each configured for attachment to a solar module, the second pair arranged substantially parallel to each other and substantially perpendicular to the first pair. 20. The solar module mount of claim 19, wherein each one of the second pair of elongated elements is arranged at a different height above the surface. 