A facility for the generation of electrical power and products for the refueling of vehicles including but not limited to, fuel cell vehicles (FCV's) and marine craft and for use by the facility and/or general market. A host of electrical power generation devices including solar panels, solar collectors, wave action generators, mega capacitors reverse osmosis water purification apparatus, high density capacitor electrolizers, hydrogen/oxygen purifiers and compressors, storage units, fuel cells, AC/DC motors and generators and the various connectors, gauges and networks used for interconnecting and dispensing the products of a combined source system are used jointly and severally in a land/marine readily available site. The idealized site for this combined system is a bridge or other elevated structure such as buildings. The siting structure is most desirably located adjacent a water source, be it a river, bay, tidal estuary or the like. In addition to the generation of DC electrical power, gaseous products such as oxygen and hydrogen may be marketed for their open market value or used in the production of additional power via fuel cell operation are also marketed or use/consumed on site. Unique improvements are made in wind generators, a tidal barge generation system and a wave air generator. Unique improvements are also made in the ability to store energy through use of capacitors.
Claims 1. A site system for provision of electrical and fuel products for site servicing of vehicles and marine craft comprising in combination: at least one elevated superstructure for providing a substantial base for said site and having at least one utility area; at least one electrical generation subsystem selected from a group consisting of: a solar panel collector, a wind generator and a water power generation structure, said electrical generation subsystem being operatively positioned in said at least one utility area; electrical conduction structure for transferring electrical output of said subsystem to at least one electrolysis structure, said electrical conduction structure including switching structure for shunting said electrical output to said electrolysis structure or to electrical power storage structure; at least one water source; the electrolysis structure being capable of producing gaseous products while in electrical communication with said electrical conduction structure and receptive of water from said water source; compression and storage structures for receiving said gaseous products; a multi-service station network for tapping into said compression and storage structures containing said gaseous products, using said gaseous products for generating electrical power and for dispensing hydrogen and oxygen product therefrom; and electric conversion structure capable of generating alternating current power. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said elevated structure is sited on a river, a valley, a fjord, a highway, a canal, a bay or a. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said multi-service station network comprises a fuel cell charging station. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein said electrical conversion structure is a motor generator subsystem. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein said wind generator comprises: mounting structure; rotational structure over which said mounting structure may travel, said rotational structure fixed to a superstructure enabling said annular mounting to rotate relative to said superstructure; a plurality of foramenous vanes operatively disposed about an axis to individual, equally spaced points on said mounting structure and effecting, elevationally, a hemispheric silhouette, each vane of said plurality of vanes defined by a concave windward face, an opposite leeward face and a plurality of foramens therethrough, said vanes further comprising moveable foramen covers disposed over foramens of said plurality at said windward face so that, as said leeward face of a particular vane is presented to a wind force by said rotation, said moveable foramen covers on the wind-ward side of said particular vane reflex and uncover their respective foramens; and power transmission structure for transferring angular momentum of said mounting structure to an electrical power generation structure. 6. The wind generator of claim 5 wherein said mounting structure comprises a ring for mounting said vanes of the generator and includes a mechanism that facilitates transfer of angular momentum from movement of said ring to an electric generator. 7. The wind generator of claim 6 wherein said mechanism comprises: structure, operatively connected to the ring that is receptive therein of a belt structure. 8. The wind generator of claim 6 wherein said mechanism includes a gear tooth array operatively disposed on the ring. 9. The system of claim 5 wherein said rotational structure comprises: a circular array of wheels which support said mounting structure and rotatably couple said mounting structure with the superstructure. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein said barge is a barge hull for anchoring in a water flow and further comprises: a tunnel structure for admitting water flow through the barge hull, said tunnel structure aligned centrally and longitudinally within said hull; an electrical generator assembly for immersion into a water stream and comprising a turbine; power take-off means for extracting energy from movement of the turbine and for delivering said mechanical energy to an electrical power generator; and anchoring structure for securing the barge hull in a fore-aft orientation with respect to said water flow. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein said water power generation structure is at least one subsystem selected from the group of subsystems consisting of fixed tidal mills and wave actuated energy generators. 12. A compact system for production of electrical power and electrolysis products derivable economically from wind and solar energies and comprising: an elevated building structure including platform structure that afford mounting of equipment thereon; at least one solar collector fixed thereto, said solar collector array being electrically in communication with a switching structure; at least one vertical axis wind generator operatively disposed on said platform structure and/or operatively suspended thereunder, said group electrically ganged to at least one switching structure for connecting electrical output of said at least one solar collector and said at least one vertical axis wind generator to at least one gas forming electrolysis equipment; and a water source for use by said at least one gas forming electrolysis equipment. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein said barge comprises: an elongated hull having a tunnel passing longitudinally therethrough, said hull bearing thereover an essentially flat deck; an anchor structure for mooring said barge in a tidal flow so that said tunnel is in alignment therewith; one or more vertical axis wind generators disposed on said deck, said wind generators including first electrical power generators coupled thereto, said power generators connected to an electric power network and said network connected to a battery structure; a tunnel structure for admitting water flow through the barge hull and aligned centrally and longitudinally therewith; a Kaplin turbine operatively positioned in the water flow through the barge hull for immersion into a water stream; power take-off structure for extracting mechanical energy from Kaplin turbine and delivering said mechanical energy to at least a second electrical power generator, said at least second electrical power generator outputting to said electric power network; and at least one tidal mill generator disposed at an end of said tunnel structure for providing electrical output to said electric power network. 14. The system of claim 13 further comprising an array of wave-actuated power generators staged alongside said hull and protruding downward below said water line, said array productive of electric power, said power transferrable by an electric conduction means to said electric power network. 15. The system of claim 12 wherein said structure comprises: a fuel cell charging station. 16. An energy generating system for supplying usable power to transportation devices, comprising in combination: a) a building structure, operatively proximate a source of water, the building structure being operatively proximate a roadway; b) an electrical generation system for generating electrical power, including a solar powered generator, a wind powered generator, and a water powered generator, each operatively mounted to the building structure respectively; c) power storage structure for storing electrical power generated from the electrical generation system; and d) power delivery structure for delivering electrical power from the power storage structure to the transportation devices. 17. The generating system of claim 16, wherein the wind powered generator is mounted to an underside of the road-way; and the solar powered generator is mounted substantially above the roadway. 18. The generating system of claim 17, further comprising: a) structure operatively coupled to receive electrical output from the electrical generation system for generating gases from water through electrolysis; b) gas storage structure for storing the generated gases; and c) electrical generating structure for generating electrical power from the generated gases. 19. A site system for provision of electrical and fuel products for site servicing of vehicles or marine craft comprising in combination: a source of flowing water: at least one elevated structure operatively positioned proximate the flowing source of water and being adapted to utilize the water from the flowing source of water to power a turbine system for generating electrical energy, the at least one elevated structure having at least one utility area; at least one energy generating system for generating electrical energy, operatively positioned on the at least one utility area, and the additional energy generating system being selected from a group consisting of a solar panel collector, a wind power generator and combinations thereof; a conduction device for transferring the generated electrical energy of the turbine and the at least one energy generating system, the conduction device including a capacitor for electrical energy storage and voltage leveling, the conduction device further including at least one switching device operatively connected thereto for shunting the generated electrical energy to an electrolyzer, to the electrical energy storage device or to a power grid; an electrolyzer operatively positioned relative to the elevated structure for receiving the generated electrical energy for production of gaseous products from the water; compression and storage devices, operatively positioned relative to the elevated structure, for receiving the produced gaseous products; and a multi-service station system for utilizing the produced gaseous products stored in the compression and storage devices such that the gaseous products are used to generate electrical energy. 