A solar panel array is formed of a plurality of solar panels juxtaposed with one another along an array axis, and has a support element having first and second support terminations disposed substantially orthogonal to the array axis, with an unobstructed spatial region intermediate of the first and second support terminations. A vehicle transports the solar panels and has wheels arranged on opposing sides thereof. First and second track structures extend along the array axis and are coupled to respective ones of the first and second support terminations. The track structures each have an elongated portion for engaging and supporting respective ones of the vehicle wheels, whereby the vehicle travels along the tracks while carrying a solar panel, and at least a portion of the vehicle is disposed within the unobstructed spatial region. One of the tracks accommodates the wiring for the solar panel array.
Claims 1. A solar panel array support system, the solar panel array being formed of a plurality of solar panels supported juxtaposed with one another along an array axis, the solar panel array support system comprising: a support element having first and second support terminations disposed substantially orthogonal to the array axis, there being provided an unobstructed spatial region intermediate of the first and second support terminations; a vehicle for transporting the solar panels, said vehicle having first and second wheels arranged on opposing sides of said vehicle; first and second track structures, each extending substantially parallel to the array axis and coupled to a respective one of the first and second support terminations, said first and second track structures having a first elongated portion for engaging and supporting respectively associated ones of the first and second wheels. 2. The solar panel array support system of claim 1, wherein said vehicle is arranged to travel along the first elongated portions of said first and second track structures, at least a portion of said vehicle being disposed within the unobstructed spatial region intermediate of the first and second support terminations of said support element. 3. The solar panel array support system of claim 2, wherein said vehicle is configured on a portion thereof distal from the portion of said vehicle that is disposed within the unobstructed spatial region intermediate of the first and second support terminations of said support element, to engage a solar panel and to transport same along said first and second track structures. 4. The solar panel array support system of claim 3, wherein said first and second track structures each have a second elongated portion for engaging and supporting the solar panel array. 5. The solar panel array support system of claim 4, wherein there is further provided a latching arrangement on said vehicle for selectably grasping and releasing the solar panel. 6. The solar panel array support system of claim 5, wherein said latch arrangement comprises a solar panel lift arrangement. 7. The solar panel array support system of claim 5, wherein said vehicle is a motorized vehicle. 8. The solar panel array support system of claim 4, wherein at least one of said first and second track structures is provided with a third elongated portion for accommodating wiring of the solar panel array. 9. A solar panel array support system, the solar panel array being formed of a plurality of solar panels supported juxtaposed with one another along an array axis, the solar panel array support system comprising: a support element having first and second support terminations disposed substantially orthogonal to the array axis, there being provided an unobstructed spatial region intermediate of the first and second support terminations; a vehicle for transporting the solar panels, said vehicle having first and second wheels arranged on opposing sides of said vehicle, said wheels engaging respective ones of the first and second support terminations of said support element; first and second track structures, each extending substantially parallel to the array axis and coupled to a respective one of the first and second support terminations, for engaging and supporting the solar panel array. 10. The solar panel array support system of claim 9, wherein said vehicle is provided with a derailment wheel for preventing separation from the first and second support terminations of said support element. 11. The solar panel array support system of claim 9, wherein there is further provided a latching arrangement on said vehicle for selectably grasping and releasing the solar panel. 12. The solar panel array support system of claim 9, wherein there is further provided a lifting arrangement on said vehicle for lifting the solar panel to where said latching arrangement can grasp the solar panel. 13. The solar panel array support system of claim 9, wherein said vehicle is a motorized vehicle. 14. The solar panel array support system of claim 9, wherein said vehicle is provided with a data input facility for receiving information about the solar panel array. 15. The solar panel array support system of claim 9, wherein said vehicle is provided with a sensor for producing a signal responsive to a potential collision. 16. The solar panel array support system of claim 9, wherein said vehicle is provided with a system for effecting an emergency stop response. 17. The solar panel array support system of claim 9, wherein said vehicle is provided with an arrangement for transporting an accessory, the accessory being transported through the unobstructed spatial region intermediate of the first and second support terminations. 18. A method of populating and depopulating a solar panel array, the method comprising the steps of: installing an array support having first and second contact ends with an unobstructed spatial region therebetween; installing an elongated support structure on each of the first and second contact ends; mounting a solar panel on a vehicle; urging the vehicle through the unobstructed spatial region; and depositing the solar panel on the elongated support structure. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein said step of mounting a solar panel on a vehicle comprises the further step of actuating a gripper on said vehicle. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein there is provided the further step of entering into the vehicle information about the solar panel array. 