A reverse osmosis water desalinization system (21) having a reverse osmosis cell (31), a hydraulic pump (34), a motor (39), which is preferably an electric motor and is coupled to drive the pump (34), a conduit array for flow of water through the cell and the rest of the system, and an energy recouperation assembly (22) formed to recover energy from the brine stream from the cell (31) and to input the recovered energy into the pump (34). The energy recouperation assembly (22) preferably includes a fixed displacement hydraulic motor 38 mechanically coupled through a stepless, adjustable ratio increaser assembly to drive pump (34). In a preferred form, the electrical motor (39) is powered by a hybrid photovoltaic/battery bank assembly (42,43) and controlled by a controller (44) which operates the pump (34) only during daylight hours at speed determined by, and with preference given to, the availability of solar power. A water desalinization method also is disclosed.
Claims 1. A reverse osmosis water desalinization system comprising: a reverse osmosis cell; a hydraulic pump; a motor coupled to drive the hydraulic pump; a conduit array fluid coupling the hydraulic pump to a source of water and fluid coupling the hydraulic pump to the cell for pumping of water from the source through the cell; and an energy recuperation assembly including a fixed displacement hydraulic motor fluid coupled to receive brine output from the cell and an adjustable ratio increaser assembly mechanically coupled between the output of the hydraulic motor and an input of the hydraulic pump. 2. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 1 wherein, the adjustable ratio increaser assembly is a substantially stepless apparatus. 3. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 2 wherein, the energy recuperation assembly includes a one-way clutch mechanically coupled between the hydraulic motor and the hydraulic pump and formed to prevent rotation of the hydraulic pump from being communicated back to the hydraulic motor. 4. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 3 wherein, the ratio increaser assembly includes a variable speed pulley assembly having a variable speed drive pulley coupled to the output of the hydraulic motor, a driven pulley coupled to the input of the hydraulic pump, and an endless pulley belt mounted between the drive pulley and the driven pulley. 5. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 4 wherein, the one-way clutch assembly is mounted between the pulley assembly and the hydraulic motor. 6. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 1 wherein, the hydraulic pump and the hydraulic motor are a fixed displacement axial piston pump and a fixed displacement axial piston motor. 7. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 4 wherein, the pulley assembly further includes a belt tensioning assembly formed to apply a tensioning force to the endless belt. 8. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 7 wherein, the belt tensioning assembly is provided by an axially mounted compression spring biasing an axially movable sheave wall of the drive pulley to tension the endless belt. 9. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 4 wherein, one of the drive pulley and the driven pulley are movably mounted to a support surface for selective adjustment of the drive ratio therebetween. 10. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 9 wherein, the drive pulley is pivotally mounted for movement toward and away from the driven pulley, and the hydraulic motor is coupled to the drive pulley by a universal shaft assembly. 11. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 10 wherein, the drive pulley includes an adjustable link coupled to enable selective pivoting of the drive pulley toward and away from the driven pulley. 12. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 11 wherein, the pulley assembly and adjustable link are formed for stepless variation of the ratio of the speeds of rotation of the driven pulley to the drive pulley in the range of between about 1.5 to about 2.0. 13. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 1 wherein, the cell, motor, hydraulic pump and energy recuperation assembly are mounted on a rubberized energy absorbing member, and the rubberized member is mounted to a rigid base. 14. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 1 wherein, the motor is an electrical motor. 15. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 14, and a hybrid battery and photovoltaic electric power assembly electrically connected to the electric motor. 16. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 15 wherein, the hybrid battery and photovoltaic electric power assembly includes: a plurality of rechargeable batteries; a plurality of photovoltaic panels; and a controller electrically connected to the batteries, to the panels, and to the electrical motor, the controller being responsive to electrical input from the panels and batteries to control operation of the electric motor. 17. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 16 wherein, the controller is responsive to varying power output from the panels and the battery to vary the rate at which water is pumped to the cell. 18. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 17 wherein, the controller is formed to use power from the panels in preference to power from the batteries. 19. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 16 wherein, the controller is responsive to electrical input from the panels and batteries to start operation of the pump at a rate proximate a low end of a speed range for operation of the pump when the current output from the panels exceeds a panel start threshold if the voltage output of the batteries also exceed a battery start threshold, and the controller operates the pump at a low end speed using power from both the panels and the batteries. 20. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 19 wherein, the controller is responsive to electrical input from the panels to increase the rate of operation of the pump using electrical power from the panels as current output from the panels increases until a maximum pump operation speed is reached. 21. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 20, and a battery charger electrically connected to the controller and the batteries, the battery charger being formed to prevent overcharging of the batteries; and wherein the controller is responsive to electrical input from the panels to recharge the batteries using the battery charger when the power output from the panels exceeds the power necessary to operate the motor at the maximum speed. 22. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 19 wherein, the controller is responsive to electrical input from the panels and the batteries to terminate operation of the motor and pump when the battery voltage lowers below a stop voltage threshold and the panels output current is below a stop current threshold. 23. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 19 wherein, the stop voltage threshold is above the start voltage threshold and the stop current threshold is below the start current threshold. 24. The reverse osmosis system as defined in claim 19, and a water quality sensor positioned to sense the quality of desalinized water produced by the cell and electrically coupled to the controller to send water quality signals to the controller; and wherein, the controller is responsive to electrical input from the batteries and the water quality signals from the water quality sensor to terminate operation of the motor and pump when the battery voltage lowers below a stop voltage and the water quality signals lower below a water quality stop signal threshold. 25. A method of desalting water comprising the steps of: pumping water to be desalted through a reverse osmosis cell using a hydraulic pump; flowing brine output from the cell through a fixed displacement hydraulic motor; and mechanically coupling the output of the fixed displacement hydraulic motor to the input of the hydraulic pump by an adjustable ratio increaser assembly. 26. The method as defined in claim 25 wherein, the mechanically coupling step is accomplished by mounting a variable speed pulley assembly between the motor and the pump. 27. The method as defined in claim 26 and the step of: mounting a one-way clutch assembly between the motor and the pump, the one-way clutch assembly being formed to prevent rotation of the motor by driving of the pump. 28. The method as defined in claim 26 wherein, the step of mounting a variable speed pulley assembly is accomplished by movably mounting a drive pulley to a support surface for movement toward and away from a driven pulley to enable a change of the drive ratio between the drive pulley and the driven pulley. 29. The method as defined in claim 25 wherein, the pumping step is accomplished by driving the hydraulic pump using an electric motor mechanically coupled to the hydraulic pump and electrically coupled through a controller to a hybrid photovoltaic and battery electrical power assembly. 30. The method as defined in claim 29 wherein, the hybrid photovoltaic and battery electrical power assembly includes sufficient photovoltaic panels to power the electric motor and pump during selected daylight hours and a plurality of batteries sufficient to extend pump operation beyond the selected daylight hours only by an amount less than 10 percent of the operation of the motor and pump using the photovoltaic panels. 31. A method of desalting water comprising: employing a hybrid battery and solar powered reverse osmosis desalinization apparatus; starting operation of the desalinization apparatus using a combination of solar energy and battery energy when solar power is above a solar power start threshold and the battery power is above a battery power start threshold; increasing the use of solar power energy to operate the desalinization apparatus as solar power energy increases during daylight hours; recharging the batteries up to a maximum battery charge when the solar power exceeds the solar power charging threshold; operating the desalinization apparatus using battery power when the solar power drops below the solar power stop threshold and the battery power is above the battery power stop threshold; and terminating operation of the hybrid desalinization apparatus when the solar power falls below the solar power stop threshold and the power falls below the battery power stop threshold. 