Deployment of wireless broadband and systems for use in providing wireless broadband is described. The system can include a trunk, which can include a root node, optional repeaters, and a main distribution node, the combination which enables wireless MIMO backhaul to a network such as the Internet.
Claims 1. A system comprising: a wireless trunk network root node coupled to a point of presence (PoP) on a network; a main distribution point (MDP) coupled to the wireless trunk network root node through a set of wireless trunk network relay nodes, wherein wireless communications between the root node and the MDP include wireless multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) transmissions; a plurality of access points coupled to the MDP and forming a wireless distribution network capable of providing broadband wireless service to stations on the wireless distribution network, wherein wireless communications between the MDP and the APs include wireless MIMO transmissions. 2. The system of claim 1 further comprising at least one wireless trunk relay node, wherein, in operation, the at least one wireless trunk relay node transmits point-to-point wireless MIMO upstream toward the root node and downstream toward the MDP. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein MPD to AP transmission includes point-to-multipoint MIMO. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein a radio device on the MDP includes at least one generic modular unit that can be swapped in or out to handle wireless traffic load. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein radio devices on the APs include at least one generic modular unit that can be swapped in or out to handle wireless traffic load. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein radio devices on the wireless trunk relay nodes include at least one generic modular unit that can be swapped in or out to handle wireless traffic load. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein a first AP of the APs includes an AP antenna array and a mesh relay antenna array, wherein, in operation: the first AP transmits and receives via the AP antenna array wireless communications between the AP and stations within range of the AP; the first AP receives wireless transmissions from a second downstream AP via the mesh relay antenna array and forwards wireless communications from the stations within range of the AP and from the second downstream AP via wireless MIMO backhaul to a third AP or the MPD. 8. A method comprising: coupling a point of presence (PoP) on a network to a main distribution point (MDP) of a wireless distribution network via a wireless trunk network; forming a mesh network in the wireless distribution network using a plurality of access points (APs); employing multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) wireless backhaul from the farthest of the APs from the MDP to the nearest of the APs to the MDP, and continuing the MIMO wireless backhaul through the MDP to the PoP; providing broadband wireless service to a station within range of at least one of the APs. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein the MIMO wireless backhaul includes point-to-point MIMO. 10. The method of claim 8 wherein the MDP to AP transmission includes point-to-multipoint MIMO. 11. The method of claim 8 further comprising beamsteering with multiple antennas. 12. The method of claim 8 further comprising using each of multiple antennas at the MDP for different spatial channels. 13. The method of claim 8 further comprising: mounting the APs on poles; spacing the poles to provide wireless broadband to a geographic area. 14. The method of claim 8, further comprising implementing radio devices on the APs and MDP with generic modular units, wherein generic modular units can be swapped in or out to handle wireless traffic load. 15. A system comprising: a first multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) wireless access point (AP) including: an AP antenna array having a plurality of antennas; a mesh relay antenna array having a plurality of antennas; a radio coupled to the plurality of antennas; wherein, in operation: the MIMO wireless AP is mounted along with a second MIMO wireless AP to form a wireless mesh network over an area; the radio receives wireless communications from further upstream and determines whether to transmit the wireless communications to a station within range of the AP antenna array, whether to forward the wireless communications to the second MIMO wireless AP further downstream via the mesh relay antenna array, or both; the radio receives wireless communications from the stations within range of the AP antenna array via the AP antenna array and receives wireless communications from the second MIMO wireless AP and forwards the wireless communications further upstream via wireless MIMO backhaul via the mesh relay antenna array. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the mesh relay antenna array includes a downstream receive antenna subarray, a downstream transmit antenna subarray, an upstream receive antenna subarray, and an upstream transmit antenna subarray. 17. The system of claim 15, further comprising a solar cell coupled to the first MIMO wireless AP and the second MIMO wireless AP. 