The present invention relates to a system and method for detecting bats from a remote location. In one aspect the invention provides a bat detection system comprising an upper detection unit connected to a base computer unit. The upper detection unit can be positioned on a vertical structure, and a second lower detection unit, or additional detection units, can also be positioned on the vertical structure. Each detection unit comprises a housing which is connected to, and contains, an audio detector. The base computer unit is enclosed by a housing and comprises a data processor, a data storage device, and a remote communication interface device. The data processor is operatively connected to the data storage device, remote communication interface device, and the audio detectors of any detection units positioned on the vertical structure. The base computer unit communicates with a remote computer transferring information regarding the bat sounds detected by the detection units.
Claims 1. A bat detection system comprising: an upper detection unit comprising a housing and an audio detector connected to the housing; a base computer unit comprising a housing which encloses a data processor, a data storage device; and a remote communication interface device; wherein the data processor is operatively connected to the data storage device, remote communication interface device, and the upper detection unit audio detector. 2. The bat detection system of claim 1 wherein the wherein the upper detection unit is connected to a vertical structure by a connection cable connected to the housing of the upper detection unit, the connection cable passing through a first pulley attached to the vertical structure, the connection cable allowing the upper detection unit to be raised, lowered, or positioned at a specific height on the vertical structure. 3. The system of claim 2 further comprising: a lower detection unit comprising a housing and an audio detector connected to the housing; and the audio detector of the lower detection unit is operatively connected to the data processor. 4. The system of claim 3 wherein the lower detection unit is connected to the vertical structure by a second connection cable connected to the housing of the lower detection unit, the second connection cable passing through a second pulley attached to the vertical structure, the second connection cable allowing the lower detection unit to be raised, lowered, or positioned at a specific height. 5. The system of claim 2 wherein the pulley is attached to the vertical structure by a pulley bracket, the bracket comprising a mounting bracket mounted directly to the vertical structure, the pulley attached to the mounting bracket; and an arm receiving sleeve attached to the mounting bracket. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein the upper detection unit further comprises an extension arm having a first and second end, the first end having a cable connector on which the connection cable is attached to, the second end being connected to the housing of the upper detection unit; wherein the extension arm can be received by the arm receiving sleeve of the pulley bracket. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the audio detector comprises an ultrasonic receiver. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein the base computer unit further comprises an ultrasonic digitizer which is operatively connected to the ultrasonic receiver and the data processor. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the audio detector comprises an ultrasonic receiver which is connected to an ultrasonic digitizer connected to the housing of the upper detection unit. 10. The system of claim 1 further comprising a solar panel array operatively connected to a battery unit which in turn is operatively connected to the upper detection unit and the base computer unit. 11. A method of detecting bat sounds comprising: providing a bat detection system of claim 1; detecting the sounds of bats by the audio detector in the upper detector unit wherein the detector feeds continuous data to the data processor in the base computer unit, wherein the data comprises information concerning sound detected by the audio detector including information on the intensity of the sound detected and the frequency of the sound detected. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein the data processor is suitably programmed to perform, and performs, a filter analysis of the continuous stream of data from the audio detector so that when the intensity of the sound reaches a preset threshold and falls within a certain frequency range, the data processor records this data as a sound file of a fixed length on the data storage device. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein the data processor is suitably programmed to create, and creates, a log file on the data storage device, wherein the data processor creates a time stamped data entry into the log file at a regular interval indicating if data is being received from the audio detector. 14. The method of claim 12 wherein the data processor is suitably programmed to perform, and performs, the filter analysis of the continuous stream of data from the audio detector starting at one hour before sunset and ending one hour after sunrise each day. 15. The method of claim 12 wherein the data processor is suitably programmed to perform, and performs, a bat call identification analysis on the sound files recorded in the filter analysis process to determine whether the sound file contains a bat sound; and wherein the data processor marks in a log file on the data storage device indicating if the sound file has a bat call or no bat call. 16. The method of claim 12 wherein the data processor is suitably programmed to transmit, and transmits, the sound file via the remote communication interface device to a remote computer. 17. The method of claim 13 wherein the data processor is suitably programmed to record, and records, in the log file each time a sound file is recorded and records the name of the sound file and the time it was created in the log file. 18. The method of claim 16 wherein the remote computer is suitably programmed to receive, and receives, sound files from multiple bat detection systems, each bat detection system in a different geographic location. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein the remote computer is suitably programmed to run, and runs, an ingest process, the ingest process recording information concerning the sound files into a database file stored on a data storage device associated with the remote computer, the information recorded in the database including the name of the sound file; whether the sound file includes a bat call; the time the sound file was recorded; and the specific bat detection system that recorded the sound file. 20. A method of detecting bat sounds comprising: providing an audio detector operatively connected to a data processor; detecting the sounds of bats by the audio detector, wherein the detector feeds continuous data to the data processor, wherein the data comprises information concerning sound detected by the audio detectors including information on the intensity of the sound detected and the frequency of the sound detected; wherein the data processor is suitably programmed to perform, and performs, a filter analysis of the continuous stream of data from the audio detector so that when the intensity of the sound reaches a preset threshold and falls within a certain frequency range, the data processor records this data as a sound file of a fixed length on a data storage device operatively connected to the data processor; wherein the data processor is suitably programmed to perform, and performs, a bat call identification analysis on the sound files recorded in the filter analysis process to determine whether the sound file contains a bat sound; wherein the data processor marks in a log file on the data storage device indicating if the sound file has a bat call or no bat call; and wherein the data processor is suitably programmed to transmit, and transmits, the sound file, via a remote communication interface device operatively connected to the data processor, to a remote computer. 21. The method of claim 20 wherein the remote computer is suitably programmed to receive, and receives, sound files from multiple audio detectors, each audio detector in a different geographic location. 22. A bat echo-location detection unit, comprising: a housing having an interior side, an exterior side and at least one opening between the interior side and the exterior side; and an ultrasonic receiving audio detector located at least partly in the interior of the housing, wherein the detector is located to detect sound through the opening. 23. The unit of claim 22, wherein the housing further comprises a reflection plate positioned to allow sound to reflect directly from the reflection plate to the detector. 24. The unit of claim 23, wherein the reflection plate is located at a lower end of the exterior side of the housing. 25. The unit of claim 24, wherein the housing further comprises a back wall, and the reflection plate is connected to the back wall at approximately a 45 degree angle from the back wall. 26. The unit of claim 25, wherein the reflector plate is positioned at approximately a 45 degree angle from the opening. 27. The unit of claim 23, wherein the reflection plate is wider than the opening exterior side of the housing. 28. The unit of claim 23, wherein the reflector plate is connected to the housing by one or more supports. 29. The unit of claim 22, wherein the exterior side of the housing further comprises an extension arm located at a top end of the housing. 30. The unit of claim 22, wherein the housing further comprises lightning protection devices. 31. The unit of claim 22, further comprising: a mounting bracket attachable to a vertical structure; and a connection cable having a first end and a second end, wherein the first end of the connection cable is connected to the exterior side of the upper detection unit housing, and wherein the connection cable is movable through the bracket so that the height of the housing may be adjusted relative to the bracket. 32. The unit of claim 31, wherein the first end of the connection cable is connected to the extension arm. 33. The unit of claim 29, wherein the first end of the connection cable is connected to the extension arm. 34. The unit of claim 29, further comprising: a housing locking mechanism located on the exterior side of the housing; and a complementary bracket locking mechanism located on the bracket, whereby the housing may be secured to the bracket. 35. The unit of claim 31, further comprising: a housing locking mechanism located on the exterior side of the housing; and a complementary bracket locking mechanism located on the bracket, whereby the housing may be secured to the bracket. 36. The unit of claim 31, wherein the housing further includes a back connection cable connector. 37. The unit of claim 36, wherein the housing further includes a back connection cable connector. 