An illuminated grab handle assembly for mounting to a surface is provided. The grab handle assembly includes a handle member and a base assembly receiving an end of the handle member and adapted to be mounted to the surface. An illumination source positioned between the base assembly and the handle is also included for illuminating the handle member. A solar cell is mounted to the base assembly for generating an electric current in response to the detection of an ambient light. A rechargeable battery is mounted to the base assembly and is electrically connected to both the illumination source and the solar cell wherein the electric current generated by the solar cell charges the rechargeable battery. A photoelectric cell for detecting an ambient light and generating an output signal corresponding to the detected ambient light is provided. A switch is also provided for receiving the output signal, the switch being operably connected to the illumination source, the switch adapted to open and close an electrical connection between the illumination source and the power source, wherein the switch opens and closes in response to the output signal received from the photoelectric cell.
Claims We claim: 1. An illuminated grab handle assembly for mounting to a surface and for use with a power source, the grab handle assembly comprising: a handle member; a mount assembly receiving an end of the handle member and adapted to be mounted to the surface; an illumination source positioned between the mount assembly and the handle for illuminating the handle member, the illumination source adapted to be electrically connected to the power source; and a light sensor for detecting an ambient light and generating an output signal corresponding to the detected ambient light; a switch for receiving the output signal and operably connected to the illumination source, the switch adapted to open an close the electrical connection between the illumination source and power source; wherein the switch opens and closes in response to the output signal received from the light sensor. 2. The illuminated grab handle assembly claim 1 wherein the switch is integrally formed with the light sensor. 3. The illuminated grab handle assembly of claim 1 wherein the light sensor is connected to the mount assembly and has a light sensitive surface exposed to the ambient light. 4. The illuminated grab handle assembly of claim 1 wherein the mount assembly includes a base and an overcap removably attached to the base for enclosing the illumination source within the base assembly. 5. The illuminated grab handle assembly of claim 4 wherein the light sensor is connected to the overcap. 6. The illuminated grab handle assembly of claim 4 wherein the light sensor is connected to the base. 7. An illuminated grab handle assembly for mounting to a surface, the grab handle assembly comprising: a handle member; a mount assembly receiving an end of the handle member and adapted to be mounted to the surface; an illumination source positioned between the mount assembly and the handle for illuminating the handle member; and a power source attached to the mount assembly and electrically connected to the illumination source. 8. The illuminated grab handle assembly of claim 7 wherein the power source comprises a battery. 9. The illuminated grab handle assembly of claim 7 further comprising a switch electrically connected to the illumination source for opening and closing the electrical connection between the illumination source and the power source. 10. The illuminated grab handle assembly of claim 9 wherein the switch comprises a light sensor. 11. The illuminated grab handle assembly of claim 9 wherein the switch is manually operated. 12. The illuminated grab handle assembly of claim 7 wherein the power source comprises a rechargeable battery and the assembly further comprises: a solar panel mounted to the mount assembly and exposed to ambient light for generating an electrical current, the solar panel electrically connected to the rechargeable battery such that the solar panel is adapted to recharge the battery in the presence of ambient light. 13. An illuminated grab handle assembly for mounting to a surface, the grab handle assembly comprising: a handle member; a mount assembly receiving an end of the handle member and adapted to be mounted to the surface; an illumination source positioned between the mount assembly and the handle for illuminating the handle member; and a rechargeable battery mounted to the mount assembly and electrically connected to the illumination source for illuminating same; a switch operably connected to the illumination source for opening and closing the electrical connection between the illumination source and the rechargeable battery; a solar panel for generating an electric current mounted to the mount assembly and electrically connected to the rechargeable battery for recharging the rechargeable battery. 14. The illuminated grab handle assembly of claim 13 wherein the switch comprises a light sensor. 15. The illuminate grab handle assembly of claim 13 wherein the switch is manually operated. 