A low cost diagnostic system for testing the airborne static discharge systems and the grounding systems for aircraft. The present invention is a passive electrostatic detection scheme comprising an array of inexpensive, miniaturized sensors for measuring the detected E-field disturbances from aircraft. The measurements are taken on the runway upon arrival and indicate whether the aircraft had an appreciable accumulated charge indicating a failure of the electrostatic discharge system. The system further verifies that the ground discharge devices are properly working and any charge is dissipated upon landing. In one embodiment the measurement information is transmitted to a central location where the aircraft and the measurement data are matched and maintenance is scheduled for aircraft having high levels of electrostatic charge.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An aircraft electrostatic charge diagnostic testing device, comprising: a power source; at least one electrostatic field sensor coupled to said power source and located proximate an aircraft landing area, wherein said sensor detects an electrostatic charge measurement of said incoming aircraft; and a data link for transmitting said electrostatic charge measurement. 2. The aircraft electrostatic charge diagnostic testing device, according to claim 1, wherein said power source is selected from the group comprising: a connection to an external source, a battery and a solar cell. 3. The aircraft electrostatic charge diagnostic testing device, according to claim 1, wherein said sensors are located in a weather tight housing unit and wherein said housing unit is mounted on a non-conducting mounting pole. 4. The aircraft electrostatic charge diagnostic testing device, according to claim 1, further comprising a global positioning system module providing timing for said electrostatic charge measurement. 5. The aircraft electrostatic charge diagnostic testing device, according to claim 1, further comprising a conducting strip switchably coupled to said power source and providing a built in test capability. 6. The aircraft electrostatic charge diagnostic testing device, according to claim 1, further comprising a memory device coupled to said electrostatic field sensor. 7. An electrostatic sensor for testing aircraft electrostatic charge, comprising: a power source; a sensing element for detecting an E-field signal; a first amplifier stage connecting to said sensing element on a first side; a filter stage connecting to a second side of said first amplifier stage; an analog to digital converter coupled to said filter stage for converting said E-field signal to digital E-field data; and a memory section for storing said digital E-field data. 8. The electrostatic sensor according to claim 7, further comprising a data link for transmitting said digital E-field data. 9. The electrostatic sensor according to claim 7, wherein said filter stage is at least one notch filter. 10. The E-field sensor according to claim 7, further comprising a second amplifier stage between said filter stage and said analog to digital converter. 11. The E-field sensor according to claim 7, further comprising a means for processing said E-field data, wherein said means compares said E-field data to a pre-existing library of E-field data. 12. A method for testing electrostatic discharge systems on aircraft comprising the steps of: placing at least one E-field sensor proximate an aircraft runway; detecting an aircraft E-field signature, wherein said signature represents electric field changes as measured by said E-field sensor; and communicating said signature to a processing unit. 13. The method for testing electrostatic discharge systems according to claim 12, further comprising a step of storing said E-field signature. 14. The method for testing electrostatic discharge systems according to claim 12, further comprising a step of performing coherent noise reduction. 15. The method for testing electrostatic discharge systems according to claim 12, further comprising a step of retrieving aircraft information. 16. The method for testing electrostatic discharge systems according to claim 12, further comprising a step of logging said E-field signature along with said aircraft information. 17. The method for testing electrostatic discharge systems according to claim 12, wherein said sensors are proximate a runway and said signatures are measured during landing. 18. The method for testing electrostatic discharge systems according to claim 12, further comprising the step of comparing said E-field signature to a database of signatures and indicating a failure of said electrostatic discharge systems if said E-field signature is out of an expected range. 19. The method for testing electrostatic discharge systems according to claim 12, further comprising the step of measuring said E-field signature after said aircraft touches said runway. 