A connector system is configured for macro motion. Two mating terminals are configured so that during macro motion cycles, the resistance between two terminals does not substantially increase. One terminal can have multiple, somewhat spherical-shaped mating surfaces while a mating surface on the other terminal can be flat. The mating terminals can be configured to provide desirable resistance performance after more than 5000 cycles of macro motion.
Claims 1. A energy transfer system, comprising: a first panel supporting a first header with a first terminal; a second panel supporting a second header with a second terminal, wherein the first and second panel are configured to be mounted adjacent each other; and a connector with a first and second end, the first end configured to mate with the first header and the second end configured to mate with the second header, the connector including a third terminal configured to electrically couple the first and second terminal, wherein the first, second and third terminal are configured to provide a resistance between the first and second terminal that increases less than 20 milliohms after 5000 cycles of macro motion between the first and second panel. 2. The energy transfer system of claim 1, wherein the starting resistance is less than about 10 milliohms. 3. The energy transfer system of claim 1, wherein the resistance increase less than 20 milliohms over 7000 macro cycles. 4. The energy transfer system of claim 1, wherein the resistance increases less than 20 milliohms over 15000 macro cycles. 5. The energy transfer system of claim 1, wherein the macro motion is at least 0.50 mm. 6. The energy transfer system of claim 1, wherein the macro motion is at least 1.0 mm. 7. The energy transfer system of claim 1, wherein each macro motion cycle occurs during a temperature change that is an average of at least 30 C. 8. The energy transfer system of claim 7, wherein the average temperature change is at least 40 C. 9. The energy transfer system of claim 1, wherein the resistance increase is less than 10 milliohms. 10. The energy transfer system of claim 1, wherein the third terminal includes a first and second end that each include bifurcated fingers, the bifurcated fingers configured to engage opposing sides of the corresponding first and second terminal. 11. An energy transfer system, comprising a first panel configured for securely mounting on a base and including a first header with a first pair of terminals, the first panel having a first coefficient of expansion; a second panel configured for securely mounting on the base and including a second header with a second pair of terminals, the second panel have a second coefficient of thermal expansion, the first and second coefficient of thermal expansion being configured such that when the first and second panel are secured to the base adjacent each other, the first and second header will vary at least 0.25 mm in response to a temperature variation of 30 degrees C.; and a connector configured to mate to the first and second header, the connector including a third pair of terminal configured to respectively electrically couple the first and second pair of terminals, each terminal of the third pair of terminals configured to provide a resistance between the corresponding terminal of the first and second pair of terminals that is less than 30 milliohms after at least 5000 cycles of macro motion. 12. The energy transfer system of claim 11, wherein the first, second and third pair of terminals are configured so that the resistance is less than 30 milliohms after at least 7000 cycles of macro motion. 13. The energy transfer system of claim 11, wherein the terminals and contacts are configured so that the resistance is less than 20 milliohms after at least 10000 cycles. 14. The energy transfer system of claim 11, wherein at least one of the pairs of terminals is configured to provide at least 0.50 mm of wipe. 15. The energy transfer system of claim 11, wherein each of the third pair of terminals has a first and second end, the first and second end each having multiple fingers. 16. The energy transfer system of claim 15, wherein the multiple fingers are configured to engage opposing sides of corresponding first and second pair of terminals. 17. The energy transfer system of claim 15, wherein each of the fingers have a mating surface with a first radius extending between edges of the finger and a second radius in the direction of translation during macro motion, the first radius being greater than the second radius. 18. The energy transfer system of any of claim 15, wherein each finger presses on a corresponding surface of the other of the contacts and the terminal with a force that is less than 100 grams. 19. The energy transfer system of claim 11, wherein the one of the first pair of terminals and the third pair of terminal includes an end with bifurcated fingers and each finger presses on a corresponding surface of the other of the contacts and the terminal with a force that is less than 100 grams. 20. The energy transfer system of claim 19, wherein the end includes two sets of opposing fingers. 21. The energy transfer system of claim 11, wherein each of the first and second panel includes a solar conversion region. 22. A connector system, comprising: a first connector; a second connector configured to mate with the first connector, wherein one of the first and second connector includes a first housing with a projection and the other of the first and second connector includes a second housing with a receptacle configured to receive the projection; a first terminal supported by the first housing; and a second terminal supported by the second housing and configured to matingly engage with the first terminal, wherein one of first and second terminal includes two fingers configured deflect upon engagement with the first terminal and the other of the first and second terminal including at least one contact to engage the two fingers, the two fingers providing two points of contact, wherein the first and second terminal are configured to provide a low electrical resistance increase for at least 5000 macro motion cycles. 23. The connector system of claim 22, wherein the at least one contact includes an undercoat material and a plating formed by a noble metal. 24. The connector system of claim 23, wherein one of the two fingers and the at least one contact includes a lubricant configured to be chemically stable at a temperature of 90 C during the macro motion cycles. 25. The connector system of claim 24, wherein the terminals are configured to withstand 10,000 macro motion cycles. 26. The connector system of claim 25, wherein the macro motion cycle includes a translation of at least 0.25 mm. 27. The connector system of claim 26, wherein each of the fingers exert less than 100 grams of normal force. 28. The connector system of claim 27, wherein the contact includes two sides and each of the two fingers engage a different one of the two sides. 