Solar power systems and structures are mountable to a power distribution structure, e.g. a power pole or tower, which supports alternating current (AC) power transmission lines. An exemplary power generation structure is fixedly attached to and extends from the power distribution structure, and comprises a mounting rack. A solar array, comprising at least one solar panel, is affixed to the mounting rack. A DC to AC invertor is connected between the DC outputs of the solar array and the AC power transmission lines. The length of the solar array is generally in alignment with the power distribution structure, and the width of the solar array is greater than half the is circumference of the power distribution structure. The mounting rack and solar array may preferably be rotatable, such as based on any of location, time of day, or available light.
Claims 1. A system, comprising: alternating current (AC) power transmission lines that are connected to a power grid; a power distribution structure for supporting the power transmission lines, wherein the power distribution structure has a defined axis and a defined circumference; a mounting structure that is attached to the power distribution structure, wherein the mounting structure extends from the power distribution structure and comprises a mounting rack; a solar array comprising at least one solar panel that is affixed to the mounting rack, and DC outputs extending from the solar array, wherein the solar array defines a rectangle having a defined length and width; and an DC to AC invertor connected between the DC outputs of the solar array and the AC power transmission lines; wherein the length of the solar array is generally aligned with the defined axis of the power distribution structure, and wherein the width of the solar array is greater than half the circumference of the power distribution structure. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the power distribution structure comprises any of a power distribution pole or a power distribution tower. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the DC to AC invertor further comprises a DMPPT module. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the DC to AC invertor further comprises a control module: and a communications link connected to the control module; wherein the control module comprises input connections that are connected to the solar array, output connections that are connected to the micro-inverter, a signal processing circuit connected to the input connections, and a controller that is connected to the signal processing circuit, wherein the controller is connected to any of a computer or a server through the communications link; wherein the DC output of the solar array is controllably adjustable in response to an input signal that is sent from the computer or server and received at the controller over the communications link. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the solar array and at least a portion of the mounting structure are rotatable with respect to the power distribution structure. 6. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a rotation mechanism that is configured to rotate the mounting rack and the solar array with respect to the power distribution structure. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the rotation mechanism is controllably responsive to a signal. 8. The system of claim 6, wherein the rotation mechanism is responsive to any of location, time of day, available light, or any combination thereof. 9. The system of claim 6, wherein the rotation mechanism is configured to rotate mounting rack and the solar array based on the direction of incident solar energy. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the mounting rack and the solar array are substantially planar. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the mounting rack and the solar array are curved. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the solar array is substantially rigid. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the solar array is flexible. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein the solar array further comprises at least one heliostat mechanism. 15. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a wind turbine mounted to the power distribution structure and connected to the AC power transmission lines. 16. The system of claim 1, further comprising: an access structure affixed to the power distribution structure that is configured to provide access to any of the (AC) power transmission lines, the mounting structure, the solar array, or the DC-AC inverter. 17. A structure for locally harvesting solar power at a power distribution structure that supports alternating current (AC) power transmission lines, wherein the power distribution structure has a defined axis and a defined circumference, wherein the power generation structure comprises: a mounting structure that is attached to the power distribution structure, wherein the mounting structure extends from the power distribution structure and comprises a mounting rack; a solar array comprising at least one solar panel that is affixed to the mounting rack, and DC outputs extending from the solar array, wherein the solar array has a defined length and width; and a DC to AC invertor connected between the DC outputs of the solar array and the AC power transmission lines; wherein the length of the solar array is generally aligned with the defined axis of the power distribution structure, and wherein the width of the solar array is greater than half the circumference of the power distribution structure. 18. The structure of claim 17, wherein the power distribution structure comprises any of a power distribution pole or a power distribution tower. 19. The structure of claim 17, wherein the DC to AC invertor further comprises a DMPPT module. 20. The structure of claim 17, wherein the DC to AC invertor further comprises a control module; and a communications link connected to the control module; wherein the control module comprises input connections that are connected to the solar array, output connections that are connected to the DC to AC inverter, a signal processing circuit connected to the input connections, and a controller that is connected to the signal processing circuit, wherein the controller is connected to any of a computer or a server through the communications link; wherein the DC output of the solar array is controllably adjustable in response to an input signal that is sent from the computer or server and received at the controller over the communications link. 21. The structure of claim 17, wherein the solar array and at least a portion of the mounting structure are rotatable with respect to the power distribution structure. 22. The structure of claim 17, further comprising: a rotation mechanism that is configured to rotate the mounting rack and the solar array with respect to the power distribution structure. 23. The structure of claim 22, wherein the rotation mechanism is controllably responsive to a signal. 24. The structure of claim 22, wherein the rotation mechanism is responsive to any of location, time of day, available light, or any combination thereof. 25. The structure of claim 22, wherein the rotation mechanism is configured to rotate mounting rack and the solar array based on the direction of incident solar energy. 26. The structure of claim 17, wherein the mounting rack and the solar array are any of planar or curved. 27. The structure of claim 17, wherein the solar array is any of rigid or flexible. 28. A process, comprising the steps of: providing a power structure for locally harvesting solar power at a power distribution structure that supports alternating current (AC) power transmission lines, is wherein the power distribution structure has a defined circumference, wherein the power generation structure comprises a mounting structure that is attached to the power distribution structure, wherein the mounting structure extends from the power distribution structure and comprises a mounting rack; a solar array comprising at least one solar panel that is affixed to the mounting rack, and DC outputs extending from the solar array, wherein the solar array has a defined length and width, and a DC to AC invertor connected between the DC outputs of the solar array and the AC power transmission lines, wherein the length of the solar array is generally aligned with the power distribution structure, and wherein the width of the solar array is greater than half the circumference of the power distribution structure; collecting solar energy through the solar array; inverting the DC power from the solar array to AC power through the DC to AC invertor; and transferring the AC power to the AC transmission lines. 29. The process of claim 28, wherein the mounting rack and the solar array are rotatable, and wherein the process further comprises the step of: controllably rotating the mounting rack and the solar array. 30. The process of claim 29, wherein the step of controllably rotating the mounting rack and the solar array is based on any of location, time of day, available light, or any combination thereof. 