A real estate sign post having a crossbar on which a modular lighting unit is secured by two theft-resistant screws having non-circular holes in their heads and shielded by upstanding walls on mounting brackets. The lighting unit is enclosed in a box-like housing with a solar panel in the top side, slot-like lamp openings at opposite ends of the bottom side, and elongated arrays of LED's mounted in concave reflectors for directing light toward opposite sides of a real estate sign. Battery packs enclosed in shrink wrap and a controller are enclosed in the housing. An alternative embodiment mounts fluorescent bulbs in reflectors that are supported on opposite sides of a base unit by elongated arms.
Claims 1. In combination with a real estate sign post having a generally horizontal crossbar composed of wood, and a sign depending from the crossbar and containing real estate information, an outdoor lighting system, comprising: a box-like housing having generally rectangular top and bottom sides and narrow side edges, said housing being disposed on said crossbar and having opposite end portions spaced laterally from the crossbar, an opening in said top side, and elongated slot-like openings in the underside of said opposite end portions extending across said end portions; two elongated lighting assemblies disposed in said housing above said slot-like openings and each comprising an elongated reflector and a plurality of LEDs arranged in a row along the reflector to produce light, said reflector being concave in cross-section and positioned to focus the light from the LEDS on the sign; at least one battery pack in said housing containing at least one rechargeable battery for providing electrical energy to said LEDs; a solar generator having a flat panel of solar cells disposed in said opening in said top side for exposure to sunlight during daylight hours to charge the battery pack; a controller in said housing for controlling the charging of the battery pack during daylight hours and providing energy to the LEDs during darkness; and at least one theft-resistant fastener securing said housing to the crossbar and discouraging unauthorized removal of the lighting system from the post; whereby the real estate sign is lighted by the lighting system during darkness and is recharged during daylight hours. 2. The combination defined in claim 1 wherein said theft-resistant fastener is a screw having a head with a non-circular recess in the end of the head, said recess being specially shaped for driving engagement with a non-circular driving tool. 3. The combination claimed in claim 2 wherein said housing is formed with at least one mounting bracket thereon that overlies said crossbar and is formed with a hole through which said fastener extends, said fastener having a threaded stem set in the crossbar and said bracket having a shield around said head restricting access to the side of said head. 4. The combination defined in claim 3 wherein there are at least two of said fasteners and at least two of said mounting brackets, disposed between said opposite ends of said housing. 5. The combination defined in claim 1 wherein there are two battery packs each comprising a plurality of batteries, one pack for each lighting assembly, and the batteries of each pack are enclosed in shrink wrap for ease of handling. 6. The combination defined in claim 1 wherein there are two battery packs, each disposed in a compartment in said housing, and said housing has removable covers for said compartments disposed between said crossbar and said housing. 7. The combination defined in claim 1 further including two transparent panes covering said slot-like openings for said lighting assemblies, each of said panes being inclined downwardly from the underside of said housing to direct light toward the sign. 8. The combination claimed in claim 7 wherein said reflectors are concavely curved in cross-sectional shape and have said LEDs mounted in a row along their top sides, the reflectors being shaped to direct light toward the sides of the sign. 9. An outdoor lighting system for a sign hanging below a generally horizontal crossbar, comprising: a box-like housing to be disposed on the crossbar and having a top surface formed with an opening; a solar generator having a solar panel mounted in said opening; two lighting assemblies supported by said housing to lie on opposite sides of said crossbar and illuminate opposite sides of the sign; a battery pack in said housing containing at least one rechargeable battery and connected to said generator to be charged thereby; a controller for connecting the battery pack to the lighting assemblies to provide energy after dark and to the generator to recharge the battery pack during the daylight hours; and at least one fastener for securing the housing to the crossbar. 10. A lighting system as defined in claim 9 wherein said fastener is a theft-resistant fastener having a head with a non-circular opening for engagement with a non-circular tool. 11. A lighting system as defined in claim 9 wherein said lighting assemblies are mounted in said housing adjacent opposite ends thereof, and include reflectors for directing light toward the sign. 12. A lighting system as defined in claim 9 wherein each lighting system contains a plurality of LEDs as a light source. 13. A lighting system as defined in claim 9 wherein said lighting assemblies are spaced from said housing to lie on opposite sides of the sign, and each is supported on two laterally extending arms secured to the housing. 14. A lighting system as defined in claim 13 wherein each such lighting system comprises a reflector and a light source in the reflector. 15. A lighting system as defined in claim 14 wherein the light source is a fluorescent bulb. 16. A lighting system as defined in claim 9 wherein said fastener is a bolt having a head above said housing and a stem for extending through the crossbar, and a nut threaded onto the bolt to lie beneath the crossbar. 17. An outdoor lighting system comprising: a box-like housing having one side having an opening, a second side having at least one slot-like opening, and at least one inner compartment; a solar generator having a solar panel disposed in said opening in said one side to be exposed to the sun during daylight hours; a lamp assembly mounted in said housing within said slot-like opening; and at least one battery pack disposed on said compartment to be charged by the solar generator during daylight hours and to provide energy to said lamp assembly after dark. 18. An outdoor lighting system as defined in claim 17 wherein said lamp assembly is an elongated array of LEDs, and a reflector in said housing for directing light through said slot-like opening. 19. An outdoor lighting system as defined in claim 18 wherein said second side of said housing is elongated and has an elongated slot-like opening extending across each end, and including one of said lamp assemblies within each slot-like opening. 20. An outdoor lighting assembly as defined in claim 17 further including at least one theft-resistant fastener for securing said housing to a supporting crossbar, said fastener having a head of circular cross-sectional shape, a threaded stem to extend into a crossbar, and a non-circular recess in the end of said head for engagement with a non-circular tool. 21. An outdoor lighting assembly as defined in claim 20 wherein said housing has at least one mounting bracket having a hole through which the fastener extends, said bracket having a shield for substantially surrounding said head and limiting access to the side thereof. 22. An outdoor lighting system as defined in claim 20 wherein said fastener is a bolt having a stem for extending through a crossbar, and a nut threaded onto the end of the bolt. 23. An outdoor lighting system as defined in claim 20 wherein said fastener is a self-tapping wood screw. 