A spectrum-splitting photovoltaic converter system (10) includes a high energy cell (20) and a low energy cell (30) positioned in adjacent, non-coplanar relation to each other, wherein the high energy cell (20) is the spectral splitting optical component and utilizes a combination of a dual purpose optical coating (40) comprising an anti-reflection coating, a highly reflective back surface reflector (42), and a dielectric spacer (44) to maximize transmittance of high energy into the high energy cell (20) for conversion to electric energy and to maximize reflection of low energy from the high energy cell (20) to the low energy cell (30) for conversion to electrical energy.
Claims 1. Photovoltaic converter apparatus for converting light comprising a spectrum of wavelengths to electric energy, comprising: a high energy cell comprising: (i) an ultra-thin, monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, photovoltaic converter, including at least a front subcell with a front subcell bandgap and a back subcell with back subcell bandgap lower than the front subcell bandgap that enable said front subcell and said back subcell to absorb and convert light energy from a short wavelength band in the spectrum to electric energy, wherein a low energy edge of the short wavelength band is the longest wavelength that is absorbable and convertible to electric energy by the back subcell; and (ii) a dual purpose optical coating in front of the front subcell comprising an anti-reflection coating that transmits light in the short wavelength band and that, in combination with a back surface reflector behind the back subcell, reflects light wavelengths longer than the low energy edge of the short wavelength band; and a low energy cell comprising an ultra-thin, monolithic, tandem, photovoltaic converter, including at least one cell with a bandgap that is lower than any bandgap in the high energy cell, said low energy cell being positioned to receive light reflected from the high energy cell. 2. The photovoltaic converter apparatus of claim 1, including a dielectric spacer positioned between the back subcell and the back surface reflector. 3. The photovoltaic converter apparatus of claim 2, wherein the back surface reflector is electrically conductive and serves as a back contact for the high energy cell. 4. The photovoltaic converter apparatus of claim 3, wherein the dielectric spacer has perforations that extend through the dielectric spacer to the back subcell and the back surface reflector/back contact has portions that extend through the perforations to make electrical contact with the back subcell. 5. The photovoltaic converter apparatus of claim 1, wherein the low energy cell includes an anti-reflection coating on the front of the low energy cell. 6. The photovoltaic converter apparatus of claim 5, including a back surface reflector on the back of the low energy cell. 7. The photovoltaic converter apparatus of claim 1, wherein the low energy cell is positioned in geometric relation to the high energy cell in a manner that incident light reflected from the high energy cell to the low energy cell has an angle of incidence on the low energy cell of not more than 45 degrees. 8. The photovoltaic converter apparatus of claim 1, including a receiver with a first platform and a second platform positioned at an angle to each other, wherein the high energy cell is mounted on the first platform and the low energy cell is mounted on the second platform at an angle to the high energy cell such that reflected low energy light from the high energy cell has an angle of incidence on the low energy cell of not more than 45 degrees. 9. The photovoltaic converter apparatus of claim 8, wherein the receiver includes electrical leads connected to the high energy cell and to the low energy cell. 10. The photovoltaic converter apparatus of claim 9, including cooling means in the receiver. 11. The photovoltaic converter apparatus of claim 10, including an electrically conductive anti-reflection coating on the back of the low energy cell to function as an electric contact for the low energy cell and to reflect light longer wavelength than the longest wavelength absorbable and convertible to electric energy by the low energy cell. 12. The photovoltaic converter apparatus of claim 10, including an electrically conductive, transparent contact on the back of the low energy cell for transmitting unabsorbed light energy into the receiver. 13. The photovoltaic converter apparatus of claim 10, including an electrically conductive contact on the back of the low energy cell that is absorptive of low energy light that is not absorbed in the low energy cell for converting the unabsorbed light to heat. 14. The photovoltaic converter apparatus of claim 10, wherein the cooling means includes heat transfer means for conducting heat away from the receiver. 15. Photovoltaic converter apparatus for converting light comprising a spectrum of wavelengths to electric energy, comprising: a high energy cell comprising: (i) an ultra-thin, monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, photovoltaic converter, including at least a front subcell with a front subcell bandgap and a back subcell with back subcell bandgap lower than the front subcell bandgap that enable said front subcell and said back subcell to absorb and convert light energy from a short wavelength band in the spectrum to electric energy, wherein a low energy edge of the short wavelength band is the longest wavelength that is absorbable and convertible to electric energy by the back subcell; and (ii) means on the front of the high energy cell for minimizing reflectance of light in the short wavelength band and for coupling low energy light reflecting in the high energy cell out of the front of the high energy cell; and (iii) means behind the back subcell for reflecting light wavelengths longer than the low energy edge of the short wavelength band; and a low energy cell comprising an ultra-thin, monolithic, tandem, photovoltaic converter, including at least one cell with a bandgap that is lower than any bandgap in the high energy cell, said low energy cell being positioned to receive light reflected from the high energy cell. 16. The photovoltaic converter apparatus of claim 15, including a means positioned between the back subcell and the back surface reflector for combining with the means on the front of the high energy cell to couple low energy light reflecting in the high energy cell out of the front surface of the high energy cell. 17. The photovoltaic converter apparatus of claim 15, wherein mean behind the back subcell is electrically conductive and serves as a back contact for the high energy cell. 18. A method of converting solar energy to electric energy, comprising: placing a high energy cell comprising a first subcell with a first bandgap and a second subcell with a second bandgap that less than the first bandgap in a position to have the front of the high energy cell exposed to the solar energy; minimizing reflectance of the front of the high energy cell in a high energy band that has a low energy edge defined by the longest wavelength of light that is absorbable and convertible to electric energy by the second subcell with the second bandgap by positioning a dual purpose optical coating comprising an anti-reflection coating on the front surface of the high energy cell that is tuned in combination with the first and second subcells to couple the high energy band light into the subcells where the subcells absorb the high energy band light and convert it to electric energy; maximizing reflectance of low energy light having wavelengths longer than the longest wavelength of light that is absorbable and convertible to electric energy by the second subcell by providing a back surface reflector on the back of the subcell to reflect the low energy light transmitted by the first and second subcells back to the dual purpose optical coating and positioning a dielectric spacer between the second subcell and the back surface reflector with a thickness that is tuned to complement the dual purpose optical coating in optical interference to couple the low energy light out the front of the high energy cell; positioning a low energy cell with at least one photovoltaic cell or subcell junction with a bandgap lower than the bandgap of the second subcell in the high energy cell in a position to have the low energy light reflected by the high energy cell incident on the low energy cell; and absorbing and converting at least some of the low energy light reflected by the high energy cell to electric energy in the low energy cell. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the first cell is an ultra-thin cell. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein the second cell is an ultra-thin cell. 21. The method of claim 18, including mounting the first cell and the second cell on a receiver that positions the first cell and the second cell in a geometric relation to each other such that the low energy light reflected from the high energy cell is incident on the low energy cell at an incident angle of not more than 45 degrees. 22. The method of claim 21, including reflecting light in the low energy cell that is not converted to electric energy in the low energy cell back through the front of the low energy cell. 23. The method of claim 21, including absorbing light in the low energy cell that is not converted to electric energy in the low energy cell into the receiver. 