A vehicular video mirror system includes an interior rearview mirror assembly and a video display assembly. The interior rearview mirror assembly includes a mirror casing incorporating a reflective element. The reflective element has a rearward field of view when the interior rearview mirror assembly is mounted in a vehicle. The mirror assembly further includes a mirror-mounting portion, which is adapted to mount the interior rearview mirror assembly at an interior portion of the vehicle, such as a windshield portion or a header portion. The mirror casing is adjustable about the mirror-mounting portion for adjusting the rearward field of view of the reflective element. The video display assembly includes a video screen which is incorporated in a video display housing. The video display assembly also includes a display-mounting portion, which is adapted to mount the video display assembly at the interior portion of the vehicle. The display housing is adapted to be adjustable about the display-mounting portion for adjusting the orientation of the video screen and, further, for moving the display housing to a stowed position whereby the video screen is generally not viewable by a driver when seated in a vehicle seat in the vehicle to thereby minimize the distraction to the driver of the vehicle.
Claims We claim: 1. A vehicular video mirror system comprising: an interior rearview mirror assembly having a mirror casing incorporating a reflective element, said reflective element having a rearward field of view when said interior rearview mirror assembly is mounted in a vehicle, said mirror assembly further having a mirror-mounting portion adapted to mount said interior rearview mirror assembly at an interior portion of the vehicle, said interior portion comprising one of (i) a windshield portion and (ii) a header portion, and said mirror casing being adjustable about said mirror-mounting portion for adjusting said rearward field of view of said reflective element; and a video display assembly having a video screen incorporated in a video display housing, said video display assembly including a display-mounting portion adapted to mount said video display assembly at said interior portion of the vehicle, said display housing being adapted to be adjustable about said display-mounting portion for adjusting the orientation of said video screen and, further, for moving said display housing to a stowed position whereby said video screen is generally not viewable by a driver when seated in a vehicle seat in the vehicle to thereby minimize the distraction to the driver of the vehicle. 2. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 1, wherein said displaymounting portion includes an articulatable support, said display housing being pivotally mounted to said articulatable support. 3. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 1, wherein said interior portion comprises a windshield portion, and wherein said stowed position is disposed between said windshield portion and said mirror casing when said interior rearview mirror assembly is mounted in the vehicle. 4. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 3, wherein said display housing is manually adjustable from said stowed position to a viewing position. 5. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 2, wherein said articulatable support includes at least one pivot joint. 6. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 1, wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly and said video display assembly are commonly mounted to said interior portion of the vehicle by an adapter. 7. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 6, wherein at least one of (i) said interior rearview mirror assembly and (ii) said video display assembly mounts to said adapter by a break-away connection. 8. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 1, wherein said interior portion comprises a windshield portion, one of said interior rearview mirror assembly and said video display assembly being mounted to said windshield portion, the other of said interior rearview mirror assembly and said video display assembly mounting to said one of said interior rearview mirror assembly and said video display assembly. 9. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 8, wherein said one of said interior rearview mirror assembly and said video display assembly comprises said video display assembly, and said display-mounting portion including a mounting element adapted for mounting to the windshield portion. 10. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 8, wherein said displaymounting portion includes at least one pivot joint. 11. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 10, wherein said at least one pivot joint comprises a ball joint. 12. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 1, wherein said reflective element comprises a prismatic reflective element. 13. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 1, wherein said reflective element comprises an electrochromic reflective element. 14. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 8, wherein said one of said interior rearview mirror assembly and said video display assembly comprises said interior rearview mirror assembly whereby said interior rearview mirror assembly is mounted to the windshield portion. 15. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 14, wherein said display-mounting portion mounts said video display assembly to said mirror-mounting portion of said interior rearview mirror assembly. 16. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 14, wherein said video display assembly releasably mounts to said interior rearview mirror assembly. 17. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 15, wherein said display-mounting portion mounts to said mirror-mounting portion of said interior rearview mirror assembly by a break-away connection. 18. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 15, wherein said mirror-mounting portion mounts said interior rearview mirror assembly to said windshield portion by a break-away connection. 19. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 18, wherein said display-mounting portion includes an articulatable support. 20. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 19, wherein said display housing is pivotally mounted to said articulatable support whereby said display housing can be moved between at least one viewing position and said stowed position. 21. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 20, wherein said video display housing moves behind said mirror casing toward the windshield portion of the vehicle when said interior rearview mirror assembly is mounted in the vehicle and said display housing is moved to its stowed position. 22. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 19, wherein said articulatable support includes at least one pivot joint whereby said display housing may be moved to a plurality of viewing positions. 23. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 19, wherein said support includes a telescoping portion to permit said display housing to be extended or retracted to move between extended and retracted positions. 24. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 23, wherein said display housing moves at least partially behind said mirror casing toward the windshield portion when said display housing is moved to its stowed position to reduce potential distraction to a driver of the vehicle. 25. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 24, wherein said display housing moves behind said mirror casing when said display housing is moved to its stowed position. 26. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 23, wherein said screen of said video display housing is generally not viewable to an occupant of the vehicle when the occupant of the vehicle is seated in a vehicle seat of the vehicle and said display housing is moved to its stowed position. 27. The vehicular video mirror system according claim 1, further comprising a compass module, said interior portion comprising said windshield portion, said mirrormounting portion being adapted to provide a break-away connection for said interior rearview mirror assembly to said windshield portion, and said compass module mounted to said mirror-mounting portion of said interior rearview mirror assembly. 28. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 27, wherein said display-mounting portion is adapted to mount to said compass module. 29. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 28, wherein said compass module is releasably mounted to said mirror-mounting portion. 30. A vehicular video mirror system comprising: an interior rearview mirror assembly having a mirror casing incorporating a reflective element, said interior rearview mirror assembly having a mirror-mounting portion adapted to mount said interior rearview mirror assembly at a first interior portion of a vehicle, said mirror casing being adjustable about said mirror-mounting portion, said reflective element having a rearward field of view when said interior rearview mirror assembly is mounted to a vehicle; and a video display assembly having a video display housing incorporating a video screen, said video display assembly including a video display-mounting portion being adapted to one of (i) mount said video display assembly to said interior mirror assembly, (ii) mount said video display assembly to a second interior portion of the vehicle proximate said first interior portion, and (iii) mount said video display assembly to said first interior portion, said video display-mounting portion being adapted to permit repositioning of said display housing independent of said interior rearview assembly whereby said mirror casing and said video display housing can be adjusted independently to a plurality of respective viewing positions for viewing by an occupant of the vehicle. 31. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 30, wherein said video screen displays at least one of (i) a rearward field of view image, (ii) an internal cabin monitoring image, (iii) a teleconferencing image, (iv) a remote monitoring image, (v) an emergency recording image, and (vi) an information display image. 32. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 30, wherein said video screen displays an information display image, and said information display image being selected from the group consisting of (i) a rain sensor operation display, (ii) a telephone information display, (iii) a highway status information display, (iv) a blind spot indicator display, (v) a hazard warning display, (vi) a vehicle status display, (vii) a page message display, (viii) a speedometer display, (ix) a tachometer display, (x) an audio system display, (xi) a fuel gauge display, (xii) a heater control display, (xiii) an air conditioning system display, (xiv) a status of inflation of tires display, (xv) a trailer tow image display, (xvi) an e-mail message display, (xvii) a compass display, (xviiii) an engine coolant temperature display, (xix) an oil pressure display, (xx) a cellular phone operation display, (xxi) a global positioning system display, (xxii) a weather information display, (xxiii) a temperature display, (xxiv) a traffic information display, (xxv) a telephone number display, (xxvi) a fuel status display, (xxvii) a battery condition display, (xxviii)a time display, (xxix) a train approach warning display and (xxx) a toll transaction display. 33. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 30, wherein said interior mirror assembly includes a remote transaction system for engaging in a remote transaction, said video screen displaying information related to said remote transaction. 34. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 30, wherein said video screen displays an output from a train approaching warning system. 35. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 30, wherein said video screen displays an emergency recorded image. 36. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 30, further comprising an image capturing device generating a trailer towing image, said video screen displaying said trailer towing image. 37. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 30, wherein said interior rearview mirror assembly and said video display assembly are commonly mounted at the first interior portion of the vehicle. 38. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 30, wherein said display housing is pivotally mounted to said display-mounting portion. 39. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 30, wherein said first interior portion comprises a windshield portion, one of said video display assembly and said interior rearview mirror assembly being mounted to said windshield portion of the vehicle, and the other of said interior rearview mirror assembly and said video display assembly being mounted to said one of said video display assembly and said interior rearview mirror assembly. 40. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 39, wherein said one of said video display assembly and said interior rearview mirror assembly comprises said interior rearview mirror assembly whereby said interior rearview mirror assembly is mounted to said windshield portion. 41. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 40, wherein said video display assembly is mounted to said interior rearview mirror assembly by a break-away connection. 42. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 37, wherein said nirror-mounting portion and said display-mounting portion are mounted to an adapter, said adapter being adapted to mount at the first interior portion of the vehicle to thereby commonly mount said interior rearview mirror assembly and said video display assembly to said first interior portion. 43. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 42, wherein said first interior portion comprises a windshield portion. 44. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 42, wherein said adapter includes a break-away connection for mounting at the first interior portion of the vehicle. 45. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 44, wherein at least one of (i) said mirror-mounting portion and (ii) said display-mounting portion mounts to said adapter by a break-away connection. 46. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 45, wherein each of said mirror-mounting portion and said display-mounting portion are mounted to said adapter by a break-away connection. 47. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 40, wherein said display-mounting portion includes an articulatable arm, said articulatable arm permitting repositioning of said display housing. 48. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 47, wherein said articulatable arm facilitates manual repositioning of said display housing. 49. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 47, wherein said articulatable arm includes one or more actuators for facilitating assisted repositioning of said display housing. 50. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 30, further comprising an image capturing device adapted for mounting to the vehicle, said image capturing device detecting a rearward image and sending an image signal to said video screen based on said detected rearward image. 51. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 50, further comprising an exterior sideview mirror assembly, said image capturing device being positioned at said exterior sideview mirror assembly for capturing an image rearward of the vehicle. 52. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 51, wherein said exterior sideview mirror assembly includes a mirror casing and at least one reflective element, said image capturing device supported in said mirror casing of said exterior sideview mirror assembly. 53. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 52, wherein said reflective element of said exterior sideview mirror assembly includes a view port, said image capturing device positioned behind said reflective element of said exterior sideview mirror assembly and detecting a rearward image through said view port. 54. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 49, wherein said actuators are adapted to receive a signal from a sensor, said sensor detecting and generating a sensor signal when the vehicle is moved in a reverse direction, and said actuators moving said display housing to a viewing position in response to said sensor signal. 55. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 30, further including an image capturing device for capturing an image of the interior of the vehicle. 56. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 55, wherein said image capturing device detects an image and sends an image signal to said video screen based on said detected image, and said video screen displaying an image based on said image signal. 57. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 55, wherein said image capturing device comprises a CCD camera. 58. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 55, wherein said image capturing device comprises a CMOS camera. 59. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 30, wherein said video screen displays at least two images. 60. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 30, wherein said display-mounting portion includes an articulatable arm, said articulatable arm permitting repositioning of said display housing. 61. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 60, wherein said display housing is movable by said articulatable arm to said stowed position. 62. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 61, wherein said stowed position is behind said mirror casing when said interior mirror assembly and said video display assembly are mounted in the vehicle. 63. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 61, wherein when said display housing is in said stowed position, said video screen is generally not viewable to an occupant of the vehicle when the occupant is seated in a vehicle seat of the vehicle. 64. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 30, wherein said video display assembly is mounted to said interior rearview mirror assembly. 65. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 64, wherein said video display assembly is releasably mounted to said mirror-mounting portion of said interior rearview mirror assembly. 66. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 65, wherein said video display assembly is mounted by a break-away connection to said mirror-mounting portion of said interior rearview mirror assembly. 67. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 65, wherein said display-mounting portion includes an articulatable support. 68. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 67, wherein said articulatable support includes at least one pivot joint. 69. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 67, wherein said support of said video display assembly includes a telescoping portion to permit said video display assembly to be extended or retracted to move between extended and retracted positions. 70. The vehicular video mirror system according claim 64, further comprising a compass module mounted to said mounting portion of said interior rearview mirror assembly. 71. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 70, wherein said display-mounting portion is adapted to mount to said compass module. 72. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 71, wherein said compass module is releasably mounted to said mirror-mounting portion. 73. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 30, wherein at least one of said interior rearview mirror assembly and said video display assembly further includes at least one accessory selected from the group consisting of (i) a trainable garage door opener, (ii) a universal home access system, (iii) an INTERNET interface, (iv) a remote keyless entry receiver, (v) a video device, (vi) a rain sensor, (vii) a compass sensor, (viii) a trip computer, (ix) an intrusion detector, (x) a phone, (xi) an interior light, (xii) a seat occupancy detector, (xiii) a phone attachment, (xiv) an electro-optic reflective mirror element, (xv) an electrochromic reflective mirror element, (xvi) a headlamp controller, (xvii) a printer, (xviii) a transmitter/receiver, (xix) a modem, (xx) an instrumentation light, (xxi) a console light, (xxii) a solar panel, (xxiii) a windshield portion defogger device, (xxiv) an antenna, (xxv) a loudspeaker, (xxvi) a microphone, (xxvi) a digital message recorder, (xxvii) a magnetic tape message recorder, (xxviii) a phone control panel, and (xxix) a digital storage device. 74. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 30, further comprising a pod, said pod mounted to said interior rearview mirror assembly, said video display assembly being mounted to one of (i) said pod and (ii) said interior rearview mirror assembly. 75. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 74, wherein said video display assembly is mounted to said pod. 76. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 75, wherein said video display assembly includes an extendible support, said display housing supported by said extendable support whereby said display housing can be extended to a plurality of extended viewing positions and retracted to a retracted position. 77. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 75, wherein said pod includes an attachment member and a pod housing, said pod housing rotatably mounted to said attachment member, and said video display assembly being mounted to said pod housing whereby rotation of said pod housing adjusts the orientation of said video display assembly. 78. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 75, wherein said video display assembly is movably mounted to said pod housing whereby said video display assembly is movable to a stowed position. 79. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 74, wherein said video mirror system further includes a remote transaction unit, said remote transaction unit including a memory reader element accessible to an occupant of the vehicle for reading a charge/debit card, said memory reader element reading information from the card whereby an occupant of the vehicle can engage in a remote transaction. 80. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 79, wherein said remote transaction unit comprises an electronic toll card system. 81. The vehicular video mirror system according to claim 79, wherein said memory reader element mounted at said video display assembly. 