A process for making a back-contact solar cell module is provided. Electrically conductive wires of an integrated back-sheet are physically and electrically attached to the back contacts of the solar cells of a solar cell array through openings in a polymeric interlayer dielectric layer using an electrically conductive binder before thermal lamination of the module.
Claims 1. A process for making a back-contact solar cell module, comprising: providing a solar cell array of at least four solar cells each having a front light receiving surface, an active layer that generates an electric current when said front light receiving surface is exposed to light, and a rear surface opposite said front surface, said rear surface having positive and negative polarity electrical contacts thereon, at least two of the solar cells of the solar cell array arranged in a column; providing a polymeric interlayer dielectric layer having opposite first and second sides and having a lengthwise length and direction and a crosswise direction perpendicular to the lengthwise direction, forming openings in said polymeric interlayer dielectric layer said openings being arranged in a plurality of columns extending in the lengthwise direction of said polymeric interlayer dielectric layer, and placing said the first side of said polymeric interlayer dielectric layer on the rear surfaces of the solar cells of the solar cell array, wherein the holes in the polymeric interlayer dielectric layer are aligned over electrical contacts on the rear surface of the solar cells; providing a polymeric wire mounting layer having opposite first and second sides and having a lengthwise direction and a crosswise direction perpendicular to the lengthwise direction; providing a plurality of elongated electrically conductive wires and adhering said plurality of electrically conductive wires to the first side of said polymeric wire mounting layer in the lengthwise direction of said polymeric wire mounting layer, said electrically conductive wires being substantially aligned with the lengthwise direction of said polymeric wire mounting layer, said plurality of electrically conductive wires each having a cross sectional area of at least 70 square mils along their length, said plurality of electrically conductive wires not touching each other upon being adhered to said polymeric wire mounting layer, and said plurality of electrically conductive wires extending at least the length of a column of the solar cells in the solar cell array; placing the first side of the wire mounting layer on the polymeric interlayer dielectric layer wherein the conductive wires on the first side of the wire mounting layer are over the openings in one of the plurality of columns of openings in said polymeric interlayer dielectric layer; providing an electrically conductive binder in the holes of the polymeric interlayer dielectric layer, and heating the electrically conductive binder in the holes of the interlayer dielectric layer such that the binder physically and electrically attaches the electrically conductive wires to the positive and negative electrical contacts on said solar cells through the openings in said polymeric interlayer dielectric layer; providing a polymeric back-sheet over the second side of said polymeric wire mounting layer; thermally laminating said polymeric back-sheet, said polymeric wire mounting layer, said polymeric interlayer dielectric layer, and said solar cell array after the conductive wires have been physically and electrically attached to the positive and negative electrical contacts on the rear surface of the solar cells by the binder. 2. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 1, further comprising the steps of: providing a plurality of openings in said polymeric wire mounting layer arranged in a plurality of columns extending in the lengthwise direction of said polymeric wire mounting layer, wherein each column of openings in said polymeric wire mounting layer is aligned with an electrically conductive wire adhered to the polymeric wire mounting layer and wherein the openings in the polymeric wire mounting layer are aligned with the holes in the polymeric interlayer dielectric layer when the polymeric wire mounting layer is placed on the polymeric interlayer dielectric layer; inserting heating pins into the openings in said polymeric wire mounting layer and contacting the heated pins with the conductive wires so as to locally heat the wires and the electrically conductive binder such that the binder physically and electrically attaches the conductive wires to the positive and negative electrical contacts on said solar cells through the openings in said polymeric interlayer dielectric layer; and removing the heating pins from the openings in said polymeric wire mounting layer before said second side of said polymeric wire mounting layer is attached to said back-sheet. 3. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 2 wherein the binder is solder. 4. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 3 wherein the solder is selected from the group of tin, nickel, tin/lead alloy, tin/lead/silver alloy, tin/copper alloy, tin/silver alloy, tin/bismuth alloy or combinations thereof. 5. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 3 wherein the solder is a low melting point solder that melts at a temperature in the range of 160 to 220.degree. C. 6. The process of claim 3 wherein solder is inserted into the holes of the interlayer dielectric layer before the wire mounting layer is placed on the interlayer dielectric layer. 7. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 3 wherein the solder is coated on the electrically conductive wires, and the heating pins press the conductive wires coated with solder into contact with the positive and negative electrical contacts on said solar cells and solder the wires to with the positive and negative electrical contacts on said solar cells. 8. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 2 wherein the binder is a conductive adhesive. 9. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 8 wherein the conductive adhesive is a thermoplastic polymer filled with conductive metal particles. 10. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 1 wherein the binder is a conductive adhesive with a curing temperature in the range of 70 to 150.degree. C., and said conductive adhesive is cured so as to physically and electrically attach the conductive wires to the positive and negative electrical contacts on said solar cells through the openings in said polymeric interlayer dielectric layer before the step of thermally laminating said polymeric back-sheet, said polymeric wire mounting layer, said polymeric interlayer dielectric layer, and said solar cell array. 11. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 10 wherein the conductive adhesive is comprised of conductive metal particles suspended in epoxy, acrylic, vinyl butryal, silicone, polyurethane, or a combination thereof. 12. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 1 wherein said polymeric wire mounting layer and said polymeric interlayer dielectric layer are comprised of a polymer encapsulant material selected from poly(vinyl butyral), ionomers, ethylene vinyl acetate, poly(vinyl acetal), polyurethane, poly(vinyl chloride), polyolefins, polyolefin block elastomers, ethylene acrylate ester copolymers, ethylene copolymers, silicone elastomers, chlorosulfonated polyethylene, and combinations thereof. 13. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 12 wherein said polymeric wire mounting and said interlayer dielectric layer are made of an ethylene copolymer comprised of ethylene and one or more monomers selected from the group of consisting of C1-4 alkyl acrylates, C1-4 alkyl methacrylates, methacrylic acid, acrylic acid, glycidyl methacrylate, maleic anhydride and copolymerized units of ethylene and a comonomer selected from the group consisting of C4-C8 unsaturated anhydrides, monoesters of C4-C8 unsaturated acids having at least two carboxylic acid groups, diesters of C4-C8 unsaturated acids having at least two carboxylic acid groups and mixtures of such copolymers, wherein the ethylene content in the ethylene copolymer accounts for 60-90% by weight. 14. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 1 wherein said polymeric back-sheet comprises a polyester layer comprised of polymer from a group consisting of polyethylene terephthalate, polytrimethylene terephthalate, polybutylene terephthalate, polyhexamethylene terephthalate, polyethylene phthalate, polytrimethylene phthalate, polybutylene phthalate, polyhexamethylene phthalate or a copolymer or blend of two or more of the above. 15. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 1 wherein said polymeric back-sheet comprises a fluoropolymer layer comprised of polymer from a group consisting of polyvinylfluoride, polyvinylidene fluoride, polytetrafluoroethylene, ethylene-tetrafluoroethylene and combinations thereof. 16. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 1 wherein said polymeric back-sheet comprises a polyester layer with opposite first and second sides, a first fluoropolymer layer adhered to the first side of said polyester layer, and a second fluoropolymer layer adhered to the second side of said polyester layer, and wherein the second side of said wire mounting layer is adhered to said second fluoropolymer layer of said back sheet in the lengthwise direction of the wire mounting layer. 17. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 1 further comprising the step of selectively cutting one or more of said electrically conductive wires at one or more selected points along the length of said electrically conductive wires. 18. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 1 wherein the electrically conductive wires are comprised of metal selected from copper, nickel, tin, silver, aluminum, and combination thereof. 19. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 18 wherein the electrically conductive wires are metal wires coated with tin, nickel, tin/lead alloy, tin/lead/silver alloy, tin/copper alloy, tin/silver alloy, tin/bismuth alloy or combinations thereof. 20. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 1 wherein the electrically conductive wires are ribbon-shaped metal wires having a width and thickness wherein the wire width is at least three times greater than the wire thickness. 