The present solar light assembly uses a unique housing having a light that can be adjustably rotated and tilted for park and street lighting applications. Once assembled, the housing is covered by a solar panel that charges a remotely located battery and acts as a protective lid over the housing. Rather than removing the solar panel to access the contents of the housing, the housing can be accessed by excessively tilting the light until a shroud swings away from an opening in the housing designed to accommodate the light. The shroud, which can retract into the housing, protects the contents of the housing from inclement weather and from view. When the light is excessively tilted, the shroud swings away from the housing to expose wires, electronics and other contents of the housing that may require servicing. Because a solar light system is pole mounted at least several meters above ground level, being able to easily access the housing from below without needing to remove any heavy or awkward parts provides a much safer alternative than other solar light systems.
Claims 1. An outdoor solar light system comprising: a frame that is substantially positioned in a first plane; a solar panel that is substantially positioned over the frame; a first set of housings, each housing having a face, sides and a lip; a set of lights, each light mounted substantially in or adjacent a face; wherein each housing is positioned in the frame and supported by the lip; and wherein the face and the lip of each housing lie in intersecting planes such that each housing can be removed from the frame, rotated, and then repositioned in the frame. 2. The system of claim 1 further comprising a set of discs that are hingedly fastened to the lights, each disc positioned inside of one of the housings such that each disc can be rotated against one of the faces. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the frame is characterized by at least two holes for accepting the first set of housings. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein each of the faces substantially lies in a single horizontal plane. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein each of the faces substantially lies in a different horizontal plane. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the first plane is at least partially southernly aslant. 7. The system of claim 3 further comprising a pole that is fastened to the frame substantially between the at least two holes. 8. The system of claim 1 further comprising a second set of housings, interchangeable with the first set of housings, characterized by the face and the lip of each housing lying in parallel planes. 9. A method for mounting an outdoor solar light system comprising the steps of: determining whether a frame should be horizontally postured or vertically postured; fastening the frame to a pole such that the frame will be at least partially southerly aslant; aligning a set of sloped housings such that a face of each housing will lie in a horizontal plane; mounting each of the housings in the frame; connecting electrical connections of the outdoor solar light system; and fastening a solar panel over the top of the frame. 10. The method of claim 9 further comprising the step of adjusting the direction a light will shine by rotating a disc against the face of each housing. 11. The method of claim 10 further comprising the step of adjusting the direction the light will shine by tilting the light relative to the disc. 12. The method of claim 11 further comprising the step of servicing a component of the outdoor solar light system by excessively tilting the light relative to the disc until the component is accessible through an aperture in the disc. 13. The method of claim 9 further comprising the step of erecting the pole after fastening the solar panel over the top of the frame. 14. A method for converting the posture of an outdoor solar light system comprising the steps of: disassembling a frame from a solar panel, housings and a pole; rotating the frame and the solar panel ninety degrees; reassembling the frame to the pole, housings and solar panel. 15. The method of claim 14 further comprising the step of rotating a light of one of the housings. 16. The method of claim 14 further comprising the step of tilting a light of one of the housings. 17. The method of claim 15 further comprising the step of tilting a light of one of the housings. 18. The method of claim 16 further comprising the steps of excessively tilting the light of one of the housings; and accessing a component of the outdoor solar light system through an aperture that is exposed after excessively tilting the light. 19. The method of claim 17 further comprising the steps of excessively tilting the light of one of the housings; and accessing a component of the outdoor solar light system through an aperture that is exposed after excessively tilting the light. 20. The method of claim 14 further comprising the step of substituting different housings before the step of reassembling. 