Systems and methods for disposing and supporting a solar panel array are disclosed. The embodiments comprise various combinations of cables, support columns, and pod constructions in which to support solar panels. The solar panels can incorporate single or dual tracking capabilities to enhance sunlight capture. The embodiments encourage dual land use in which installation of the systems minimizes disruption of the underlying ground. Supplemental power may be provided by vertical axis windmills integrated with the columns. Special installations of the system can include systems mounted over structures such as parking lots, roads and aqueducts.
Claims 1. A solar panel system comprising: a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said panel receivers being arranged in a combination defining a solar panel array; a support system for supporting the panel receivers, the support system comprising a plurality of trusses supported between a plurality of columns, wherein each of the panel receivers are secured to the trusses at spaced locations along adjacent trusses, each of said trusses comprising (i) an upper main cable, (ii) a lower main cable and (iii) at least one interconnecting member for interconnecting the upper and lower cables, wherein at least one of said interconnecting members is a rigid compression member. 2. A solar panel system comprising: a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said panel receivers being arranged in a combination defining a solar panel array; a support system for supporting the panel receivers, the support system comprising a plurality of trusses supported between a plurality of columns, wherein each of the panel receivers are secured to the trusses at spaced locations along adjacent trusses, each of said trusses comprising (i) an upper main cable, (ii) a lower main cable and (iii) at least one interconnecting member for interconnecting the upper and lower cables; and at least one tensioning mechanism for selectively tensioning said at least one interconnecting member, said tensioning mechanism having a base secured to at least one of said upper and lower cables, a roller rotatably mounted to said base, and a locking element for selectively locking the at least one interconnecting member that contacts said roller thereby locking said interconnecting member against said roller when said interconnecting member is selectively tensioned. 3. A system as claimed in claim 2, wherein: said at least one interconnecting member is continuous and extends continuously between said upper and lower cables and through said at least one tensioning mechanism. 4. A solar panel system comprising: a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said panel receivers being arranged in a combination defining a solar panel array; a support system for supporting the panel receivers, the support system comprising a plurality of trusses supported between a plurality of columns, wherein each of the panel receivers are secured to the trusses at spaced locations along adjacent trusses, each of said trusses comprising (i) an upper main cable, (ii) a lower main cable and (iii) at least one interconnecting member for interconnecting the upper and lower cables; and at least one vertical axis windmill incorporated on one of said columns, said vertical axis windmill comprising an upper end of said one of said columns, and a plurality of vanes disposed around said upper end of said column, said plurality of vanes being rotatable about said upper end of said column by wind that strikes said vanes, wherein said vertical axis windmill provides supplemental power to said solar panel system. 5. A system, as claimed in claim 4, wherein: said at least one vertical axis windmill comprises a plurality of vertical axis windmills incorporated at respective upper ends of said columns. 6. A solar panel system comprising: a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said panel receivers being arranged in a combination defining a solar panel array; a support system for supporting the panel receivers, the support system comprising a plurality of trusses supported between a plurality of columns, wherein each of the panel receivers are secured to the trusses at spaced locations along adjacent trusses, each of said trusses comprising (i) an upper main cable, (ii) a lower main cable and (iii) at least one interconnecting member for interconnecting the upper and lower cables; and wherein said panel receivers are mounted over said upper cables in a convex mounting configuration. 7. A solar panel system comprising: a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said panel receivers being arranged in a combination defining a solar panel array; a support system for supporting the panel receivers, the support system comprising a plurality of trusses supported between a plurality of columns, wherein each of the panel receivers are secured to the trusses at spaced locations along adjacent trusses, each of said trusses comprising (i) an upper main cable, (ii) a lower main cable and (iii) at least one interconnecting member for interconnecting the upper and lower cables; and wherein said panel receivers are mounted over said upper cables in a concave mounting configuration. 8. A system, as claimed in claim 1, further including: a roof disposed under said solar panel array and supported by said solar panel system. 9. A system, as claimed in claim 8, wherein: said roof includes a plurality of openings forming skylights. 10. A solar panel system comprising: a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said panel receivers being arranged in a combination defining a solar panel array; a support system for supporting the panel receivers, the support system comprising a plurality of trusses spaced from one another wherein each of the panel receivers are secured to the trusses at spaced locations along adjacent trusses, each of said trusses comprising (i) and upper main cable, (ii) a lower main cable and (iii) a plurality of interconnecting members for interconnecting the upper and lower cables; and a protective covering secured to said plurality of lower cables and extending under said array and over a substantial portion of a length and width of said array, said protective covering being selected from a group consisting of an impermeable membrane and a permeable membrane with a selected porosity enabling a selected amount of sunlight to pass through said protective covering. 11. A solar panel system comprising: a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said plurality of panel receivers being arranged in a combination defining a solar panel array; a plurality of columns positioned at least at exterior edges of said solar panel array; a plurality of cables extending between respective columns, said panel receivers being supported by pairs of respective upper cables extending non-parallel to one another; a plurality of complimentary lower cables extending between said columns; a plurality of angularly adjustable connections that interconnect at least one of said panel receivers to said upper cables, wherein at least some of said solar panels extend at different angles as compared to other solar panels of said plurality of solar panels thereby forming at least one panel receiver having a complex non-planar shape. 12. A system, as claimed in claim 11, wherein: said angularly adjustable connection includes a ball and socket combination including a socket member and a ball member. 13. A system, as claimed in claim 11, wherein: said angularly adjustable connection includes at least one shim placed between one of said upper cables and one of said panel receivers connected to said one of said upper cables. 14. A solar panel system comprising: a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said plurality of panel receivers being arranged in a combination defining a solar panel array, at least one of said panel receivers including a strut support assembly including a pair of lower struts extending transversely between a pair of adjacent upper cables of the system, at least one riser extending from each of said lower struts, at least one cross strut interconnecting said lower struts, and at least one panel support strut mounted over said cross strut, and further wherein said panel support strut is oriented at a desired angle for mounting of said solar panels thereover. 15. A solar panel system comprising: a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said plurality of panel receivers being arranged in a combination defining a solar panel array, said panel receivers being selectively spaced from one another in respective columns and rows; a plurality of columns positioned at least at exterior edges of said solar panel array; a plurality of cables extending between respective columns for supporting said solar panel system; vertical supports secured to said cables for mounting said panel receivers; a plurality of tracking mechanisms incorporated on each of said vertical supports for selectively rotating said panel receivers in at least one axis of rotation, said at least one axis of rotation including at least one of a vertical axis of rotation and a horizontal axis of rotation. 16. A system, as claimed in claim 15, wherein: said plurality of tracking mechanisms include a dual axis tracking mechanism having means for rotating a corresponding panel receiver about a vertical axis defined along a vertical member to which the panel receiver is mounted. 17. A system, as claimed in claim 15, wherein: said plurality of tracking mechanisms includes a single axis tracking mechanism having means for rotating a horizontal support to which a corresponding panel receiver is mounted. 18. A method of assembling a solar panel support structure for supporting a plurality of solar panels mounted to said support structure, said method comprising the steps of: providing a plurality of cables including at least one upper cable, at least one lower cable, and at least one interconnecting member interconnecting said upper and lower cables, said interconnecting member being selected from the group consisting of a tension member and a compression member; providing a plurality of temporary supports extending between selected combinations of said plurality of upper and lower cables, and said interconnecting member, said plurality of temporary supports being rigid members for maintaining said plurality of cables in a desired shape; preassembling said plurality of cables and said at least one interconnecting member into trusses; arranging said trusses in spaced relationships with one another and securing said trusses to columns; attaching weights to said trusses in order to stabilize said trusses; securing a plurality of panel receivers to said trusses, each of said panel receivers having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto; and removing said weights. 19. A temporary support truss especially adapted for temporarily supporting a permanent support truss in a solar panel system including a plurality of solar panels mounted within said system, comprising: a plurality of cables and interconnecting members forming a truss of a desired shape; and a plurality of temporary struts extending between selected combinations of said cables and said interconnecting members, wherein said temporary struts maintain said cables and said interconnecting members in a desired shape and configuration. 20. A solar panel system comprising: a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said panel receivers being arranged in a combination defining a solar panel array; a support system for supporting the panel receivers, the support system comprising a plurality of trusses supported between columns, wherein each of the panel receivers are secured to the trusses at spaced locations along adjacent trusses, each of said trusses comprising (i) an upper main cable, (ii) a lower main cable and (iii) at least one interconnecting member for interconnecting the upper and lower cables; and at least one primary bracket having opposing receiver ends for receiving interconnecting members that interconnect said upper and lower cables, said primary bracket being installed such that said opposing receiver ends extend beyond opposite sides of a cable to which the primary bracket is mounted. 21. A solar panel system comprising: a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said panel receivers being arranged in a combination defining a solar panel array; a support system for supporting the panel receivers, the support system comprising a plurality of trusses supported between columns, each of the panel receivers being secured to the trusses at spaced locations along adjacent trusses, each of said trusses comprising (i) an upper main cable, (ii) a lower main cable and (iii) at least one interconnecting member for interconnecting the upper and lower cables, said plurality of panel receivers being oriented in a plurality of spaced rows, and each of said panel receivers being mounted on a corresponding horizontal rotational member in each of said rows; and a tracking mechanism incorporated on each of said horizontal rotational members for selectively rotating said panel receivers about a horizontal axis extending through each of said horizontal rotational members. 22. A system, as claimed in claim 21, wherein: said panel receivers are arranged in a convex mounting over said plurality of upper cables. 23. A system, as claimed in claim 21, wherein: said plurality of panel receivers in each of said rows extends substantially planar with one another, and each of said rows of said panel receivers being mounted between pairs of vertical members secured to convex shaped upper cables. 24. A system, as claimed in claim 21, wherein: said plurality of panel receivers are disposed at a height above said upper cables or at a between said upper and lower cables. 25. A system, as claimed in claim 21, wherein: said plurality of panel receivers are disposed at a height between said upper cables and said lower cables. 26. A solar panel system comprising: a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said plurality of panel receivers being arranged in a combination defining a solar panel array, said plurality of solar panels including a plurality of tubular shaped PV elements extending substantially parallel to one another and spaced from one another along corresponding panel receivers; a plurality of columns positioned at least at exterior edges of said solar panel array; a plurality of upper cables extending between respective columns, said panel receivers being mounted to pairs of respective upper cables; a plurality of complimentary lower cables extending between the columns; a plurality of interconnecting members interconnecting respective upper and lower cables. 27. A solar panel system comprising: a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said panel receivers being arranged in a combination defining a solar panel array; a support system for supporting the panel receivers, the support system comprising a plurality of trusses supported between columns, wherein each of the panel receivers are secured to the trusses at spaced locations along adjacent trusses, each of said trusses comprising (i) an upper main cable, (ii) a lower main cable and (iii) at least one interconnecting member for interconnecting the upper and lower cables; a tracking assembly for rotating at least one of said panel receivers; and a biasing assembly secured to at least one of said panel receivers for selectively biasing rotation of said panel receiver, said biasing assembly including at least one biasing cable extending between opposing ends of said one panel receiver, and at least one biasing element incorporated on said biasing cable. 