A peel and stick electronic system comprises a silicone body, and at least one electronic unit operatively connected to the silicone body. The electronic system is produce by providing a silicone layer on a substrate, providing a metal layer on the silicone layer, and providing at least one electronic unit connected to the metal layer.
Claims The invention claimed is: 1. An electronic apparatus, comprising: a silicone body, and at least one electronic unit operatively connected to said silicone body. 2. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises a sensor. 3. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises a MEMS sensor. 4. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises a resistor. 5. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises a capacitor. 6. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises an integrated circuit. 7. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises a microprocessor. 8. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises an electrode array. 9. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises a display. 10. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises a power source. 11. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises a solar cell. 12. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises a battery. 13. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises a neural probe. 14. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises a light emitting diode. 15. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit forms a system and the system comprises a computer. 16. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit forms a system and the system comprises a radio. 17. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit forms a system and the system comprises a television. 18. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit forms a system and the system comprises a magnetometer. 19. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said silicone body comprises a poly(dimethylsiloxane) body. 20. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said silicone body is a thin flat silicone body. 21. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said silicone body is a spherical silicone body. 22. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said silicone body is a transparent spherical silicone body containing a solar cell and a MEMS sensor. 23. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said silicone body includes a mounting surface. 24. The electronic apparatus of claim 23 wherein said mounting surface is produced in the process of producing said electronic apparatus. 25. The electronic apparatus of claim 23 wherein said mounting surface includes means for connecting said mounting surface to an external surface. 26. The electronic apparatus of claim 25 wherein said means for connecting said mounting surface to an external surface contains an adhesive. 27. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein including metal traces operatively connected to said silicone body and said at least one electronic unit and wherein said at least one electronic unit is irreversibly bonded to said silicone body to make electrical contact between said at least one electronic unit and said metal traces and to seal said electronic apparatus. 28. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises an implantable medical device. 29. The electronic apparatus of claim 28 wherein said implantable medical device comprises a stimulating electrode array. 30. The electronic apparatus of claim 28 wherein said implantable medical device comprises a recording electrode array. 31. The electronic apparatus of claim 28 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises integrated microfluidics for drug delivery in implant applications or chemical or biological sensing applications. 32. An electronic apparatus, comprising: a silicone body, a first unit integrated into said silicone body, at least one additional unit integrated into said silicone body, and a circuit integrated into said silicone body connected to said first unit and connected to said at least one additional unit. 33. The electronic apparatus of claim 32 wherein said circuit is an electronic circuit. 34. The electronic apparatus of claim 32 wherein said first unit is an electronic component. 35. The electronic apparatus of claim 32 wherein said first unit is a sensor. 36. The electronic apparatus of claim 32 wherein said first unit is a MEMS sensor. 37. The electronic apparatus of claim 32 wherein said silicone body comprises a poly(dimethylsiloxane) body. 38. The electronic apparatus of claim 32 wherein said silicone body includes a mounting surface and wherein said electronic apparatus includes means for connecting said mounting surface to an external surface. 39. The electronic apparatus of claim 32 wherein said silicone body includes a mounting surface and wherein said electronic apparatus includes means for connecting said mounting surface to an external surface and said mounting surface contains an adhesive. 40. The electronic apparatus of claim 32 wherein said silicone body is a thin flat silicone body. 41. The electronic apparatus of claim 32 wherein said silicone body is a spherical silicone body. 42. The electronic apparatus of claim 32 wherein said silicone body is a transparent spherical silicone body containing a solar cell and a MEMS sensor. 43. A method of fabricating an electronic apparatus, comprising the steps of: providing a silicone layer on a matrix, providing a metal layer on said silicone layer, providing a second layer of silicone on said silicone layer, providing at least one electronic unit connected to said metal layer, and removing said electronic apparatus from said matrix. 44. The method of fabricating an electronic apparatus of claim 43 wherein said silicone layer and said second layer of a silicone comprise poly(dimethylsiloxane). 45. The method of fabricating an electronic apparatus of claim 43 wherein said silicone layer and said second layer of a silicone provide a thin flat polymer body. 46. The method of fabricating an electronic apparatus of claim 43 wherein said silicone layer and said second layer of a silicone provide a spherical silicone body. 47. The method of fabricating an electronic apparatus of claim 43 wherein said silicone layer and said second layer of a silicone provide a transparent spherical silicone body containing a solar cell and a MEMS sensor. 48. The method of fabricating an electronic apparatus of claim 43 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises a MEMS sensor. 49. The method of fabricating an electronic apparatus of claim 43 wherein said at least one electronic unit comprises an electrode array. 50. The method of fabricating an electronic apparatus of claim 43 wherein said step of removing said electronic apparatus from said matrix provides a tacky surface on said electronic apparatus. 51. The method of fabricating an electronic apparatus of claim 45 including the step of using said tacky surface to attach said electronic apparatus to an external surface. 52. The method of fabricating an electronic apparatus of claim 43 including the step of attaching said electronic apparatus to an external surface. 53. The method of fabricating an electronic apparatus of claim 43 including the step of attaching said electronic apparatus to eyeglasses. 54. The method of fabricating an electronic apparatus of claim 43 including the step of implanting said electronic apparatus. 55. The method of fabricating an electronic apparatus of claim 43 including the step of distributing said electronic apparatus. 56. The method of fabricating an electronic apparatus of claim 43 including the step of distributing said electronic apparatus by distributing said electronic apparatus from an aircraft. 57. The method of fabricating an electronic apparatus of claim 43 including the step of distributing said electronic apparatus by distributing said electronic apparatus from a vehicle. 