A system for in situ monitoring within a specified environment includes a housing with an intake inserted into the environment. A plurality of pumps are included in the housing with a number of test beds, each being separately coupled to one of the number of pumps, where each of the number of test beds holds material and where each of the plurality of pumps operate to separately push fluid through a coupled test bed. An effluent storage device is disposed to receive effluent from the number of test beds.
Claims 1. A system for in situ monitoring within a specified environment comprising: a housing with an intake inserted therein; a plurality of pumps in said housing; a plurality of fluid lines coupled to the plurality of pumps; a plurality of test beds each being separately coupled by one of the plurality of fluid lines to one of the plurality of pumps, where each of the plurality of test beds holds material and where each of the plurality of pumps operate to separately push fluid through a coupled test bed; and an effluent storage device disposed to receive effluent from the plurality of test beds. 2. The system of claim 1 further comprising a control system connected to control the plurality of pumps. 3. The system of claim 2 further comprising a power system coupled to the control system. 4. The system of claim 3 wherein the power system comprises a system selected from the group consisting of battery power, solar power, transmission line supplied power and combinations thereof. 5. The system of claim 1 further comprising at least one injection unit coupled to one of the plurality of test beds. 6. The system of claim 1 further comprising at least one sensing unit coupled to receive fluid from at least one of the plurality of test beds. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the intake comprises a generally tubular water pickup having at least one intake located around its peripheral surface in fluid communication with at least one pump. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the system is made from corrosion resistant materials featuring minimal sorption capacity selected from the group consisting of stainless steel, coated non-precious metal, plastic, polymer, nylon, Teflon, glass, or combinations thereof. 9. The system of claim 1 further comprising at least one sensing unit coupled to receive fluid from at least one of the plurality of test beds, where the at least one sensing unit includes sensors selected from the group consisting of real-time sensors, monitoring equipment, acidity (pH), oxidation/reduction potential (Eh), dissolved oxygen (DO), ion-specific electrodes and chemical sensors, a temperature sensor, an ion-specific electrode, a biochemical sensor, an electrochemical sensor, a tuning fork sensor, and combinations thereof. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein the at least one sensing unit generates signals to trigger reactions at specific points in time selected by changes in the target environment. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein the generated signals comprise radio frequency signaling. 12. The system of claim 1 further comprising a vent line to vent excess gasses. 13. The system of claim 1 further comprising air bleed valves located in front of columns to allow for use of wet sediment columns. 14. The system of claim 1 further comprising means for external water storage to allow the system to be incubated in a well for long durations. 15. The system of claim 14 wherein the means for external water storage comprises a booster pump coupled between the plurality of test beds and a ground level water storage unit. 16. The system of claim 1 wherein the plurality of pumps comprise peristaltic pumps. 17. The system of claim 1 further comprising a safety cable as a secondary holding device having one end connected to the housing and a second end connected to a support to hold the system in place. 18. The system of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of water sensors coupled within the housing to detect the existence of leaks. 19. The system of claim 1 further comprising an easy-drain bottom cap removably assembled to the housing. 20. The system of claim 1 further comprising a sump pump coupled to the housing. 21. The system of claim 1 further comprising an internal frame inserted within the housing for mounting components. 22. The system of claim 1 wherein the plurality of pumps and the plurality of test beds comprise modular components assembled using ACME threads. 23. The system of claim 1 wherein the intake comprises a plurality of intake ports fitted with a filter of a pore size suitable for allowing desirable microorganisms into the device but screening out larger particles, e.g., sand, that may lead to internal clogging of tubing and the test beds. 24. The system of claim 1 wherein a plurality of fluid lines include swivel junctions to allow for the free rotation of modules relative to each other. 25. The system of claim 1 wherein the plurality of pumps and the plurality of test beds comprise modular components further comprising at least one swivel joint connected between modules to facilitate installation and removal of the system. 26. The system of claim 1 wherein the fluid lines include quick-connect elements for making tubing connections. 27. The system of claim 1 wherein all parts required to form a functional ISMA assembly comprise at least two separate modules. 28. The system of claim 27 wherein the modules are joined using bayonet connections. 29. The system of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of flow sensors coupled within the housing to detect fluid flow. 30. The system of claim 1 further comprising water sensors built into the housing to inform on the existence of leaks in the system. 31. The system of claim 30 wherein leak detection information is transmitted to the control unit and communicated to an operator to facilitate remote shut down of system operations. 32. The system of claim 1 wherein each of the plurality of pumps comprises a pump module including a set of pump cartridges, a motor, and a set of rollers where the motor is connected to move the set of rollers in cooperation with the pump cartridges to peristaltically pump fluid. 33. The system of claim 32 further comprising an injection module in fluid communication with the set of pump cartridges where the injection module includes an injection motor, a drive assembly including a lead screw connected to the motor, a plurality of syringes including syringe plungers, and a push plate coupled to the lead screw that bears on the plungers when driven by the motor. 34. The system of claim 1 wherein each of the plurality of test beds are arranged in a test bed module including a plurality of test beds, wherein the test beds are made from clear glass. 35. A method for in situ monitoring within a specified environment comprising: locating a housing in a well, wherein a set of pumps and a plurality of test beds are inserted; controlling each of the set of pumps by signals from the control system to push water from each pump into one of the plurality of separate test beds where, after flowing through each of the test beds, effluent flows into an effluent storage device. 36. The method of claim 35 wherein the set of pumps comprise peristaltic pumps. 37. The method of claim 35 wherein the control system comprises a processor and a communications module. 38. The method of claim 37 further comprising operating one or more sensing units disposed to receive the outflow from the plurality of test beds. 39. The method of claim 38 where the sensing units comprise sensors selected to detect predetermined parameters in the water flowing through the test beds. 40. The method of claim 39 where at least one output signal line from the sensing units is coupled to communicate with a processor. 41. The method of claim 40 wherein the processor communicates received sensor information to a network selected from the group consisting of a private network, WAN, LAN and Internet through communications module, or combinations thereof. 42. The method of claim 35 further comprising operating a multichannel valve interposed between the test beds and the sensing units, where the multichannel valve controls fluid flow from the plurality of test beds to the sensing units so as to allow fluid from selected test beds to flow into the sensing units at any point in time. 43. The method of claim 35 further comprising operating at least one injection unit where the at least one injection unit injects test material into at least one of the plurality of separate test beds. 44. The method of claim 43 wherein the injected material is selected from the group consisting of chemical material, biological material, and combinations thereof. 45. The method of claim 35 wherein each of the inserted devices comprises a modular design allowing for operation of test beds in series to enable turning aerobic groundwater into anaerobic groundwater, which is then fed into a test bed fitted with strict anaerobic bacteria that do not tolerate any oxygen. 46. The method of claim 35 wherein the effluent of one test bed becomes the influent of another test bed. 47. The method of claim 46 further comprising operating switching valves controlled from the ground surface to change the configuration of fluid and/or effluent flow. 48. The method of claim 41 comprising transmitting sensor signals to a receiver station. 49. The method of claim 47 further comprising running multiple test beds in series. 50. The method of claim 35 further comprising powering the system using independent power generated from solar panels, storage batteries and independent power sources, thereby allowing for the unit to operate off the grid with DC current to enable "around-the-clock" operation, day and night. 51. The method of claim 35 further comprising: loading indigenous sediment into one of the test beds; pumping indigenous groundwater containing live bacteria through the sediment test beds; and allowing naturally occurring bacteria to settle and grow in the sediment, and to interact with contaminants. 52. The method of claim 35 further comprising: loading at least one test bed with indigenous sediment with added nutrients; pumping indigenous groundwater containing live bacteria through the sediment containing nutrients; and allowing naturally occurring bacteria to settle in the sediment and grow at an enhanced rate. 53. The method of claim 35 further comprising: loading at least one test bed with a selected material; pumping indigenous groundwater injected with selected chemicals through the sediment columns to promote occurrence of a chemical reaction in the sediment. 54. The method of claim 53 wherein the selected material comprises material selected from the group consisting of indigenous sediment, chemicals, organic material, inorganic material, metals, biological material, iron filings and combinations thereof. 55. The method of claim 35 further comprising: loading a test bed with materials selected from the group consisting of sediment, polymers, catalysts, biological materials, chemicals and groundwater; injecting indigenous groundwater into the test bed and exposing the sediment to physical treatment. 56. The method of claim 55 wherein the physical treatment is selected from the group consisting of radiation, light, a laser beam, an electron beam, long wave radiation, short wave radiation, and combinations thereof. 57. The method of claim 35 further comprising retrieving water samples and shipping the water samples to analytical laboratories. 58. The method of claim 35 further comprising intermittently exchanging an effluent storage bag for continued operation. 59. The method of claim 35 further comprising: deploying multiple ISMA systems in the same area or plume; shutting down individual units in sequence when real-time sensors indicate termination of the experiment is warranted; and retrieving the units in a single field campaign. 60. The system of claim 1 further comprising air bleed valves coupled to the effluent storage device. 61. The system of claim 1 wherein the arrangement of the intake, the plurality of pumps, the plurality of test beds and the effluent storage device comprises modular components that are adapted to be arranged in any order with respect to each other. 62. The system of claim 61 further comprising a clamping tool used to position the modules into an ISMA assembly on site. 63. The system of claim 62 where the clamping tool comprises right and left mating parts that secure the ISMA when joined and fastened together. 64. The system of claim 61 wherein the modules are connected by quick connect connectors allowing more than one connection to be made at the same time to faciliated assembly and disassembly. 65. The method of claim 35 further comprising comparing the efficacy of a resultant remediation achieved after performing the steps of claim 35 against a reactive barrier technology. 