A system and methods are disclosed for a modular platform configured to carry small payloads into orbit. The system comprises a prefabricated module comprising a plurality of panels. An orthogrid pattern can be located on an inner side of one or more of the panels. The orthogrid pattern can comprise an array of orthogonal recessed areas surrounded by an orthogrid wall. The system can include a bolt pattern comprising an attachment location placed near each corner of each recessed area. A torquer coil can be integrated into one or more of the panels.
Claims 1. A modular platform system for constructing satellites configured to carry small payloads into orbit, comprising: a prefabricated module comprising a plurality of panels; at least one panel of the plurality of panels having an orthogrid pattern located on an inner side, the orthogrid pattern comprising an array of orthogonal recessed areas surrounded by an orthogrid wall; and at least one attachment location formed in the panel, wherein the attachment location is configured to facilitate the mounting of a satellite component to the at least one panel to form a panel sub-system. 2. The modular platform system of claim 1, further comprising a torquer coil integrated into one or more of the panels. 3. The modular platform system of claim 2, wherein the integrated torquer coil is carried by an integrated panel support. 4. The modular platform system of claim 2, wherein the integrated torquer coil is located in a first panel and a second panel, wherein the first and second panels are substantially orthogonal. 5. The modular platform system of claim 2, wherein the integrated torquer coil is located in a first panel, a second panel, and a third panel, wherein the first, second and third panels are substantially orthogonal. 6. The modular platform system of claim 1, wherein the at least one attachment location is formed in the orthogrid wall of the at least one panel. 7. The modular platform system of claim 1, wherein the at least one attachment location further comprises a bolt pattern placed near each corner of each recessed area. 8. The modular platform system of claim 1, further comprising a substantially uniform thread size for each of the at least one attachment locations. 9. The modular platform system of claim 1, wherein the satellite component is configured to be coupled to the at least one attachment locations. 10. The modular platform system of claim 1, wherein the satellite component is configured to be coupled to at least four attachment locations. 11. The modular platform system of claim 1, wherein a through-hole may be milled in at least a portion of the array of orthogonal recessed areas. 12. The modular platform system of claim 11, wherein the through-hole is configured to attach an external component. 13. The modular platform system of claim 11, wherein the through-hole is configured to be covered by a transparent material to allow an optical sensor to be placed within the modular platform system and receive information external to the modular platform system. 14. The modular platform system of claim 13, wherein the transparent material is selected from a group consisting of silica glass, alumina glass, and plastic. 15. The modular platform system of claim 1, further comprising a deck configured to be placed within the modular platform system in a direction orthogonal to a launch vector, the deck having an orthogrid pattern comprising an array of orthogonal through-holes. 16. The modular platform system of claim 15, wherein the deck includes at least one attachment location substantially similar to the attachment location formed in the at least one panel. 17. The modular platform system of claim 15, wherein the deck is configured to carry satellite components selected from the group consisting of an electrical component, a mechanical component, and a module. 18. The modular platform system of claim 17, wherein the deck is further configured to undergo testing while separate from the modular platform system, wherein the testing performed is selected from the group consisting of mechanical testing, electrical testing, environmental testing and functional testing. 19. The modular platform system of claim 15, wherein the deck is coupled to at least three panels of the modular platform system, with the deck configured to increase stiffness of the modular platform system. 20. The modular platform system of claim 1, further comprising at least two decks, each deck being coupled to at least three panels of the modular platform system, the decks being configured to carry a satellite component. 21. The modular platform system of claim 1, further comprising a standard threaded pattern for a harness attachment. 22. The modular platform system of claim 1, wherein the panel comprises an integrated backplane configured to carry a computing device. 23. The modular platform system of claim 1, wherein the panel is configured to connect to an external separation device. 24. The modular platform system of claim 22, wherein the panel comprises an integrated bolt pattern, and wherein the integrated backplane and the integrated bolt pattern are integrated on the same panel. 25. The modular platform system of claim 1, wherein the panel is configured to have an attachment area outside the orthogrid, the attachment area having a thickness greater than a thickness of each of the plurality of orthogonal recessed areas, wherein the attachment area can be used to attach non-standard devices to the modular platform system. 26. The modular platform system of claim 25, further comprising vented fasteners used to attach non-standard devices to the attachment area on the at least one panel of the modular platform system. 27. The modular platform system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of panels include six panels in the form of four side panels, a top panel, and a bottom panel. 28. The modular platform system of claim 27, wherein the modular platform system has a rectangular configuration comprised of the four side panels having a length greater than a length of the top and bottom panels. 29. The modular platform system of claim 1, further comprising at least one external component coupled to an external side of panel. 30. The modular platform system of claim 29, wherein the at least one external component includes external components selected from the group consisting of a solar panel, a patch antenna, an optical sensor, and an external appendage. 31. The modular platform system of claim 1, further comprising a deployable surface coupled to an external side of the at least one panel, the deployable surface configured to deploy an attached device away from the modular platform system once the system is in orbit. 32. The modular platform system of claim 31, wherein the deployable surface is configured to support at least one solar panel. 33. The modular platform system of claim 31, wherein the deployable surface is configured to support at least one antenna. 34. The modular platform system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of panels is configured to be coupled together to form a rectangular box. 35. A modular platform system for constructing satellites configured to carry small payloads into orbit, comprising: a prefabricated module comprising six panels; at least one of the panels having an orthogrid pattern located on an inner side, the orthogrid pattern comprising an array of orthogonal recessed areas surrounded by an orthogrid wall; at least one attachment location formed in the orthogrid pattern; and a torquer coil integrated into at least one of said six panels. 36. A method for constructing modular satellite panels configured to carry a payload into orbit using a modular platform system, the method comprising: fabricating a plurality of panels to form a module; forming an orthogrid pattern on an inner side of at least one panel, the orthogrid pattern comprising an array of orthogonal recessed areas surrounded by an orthogrid wall; and forming at least one attachment location in at least one panel of the plurality of panels, the attachment location configured to facilitate the mounting of a satellite component to the panel to form a panel sub-system. 37. A method for constructing satellites configured to carry small payloads into orbit using a modular platform system, comprising: fabricating a plurality of panels to form a module; forming an orthogrid pattern on an inner side of at least one panel, the orthogrid pattern comprising an array of orthogonal recessed areas surrounded by an orthogrid wall; forming at least one attachment location in at least one panel of the plurality of panels; and mounting at least one satellite component to at least one of said six panels using the attachment location to form a panel sub-system. 