A hands-free unit mounts to the sun visor in a vehicle and communicates with a remote hands-free unit. The hands-free unit includes a solar panel that is pivotally attached to a hands-free unit. The solar panel moves between a storage position in which the solar panel lies flat against the hands-free unit, and a deployed position in which the solar panel is pivoted away from the hands-free unit. A biasing mechanism urges the solar panel to the deployed position. A latch mechanism can be provided to hold the solar panel in the storage position when the hands-free unit is not being used in a vehicle.
Claims 1. A communication device for use in a vehicle, said communication device comprising: a. a hands-free unit adapted to be mounted in a vehicle, said hands-free unit including a communication circuit for communicating with a remote unit; b. a solar panel providing power for the hands-free unit; and c. a hinge mechanism pivotally connecting the solar panel to the hands-free unit so as to be movable between a storage position in which the solar panel lies flat against a surface of the hands-free unit and a deployed position in which the solar panel is pivoted away from the surface of said hands-free unit; and d. a mounting device for mounting the hands-free unit in said vehicle. 2. The communication device of claim 1 wherein said hinge mechanism includes a biasing member to bias said solar panel to a deployed position. 3. The communication device of claim 2 wherein said biasing member comprises a spring. 4. The communication device of claim 3 further comprising a latch mechanism to secure the solar panel in the storage position. 5. The communication device of claim 1 wherein the mounting device comprises a resilient clip that engages an edge of the sun visor in a vehicle. 6. The communication device of claim 1 wherein said hinge mechanism further comprises a dampening mechanism to apply a frictional force to the hinge mechanism. 7. The communication device of claim 1 wherein said hinge mechanism further includes a detent engaging the solar panel in the deployed position. 8. A communication device for use in a vehicle, said communication comprising: a. a hands-free unit adapted to be mounted in a vehicle, said hands-free unit including a communication circuit for communicating with a remote unit, a speaker for outputting audible signals, and a microphone for detecting audible signals; b. a solar panel providing power for the hands-free unit; c. a hinge mechanism pivotally connecting the solar panel to the hands-free unit so as to be movable between a storage position in which the solar panel lies flat against a surface of the hands-free unit and a deployed position in which the solar panel is pivoted away from the surface of said hands-free unit; and d. a mounting device for mounting the hands-free unit to said sun visor. 9. The communication device of claim 8 wherein said hinge mechanism includes a biasing member to bias said solar panel to a deployed position. 10. The communication device of claim 9 wherein said biasing member comprises a spring. 11. The communication device of claim 10 further comprising a latch mechanism to secure the solar panel in the storage position. 12. The communication device of claim 8 wherein the mounting device comprises a resilient clip that engages an edge of the sun visor. 13. The communication device of claim 8 wherein said hinge mechanism further comprises a detent mechanism to apply a frictional force to the hinge mechanism. 14. The communication device of claim 8 wherein said hinge mechanism further includes a detent engaging the solar panel in the deployed position. 