A rail line sensing and safety system adapted to reliably sense the presence, and optionally the direction and speed, of vehicles traveling on a rail line, and when a vehicle is sensed, to indicate whether a safety device, such as crossing gates, lights, bells, etc., should be activated. The system comprises at least one detection module typically mounted on a rail, at least one remote module typically located near a detection module, and at least one control module typically located near a safety device. In operation, a detection module senses a vehicle traveling on a rail line and sends signals to a remote module. The remote module then processes signals received from the detection module and transmits signals to the control module. The control module then directs, either directly or indirectly as a backup or supplement to an existing sensing and safety system, whether a safety device should be activated.
Claims 1. A sensing device for a rail line comprising: a first sensor capable of detecting a vehicle traveling on the rail line and signaling a first detection event; a second sensor capable of detecting the vehicle traveling on the rail line and signaling a second detection event, wherein the second sensor is located a fixed distance away from the first sensor; electrical circuitry that accepts signals from the two sensors; and electrical connections that electrically connect the two sensors and the electrical circuitry. 2. The sensing device of claim 1 wherein the first sensor and the second sensor are inductive sensors, each sensor comprising wire wound on a ferrite core, and wherein the wire is Litz Wire, and wherein each sensor is capable of generating a magnetic field that extends a distance above the sensor, and wherein the electrical circuitry is capable of detecting an interruption in the magnetic field of either the first sensor, the second sensor, or both. 3. The sensing device of claim 2 wherein the ferrite core is a PQ-style ferrite core. 4. The sensing device of claim 1, wherein each of the first sensor and the second sensor comprises a coil of wire operable to inductively couple to at least one part of the vehicle traveling on the rail line, and wherein the electrical circuitry is configured to generate, for the first sensor, a first coupling signal and a first output pulse signal, the magnitude of the first coupling signal being based on the amount of inductive coupling between the coil of wire of the first sensor and the vehicle, the first output pulse signal being an output pulse triggered in response to the first coupling signal indicating that the amount of inductive coupling between the coil of wire of the first sensor and the vehicle is approximately at a maximum, and wherein the electrical circuitry is configured to generate, for the second sensor, a second coupling signal and a second output pulse signal, the magnitude of the second coupling signal being based on the amount of inductive coupling between the coil of wire of the second sensor and the vehicle, the second output pulse signal being an output pulse triggered in response to the second coupling signal indicating that the amount of inductive coupling between the coil of wire of the second sensor and the vehicle is approximately at a maximum. 5. The sensing device of claim 4, wherein, for each of the first sensor and the second sensor, as the vehicle gets closer to the sensor's coil of wire, the amount of inductive coupling between the coil of wire and the vehicle increases and the Q factor of the coil of wire decreases, and wherein the magnitude of the coupling signal increases when the amount of inductive coupling between the coil of wire and the vehicle increases. 6. The sensing device of claim 4, wherein the first output pulse signal generated by the circuitry for the first sensor corresponds to the signaling of the first detection event, and the second output pulse signal generated by the circuitry for the second sensor corresponds to the signaling of the second detection event. 7. The sensing device of claim 4, wherein the electrical circuitry comprises, for each of the first sensor and the second sensor, a peak-and-hold detector that is operable to: detect a peak in the magnitude of the coupling signal, and trigger the output pulse signal when the peak in the magnitude of the coupling signal is detected. 8. The sensing device of claim 7, wherein the electrical circuitry comprises, for each of the first sensor and the second sensor, a capacitor located between the wire carrying the coupling signal and the peak-and-hold detector, and wherein the capacitor removes a DC component of the coupling signal, allowing only an AC component of the coupling signal to pass through to the peak-and-hold detector, and wherein the capacitor ensures that static DC-signal drift in the coupling signal is not introduced to the peak-and-hold detector. 9. The sensing device of claim 4, wherein the electrical circuitry comprises, for each of the first sensor and the second sensor, an amplifier operable to amplify the coupling signal, the amplifier comprising a feedback path having a Zener diode to produce a logarithmic transfer characteristic of the amplifier such that the amplifier is capable of accurately handling the coupling signal regardless of whether its magnitude is large or small. 10. The sensing device of claim 4, wherein the electrical circuitry comprises, for each of the first sensor and the second sensor, a comparator operable to terminate the output pulse when the magnitude of the coupling signal falls from a peak magnitude to below a threshold value. 11. The sensing device of claim 4, wherein the electrical circuitry for each of the first sensor and the second sensor is operable to detect an error or a fault in the electrical circuitry and to generate an error signal when the error or fault is detected. 12. The sensing device of claim 1, further comprising a sensor package that houses at least the two sensors, the electrical circuitry and the electrical connections, wherein the sensor package includes an upper casing and a lower casing such that when the two casings are affixed together, a cavity is defined between them, wherein the sensor package includes an attachment device for attaching the sensor package to the rail line. 13. The sensing device of claim 12 wherein the attachment device is an energy absorbing mounting system comprised of: a clamp assembly for attaching the sensor package to the rail line; aluminum shims and vibration absorption pads disposed between the sensor package and the clamp assembly, wherein the vibration absorption pads are composed of rubber or an elastomeric material or other vibration absorbing material; cap screws that run vertically through the sensor package, the aluminum shims, the vibration absorption pads, and into the clamp assembly, wherein the cap screws apply clamping force to attach the sensor package to the rest of the attachment device and to hold the parts of the attachment device together; and lock pins that are inserted horizontally into the side of the sensor package to prevent the cap screws from rotating. 14. The sensing device of claim 1, wherein the electrical circuitry includes a signal processor. 15. The sensing device of claim 14 wherein the signal processor is programmed to calculate the direction, speed or both of the vehicle traveling on the rail line by detecting the order of the first detection event in relation to the second detection event, and measuring the time period between the detection events. 16. The sensing device of claim 1, further comprising: at least one additional sensor capable of detecting the vehicle traveling on the rail line and signaling at least one additional detection event, wherein the electrical circuitry also accepts signals from the at least one additional sensor, wherein the electrical connections also electrically connect the at least one additional sensor. 17. A rail line sensing and safety system comprising: at least one sensing device for a rail line according to claim 1, wherein each sensing device outputs one or more signals that indicate at least one of the presence, direction and speed of a vehicle traveling on the rail line; at least one remote module that accepts signals outputted by at least one of the sensing devices, wherein the remote module processes signals and transmits one or more signals, wherein the remote module is located near the sensing device from which it accepts signals; and a control module that accepts signals outputted by at least one of the remote modules, wherein the control module performs operations based on signals and outputs one or more signals, wherein the signals outputted by the control module indicate, among other things, whether one or more safety devices should be activated, the safety devices being lights, gates, bells, visual, audio or physical warnings, and combinations thereof, wherein the control module and the safety devices are located near an intersection of a rail line and a road, a second rail line, or other path of travel. 18. The rail line sensing and safety system of claim 17 further comprising: one or more solar panels electrically connected to one or more devices or modules, including the sensing device, the remote module and the control module; and one or more battery packs electrically connected to one or more devices or modules, including the sensing device, the remote module and the control module. 19. The rail line sensing and safety system of claim 17 wherein the signals outputted by the control module are sent directly to the one or more safety devices, and wherein the rail line sensing and safety system provides primary control signals for the safety devices. 20. The rail line sensing and safety system of claim 17 wherein the sensing and safety system is adapted to be a supplemental or backup system to a separate existing system, and wherein the signals outputted by the control module are sent to the existing system, and wherein the existing system controls one or more safety devices. 21. The rail line sensing and safety system of claim 20 wherein the existing system attempts to detect the vehicle traveling on the rail line by sending one or more electrical signals down one or more rails of the rail line, whereby the rail operates as a conductor for the one or more signals to travel through. 22. The rail line sensing and safety system of claim 19 further comprising at least one backup sensing device, wherein at least one sensing device located on either side of the safety devices is backed up, as a form of redundancy, by the at least one backup sensing device, wherein the backup sensing device is located a distance away from the sensing device that it backs up, wherein the backup sensing device outputs signals that indicate at least one of the presence, direction and speed of a vehicle traveling on the rail line. 23. The rail line sensing and safety system of claim 20 further comprising at least one backup sensing device, wherein at least one sensing device located on either side of the safety devices is backed up, as a form of redundancy, by the at least one backup sensing device, wherein the backup sensing device is located a distance away from the sensing device that it backs up, wherein the backup sensing device outputs signals that indicate at least one of the presence, direction and speed of a vehicle traveling on the rail line. 24. The rail line sensing and safety system of claim 17 further comprising at least one sensor that monitors health of at least one device or module in the system, including the sensing device and the remote module, wherein the signals transmitted by the remote module and sent to the control module periodically include information regarding health of at least one device or module, wherein the control module is adapted to accept signals and information regarding health of devices or modules. 25. The rail line sensing and safety system of claim 17 wherein the control module includes computing equipment capable of data logging and self-diagnostics. 26. The rail line sensing and safety system of claim 17 further comprising a display that is part of the control module, wherein the display conveys system diagnostics and status indicators. 27. The rail line sensing and safety system of claim 17 wherein the remote module transmits one or more signals using a frequency hopping radio. 28. The rail line sensing and safety system of claim 17 wherein the remote module transmits one or more signals using a cellular network. 29. The rail line sensing and safety system of claim 17 wherein the remote module transmits one or more signals using a licensed frequency. 30. The rail line sensing and safety system of claim 17 wherein the sensing device is located a distance away from the one or more safety devices that the sensing and safety system controls, wherein the distance is between 3,800 feet and 4,500 feet. 