Modeling a monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, solar photovoltaic converter or thermophotovoltaic converter by constraining the bandgap value for the bottom subcell to no less than a particular value produces an optimum combination of subcell bandgaps that provide theoretical energy conversion efficiencies nearly as good as unconstrained maximum theoretical conversion efficiency models, but which are more conducive to actual fabrication to achieve such conversion efficiencies than unconstrained model optimum bandgap combinations. Achieving such constrained or unconstrained optimum bandgap combinations includes growth of a graded layer transition from larger lattice constant on the parent substrate to a smaller lattice constant to accommodate higher bandgap upper subcells and at least one graded layer that transitions back to a larger lattice constant to accommodate lower bandgap lower subcells and to counter-strain the epistructure to mitigate epistructure bowing.
Claims 1. A method of fabricating a monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, photovoltaic converter, comprising: fabricating a cell with multiple subcells including: growing a first graded layer epitaxially on a substrate by beginning with a material having a lattice constant that is lattice-matched to the substrate and ends with a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane that is smaller than the substrate lattice constant; growing at least a top subcell with a top bandgap epitaxially on the first graded layer with the lattice constant of the first subcell matched to the terminal lattice constant in the growth plane of the first graded layer; growing at least a second graded layer epitaxially on the first subcell by beginning with a material having a lattice constant that begins lattice-matched to the subcell on which it is grown and is transparent to radiation that can pass through the subcell on which it is grown and ends with a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane that is larger than the lattice constant of the subcell on which it is grown and remains transparent to radiation that can pass through the subcell on which it is grown; and growing at least a bottom subcell with a bottom bandgap lower than the top bandgap epitaxially on the second graded layer with the lattice constant of the second subcell matched to the terminal lattice constant in the growth plane of the second graded layer. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the substrate is a parent substrate. 3. The method of claim 1, including mounting the cell on a handle and removing the substrate and the first graded layer. 4. The method of claim 1, including growing an etch-stop layer and a front contact layer on the first graded layer before the first subcell, and growing the first subcell on the contact layer. 5. The method of claim 1, including growing a tunnel junction on the first subcell before the second graded layer, and growing the second graded layer on the first tunnel junction. 6. The method of claim 1, including growing a back contact layer on the second subcell. 7. The method of claim 1, including growing at least one middle subcell on the top subcell before the bottom subcell, said middle subcell having a middle bandgap lower than the top bandgap and higher than the bottom bandgap. 8. The method of claim 7, including growing the middle subcell on the top subcell before the second graded layer with the middle subcell lattice-matched to the top subcell. 9. The method of claim 7, including growing the middle subcell on the second graded layer before the bottom subcell with the middle subcell lattice-matched to the terminal lattice constant in the growth plane of the second graded layer. 10. The method of claim 1, including growing the second graded layer to have a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane that is larger than the substrate lattice constant. 11. The method of claim 1, including growing the second graded layer to have a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane that is smaller than the substrate lattice constant. 12. The method of claim 1, including: determining bandgaps for the subcells as well as for one or more middle subcells by constraining the bottom cell bandgap to be not less than a minimum value, and modeling the bandgaps of all the subcells to achieve the highest light energy to electrical energy conversion efficiency that is theoretically possible for a given solar spectrum with said constrained minimum bandgap value for the bottom subcell; and growing the subcells with respective bandgaps conformed to the modeled bandgaps. 13. The method of claim 12, including growing on the first graded layer before the second graded layer any middle subcell that has a bandgap value which can be provided by a semiconductor material lattice-matched to the terminal lattice constant in the growth plane of the first graded layer. 14. The method of claim 13, including constraining the minimum bottom bandgap value to a value below which average reflection of light wavelengths absorbable by materials with the modeled bandgaps cannot be maintained at less than ten percent. 15. The method of claim 1, including growing the first graded layer in tension and growing the second graded layer in compression. 16. The method of claim 1, including growing at least one middle subcell on the top subcell before the bottom subcell, said middle subcell having a middle bandgap lower than the top bandgap and higher than the bottom bandgap. 17. The method of claim 16, including growing at least one middle graded layer on the top subcell before the middle subcell with said at least one middle graded layer being transparent to radiation that can pass through the top subcell. 18. The method of claim 16, including growing the at least one middle graded layer on the top subcell by beginning with a material having a lattice constant in the growth plane that is matched to the subcell on which it is grown and is transparent to radiation that can pass through the subcell on which it is grown and ends with a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane that is larger than the lattice constant of the subcell on which it is grown and remains transparent to radiation that can pass through the subcell on which it is grown. 19. A method of fabricating a monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, photovoltaic converter, comprising: fabricating a cell with multiple subcells including: growing a first graded layer epitaxially on a substrate by beginning with a material having a lattice constant that is lattice-matched to the substrate and ends with a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane that is larger than the substrate lattice constant; growing at least a bottom subcell with a bottom bandgap epitaxially on the first graded layer with the lattice constant of the first subcell matched to the terminal lattice constant in the growth plane of the first graded layer; growing at least a second graded layer epitaxially on the first subcell by beginning with a material having a lattice constant that begins lattice-matched to the subcell on which it is grown and is transparent to radiation that is desired to reach the bottom subcell and ends with a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane that is smaller than the lattice constant of the subcell on which it is grown and remains transparent to radiation that is desired to reach the bottom subcell; and growing at least a top subcell with a top bandgap higher than the bottom bandgap epitaxially on the second graded layer with the lattice constant of the second subcell matched to the terminal lattice constant in the growth plane of the second graded layer. 20. A monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, photovoltaic converter, comprising: a top subcell with a first bandgap grown epitaxially on a first graded layer that was grown epitaxially on a substrate with a starting lattice constant of the first graded layer being matched to the substrate and with a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane being smaller than the substrate lattice constant, wherein the top subcell has a first bandgap and a lattice constant that is smaller than the substrate lattice constant; a second graded layer grown epitaxially on the top cell with a starting lattice constant of the second graded layer being matched to the lattice constant of the subcell on which it is grown and a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane larger than the lattice constant of the subcell on which it is grown, said second graded layer being transparent to radiation that can pass through the subcell on which it is grown; and a bottom subcell grown epitaxially on the second graded layer with a second bandgap that is smaller than the first bandgap of the top subcell and a lattice constant that matches the terminal lattice constant in the growth plane of the second graded layer. 21. The monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem photovoltaic converter of claim 20, wherein the substrate is the parent substrate. 22. The monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, photovoltaic converter of claim 20, including at least one middle subcell grown on the top subcell before the bottom subcell. 23. The monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, photovoltaic converter of claim 22, including at least one middle subcell grown on and lattice-matched to the top subcell before the second graded layer. 24. The monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, photovoltaic converter of claim 22, including at least one middle subcell grown on the second graded layer before the bottom subcell and lattice-matched to the terminal lattice constant in the growth plane of the second graded layer. 25. The monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, photovoltaic converter of claim 23, wherein the second graded layer is transparent to radiation transmitted by all of the subcells in front of the second graded layer. 26. The monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, photovoltaic converter of claim 25, including a middle graded layer grown on the middle subcell before the bottom subcell, said middle graded layer having a starting lattice constant that matches the lattice constant of the subcell on which it is grown and a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane that is larger than the terminal lattice constant in the growth plane of the first graded layer and smaller than the starting lattice constant of the second graded layer, and said middle graded layer being transparent to radiation that can pass through all of the subcells that are in front of the middle graded layer. 27. The monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, photovoltaic converter of claim 20, wherein the top subcell, second graded layer, and bottom subcell are mounted on a handle, and wherein the substrate and the first graded layer are removed. 28. The monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, photovoltaic converter of claim 20, wherein the first graded layer is in tension and the second graded layer is in compression. 29. The monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, photovoltaic converter of claim 20, wherein the terminal lattice constant in the growth plane of the second graded layer is larger than the substrate lattice constant. 30. The monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, photovoltaic converter of claim 20, wherein the terminal lattice constant in the growth plane of the second graded layer is smaller than the substrate lattice constant. 31. A monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, photovoltaic converter, comprising: a bottom subcell with a bottom bandgap grown epitaxially on a first graded layer that was grown epitaxially on a substrate with a starting lattice constant of the first graded layer being matched to the substrate lattice constant and with a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane that is larger than the substrate lattice constant, wherein the bottom subcell has a lattice constant that is larger than the substrate lattice constant; a second graded layer grown epitaxially on the bottom subcell with a starting lattice constant of the second graded layer being matched to the lattice constant of the subcell on which it is grown and a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane smaller than the lattice constant of the subcell on which it is grown, said second graded layer being transparent to radiation that is desired to reach the bottom subcell; and a top subcell grown epitaxially on the second graded layer with a top bandgap that is larger than the bottom bandgap and a lattice constant that matches the terminal lattice constant in the growth plane of the second graded layer. 32. A photovoltaic converter comprising a monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem cell characterized by: high bandgap energy converter means for converting high energy radiation to electricity, wherein said high energy converter means comprises a semiconductor material with a high bandgap that was grown lattice-mismatched to a substrate by growing first graded layer means on the substrate for transitioning from a substrate lattice constant to a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane that was smaller than the substrate lattice constant and the same as the semiconductor material of the high bandgap energy converter means; second graded layer means grown epitaxially on the high bandgap energy converter means for transitioning from the lattice constant of the high bandgap energy converter means to a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane that is larger than the lattice constant of the high bandgap energy converter means, said second graded layer means also being transparent to radiation that can pass through the high bandgap converter means; and low bandgap energy converter means grown epitaxially on the second graded layer means for converting low energy radiation to electricity. 33. The photovoltaic converter of claim 32, including middle bandgap energy converter means grown epitaxially on the high bandgap energy converter means before the second graded layer means for converting middle energy radiation to electricity, wherein said middle bandgap energy converter means comprises a semiconductor material with a middle bandgap and that has a lattice constant the same as the lattice constant of the energy converter means on which it was grown. 34. The photovoltaic converter of claim 33, wherein the high bandgap, middle bandgap, and low bandgap have been determined by modeling the high bandgap, middle bandgap, and low bandgap to achieve the highest overall radiation to electrical energy conversion efficiency that is theoretically possible in a selected radiation spectrum with a constraint that limits the low bandgap to designated minimum value. 35. The photovoltaic converter of claim 32, wherein the monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem, cell is mounted on handle means for support, and the substrate and first graded layer means are removed. 36. The phototovoltaic converter of claim 33, including: middle graded layer means grown epitaxially on the middle bandgap energy converter means before the second graded layer means for providing a middle intervening transition from the lattice constant of the energy converter means on which it is grown to a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane that is larger than the lattice constant of the energy converter means on which it is grown and smaller than the terminal lattice constant in the growth plane of the second graded layer means, wherein said middle graded layer means is transparent to radiation that passes through the energy converter means on which it is grown; and additional energy converter means grown epitaxially on the middle graded layer means before the second graded layer means for converting a portion of the radiation that passes through the middle bandgap energy converter means to electricity, said additional energy converter means having a bandgap that is lower than said middle bandgap and higher than said low bandgap. 37. A photovoltaic converter comprising a monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem cell characterized by: first energy converter means for converting radiation to electricity, wherein said first energy converter means comprises a semiconductor material with a first bandgap that was grown lattice-mismatched to a substrate by growing first graded layer means on the substrate for transitioning from a substrate lattice constant to a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane that was larger than the substrate lattice constant and the same as the semiconductor material of the first energy converter means; second graded layer means grown epitaxially on the first energy converter means for transitioning from the lattice constant of the first energy converter means to a terminal lattice constant in the growth plane that is smaller than the lattice constant of the first energy converter means, said second graded layer means also being transparent to radiation that is desired to reach the first converter means; and second energy converter means grown epitaxially on the second graded layer means for converting radiation to electricity, said second energy converter means having a second bandgap that is higher than the first bandgap. 