A self-sufficient material property profile regulation method and system, for adjusting fluid property profiles such as in an ocean of multiple property layers, is described. Using this Fluid Property Regulator, the property profiles of a non-enclosed material, including property profiles related to material density, chemical characteristics and space-time position, are affected due to motion of the material relative to a body in the flow stream. The state of other matter with which the initial material then makes direct or indirect contact is also affected. For example, in the case of a liquid such as an ocean current, the temperature, salinity, nutrient content and other properties may be destratified (i.e. layers being combined) as the system lifts large quantities of deep water and combines this material with surface water in the downstream far-field region of the system. The resulting regulation of such ocean water property profiles may then also indirectly affect the properties of the atmosphere above the ocean so that the system can be said to affect planetary properties both oceanic and atmospheric. Rather than merely discharging a pumped material, such as cold water that might quickly re-submerge, the system regulates lasting property profiles. The new Fluid Property Regulator system described in this invention regulates material properties to produce desired outcomes such as increased food and energy production as well as to prevent undesirable outcomes such as hurricanes, elevated planetary temperatures, decreased planetary ice sheet size, raised sea level and glacial freshwater incursions that can halt important major currents.
Claims 1. A method for regulating a property of a material that is external to a body, said method comprising: placing the body in proximity to the material to cause displacement of at least one portion of the material due to a relative motion between the body and the at least one portion of the material in a downstream far-field region of a flow stream. 2. The method of claim 1, further including securing the body to an outside reference point thereby causing the relative motion between the body and the material in the flow stream. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the flow stream is an ocean current. 4. The method of claim 1, providing a propulsion system that provides thrust to create the relative motion between the body and the external material. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising transferring a portion of the external material from one location to another location relative to one other portion of the external material due to a flow of the external material relative to the body in the flow stream. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the another location is a new elevation in an ocean current. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the property of the material is the density profile of the material. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the property of the material is the temperature profile of the material. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the material is seawater, and wherein the temperature profile of the seawater includes the temperature profile of the top layer of ocean. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the temperature profile of the top layer of ocean includes a reduced temperature in an area of ocean that is in the path of a potential hurricane so as to reduce the intensity of the hurricane. 11. The method of claim 8, wherein the temperature profile includes at least one thermocline, wherein the material is a water current. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the property of the material is the salinity profile of the material. 13. The method of claim 10, wherein the salinity profile has at least one halocline, wherein the material is a water current. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the property of the material is the chemical make-up profile of the material. 15. The method of claim 12, wherein the chemical make-up profile is a nutrient content profile, wherein the material is a water current. 16. The method of claim 1, further comprising generating supplemental power from at least one of water-current power, wave power, temperature-differential power, biofuel power, tidal power, wind power, direct solar power, indirect solar power, hydrogen fuel power, salinity differential power, geothermal power, nuclear power and fossil fuel power. 17. The method of claim 1, further comprising generating supplemental power from a water turbine located near the body. 18. The method of claim 1, further comprising generating supplemental power from one-way gating, said gating permitting one-way flow for a fluid that enters an enclosed region of the body, and said gating preventing the fluid from leaving the enclosed region without the fluid passing through a power generation apparatus. 19. The method of claim 1, further comprising generating supplemental power from wave pumping wherein wave action causes floatation to rise and fall and thereby provide pumping action of fluid through at least one one-way valve and accompanying power generation apparatus. 20. The method of claim 1, wherein the body is hollow, and the method further comprising storing a marine plant material inside the body. 21. The method of claim 20, further comprising converting the marine plant material to fuel by at least one of anaerobic digestion, fermentation, pyrolysis and biohydrogen generation to render the marine plant material a usable energy product. 22. The method of claim 20, further comprising holding carbon content of the marine plant material inside the body at a long-term containment location. 23. The method of claim 1 wherein the body has no nearby surface to provide partial enclosure of the material that is external to the body. 24. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of placing the body includes placing at least two bodies as an archipelago and wherein the collection of bodies redirects a surface fluid away from a region of interest relative to the archipelago. 25. The method of claim 1, further comprising causing the body to rotate such that the rotation causes a pumping action to transport water to a different strata level. 26. A system for regulating a property of a material, the system comprising: a body in proximity to the material so as to alter a position and property of at least one portion of the material in a downstream far-field region of a flow stream due to a relative motion between the body and the material, wherein the material is external to the body. 27. The system of claim 26, further including a securing device connected to the body and to an outside reference point thereby causing the relative motion between the body and the material in the flow stream. 28. The system of claim 27, further including a propulsion subsystem that provides a thrust to relieve mooring tension in the securing device. 29. The system of claim 26, further including a propulsion subsystem that provides a thrust to create the relative motion between the body and the material. 30. The system of claim 26, wherein the body is made of a flexible outer skin material and is filled with a fluid at a pressure higher than a pressure surrounding the body so that the body can maintain a shape. 31. The system of claim 26, wherein the body is positioned so that the material flow relative to the body is such that a portion of the material is moved from a first location to a second location of a different elevation, relative to another portion of the material, due to a flow relative to the body in the flow stream. 32. The system of claim 26, wherein the property is a density profile. 33. The system of claim 26, wherein the property is a temperature profile. 34. The system of claim 26, wherein the property is a salinity profile. 35. The system of claim 26, wherein the property is a chemical profile. 36. The system of claim 35, wherein the chemical profile is a nutrient profile. 37. The system of claim 26, further comprising at least one of a sensor for sensing a position, velocity, acceleration, flow, image, infrared, temperature, salinity, chemical, nutrient, pressure, and/or force; a dye dispenser; and a dye detector. 38. The system of claim 26, wherein the body is used for storage. 39. The system of claim 26, further comprising a buoyant member suitable for supporting the body. 40. The system of claim 26, further comprising a platform, and a buoyant member wherein the buoyant member supports the platform. 41. The system of claim 26, further comprising at least one additional body, and wherein the at least two bodies are attached to one another. 42. The system of claim 27, wherein the securing device is a tiara mooring, said tiara mooring including an anchoring fixture to an outside reference point, a cable, and a connector attached to the body to make a collective arrangement. 43. The system of claim 27, wherein the securing device includes a pipe that both carries mooring tension and serves as a conduit for a material flow. 44. The system of claim 43, wherein the material flow raises deep water. 45. The system of claim 27, wherein the cable of the securing device carries mooring tension and an electrical current between the body and the outside reference point. 46. The system of claim 27, wherein the at least one mooring includes a plurality of moorings, and wherein the length of at least one of the moorings is adjustable relative to the length of at least one other mooring and a reference point to affect a repositioning of the body. 47. The system of claim 26, further comprising a lift mechanism attached to the body to offset any negative buoyancy. 48. The system of claim 26, further comprising a buoyancy device, wherein the body has a top near an interface of the material, and wherein the buoyancy device is positioned near the body top to provide an upward vertical force to the body. 49. The system of claim 26, further including an adjustment mechanism that is foil shaped such that its flow stream angle of attack is adjustable to affect a positioning alteration of the body in the flow stream. 50. The system of claim 26, wherein the body is hollow and may be partially filled with a high density material is otherwise filled with a low density material to achieve desired buoyancy. 51. The system of claim 26, further comprising at least one one-way flow device that allows a material flow through a surface of the body without allowing a material flow in the reverse direction. 52. The system of claim 26, further comprising a pressure relief device that allows material to cross a barrier of the body if the absolute value of a differential pressure inside the body relative to a pressure outside the body exceeds a specified threshold. 53. The system of claim 26, further including a one-way seal that allows the material to enter the body, and a pressure relief mechanism that allows the material to escape from another part of the body to achieve material transfer from one location to another. 54. The system of claim 26, further including a one-way seal apparatus to maintain a higher fluid pressure inside a body of the system to maintain body shape against the force of fluid flow against a relatively flexible said body in a flow stream. 55. The system of claim 26, further including at least one top having segments, said segments being partitioned from one another by canal locks for allowing a craft to enter and leave a protected area created by the breakwater effect when the body is deployed in the material subject to waves in an ocean. 56. The system of claim 26, further including a conduit that passively introduces additional flow to the Fluid Property Regulator from a region of the material that might not otherwise become directly influenced by the body. 57. The system of claim 26, further including a second body that is connected to the first body in sufficiently close proximity to cause Venturi suction between the bodies to passively draw a flow through a conduit from a region of the material that might not otherwise become directly influenced by the body. 58. The system of claim 26, further including a power unit that produces power for generating additional material transfer and regulation. 59. The system of claim 26, further including a conduit having a powered pumping mechanism that actively introduces additional material from a region of the material that might not otherwise become directly influenced by the body. 60. The system of claim 26, further including a second body and a connector that connects the two bodies and provides a mounting point for a platform. 61. The system of claim 26, further comprising a water turbine for generating supplemental power. 62. The system of claim 26, further comprising a one-way gating unit that generates supplemental power, said gating permitting one-way flow for a fluid that enters an enclosure, and said gating preventing the fluid from leaving the enclosure without passing through a power unit. 63. The system of claim 26, further comprising a floatation that is designed to rise and fall with wave action, thereby providing supplemental wave power. 64. The system of claim 26, wherein the body is used to store a material that is different from the material outside the body. 65. The system of claim 64, wherein the stored material is cold seawater and the material outside the body is warm seawater. 66. The system of claim 26, further comprising a skirt of heat exchanger tubing to induce heating of a secondary working fluid for a Carnot cycle boiler unit. 67. The system of claim 26, further comprising a skirt of heat exchanger tubing to induce cooling of a secondary working fluid for a Carnot cycle condenser unit. 68. The system of claim 26, further comprising external structures near the body to allow marine plant farming in a nutrient-rich property-regulated material region downstream of the body. 69. The system of claim 26, further comprising a connector to the body that provides a platform for supporting a containment region near the body, wherein the platform is used for fishing and aquaculture farming in the downstream nutrient-rich property-regulated fluid region. 70. The system of claim 26, wherein the body contains a marine plant material. 71. The system of claim 70, wherein the body contains at least one of anaerobic bacteria, fermentation agents, pyrolysis units and biohydrogen generation units to convert the marine plant material to an energy product. 72. The system of claim 26, wherein the carbon content of the marine plant material, is held inside the body for subsequent transfer to an ocean floor canyon at the end of the body's life cycle so as to permanently remove carbon from the atmosphere. 73. The system of claim 26, further comprising at least one additional body, wherein the at least two bodies are deployed as an archipelago and thereby collectively cause redirection of a surface fluid away from a region of interest relative to the archipelago. 74. The system of claim 26, further comprising: supplemental connector devices, said supplemental connector devices providing additional support for plural on-site self-sustainment subsystems selected from the group including ocean platforms for aquaculture, industry, commerce, transportation, agriculture, recreation, residential living, medicine, education, material handling cranes, energy intensive operations, protected shipping terminals at sea, airport runways and facilities, roads, fields for growing food crops, structures for piers, buildings, hospitals, and/or university facilities. 75. The system of claim 26 further including a discharge conduit that drives a deep-water pump for lifting additional deep water through a pipe. 76. The system of claim 26, wherein the body rotates on an axis due to relative motion between the body and the nearby fluid such that the rotation causes a pumping action to transport the fluid to a different strata level. 77. The system of claim 26, further including an air compression unit that reduces buoyancy of components in the system to submerge the system components below a wave zone during a major storm. 78. The system of claim 26, wherein the body is a double walled body comprised of an inner wall and an outer wall such that an elevated pressure between the walls increases body stiffness. 79. The system of claim 26, wherein the body has no nearby surface to provide partial enclosure of the material that is external to the body. 80. A system for inducing fluid flow, said system comprising a concentric water wheel along a conduit, the concentric water wheel taking power out of an external current as external blades of the concentric water wheel are driven by the material passing along the outside of the conduit, said external blades driving internal blades of the wheel to boost flow within said conduit, said external blades being connected to said internal blades in a concentric arrangement with said external blades separated from said internal blades by a seal, said seal allowing a shaft connecting the blades to rotate with minimal water loss through the seal. 81. A wave pump system for inducing fluid flow, said wave pump system comprising: a wave-riding float, said wave-riding float being attached to an upper pipe sleeve, said upper pipe sleeve having a discharge opening, and a submerged one-way valve mechanism, each one-way valve mechanism allowing fluid flow through said discharge opening in one direction only; a separate concentric lower pipe sleeve, each lower pipe sleeve having a slightly different diameter from the upper pipe sleeve such that relative motion between said upper pipe sleeve and said lower pipe sleeve creates fluid flow due to suction; and an anchoring mechanism attached to said lower sleeve, each anchoring mechanism thereby restraining the lower pipe sleeve from movement while said upper pipe sleeve rises and falls with each wave, thus causing relative sleeve motion and thus fluid flow between the two concentric sleeves and out the discharge opening. 82. A method for regulating planetary properties, said method comprising: placing a body in proximity to a portion of a primary material that is regulated due to a relative motion between the body and the primary material to indirectly regulate a property of a more distant target material that subsequently comes in contact with the primary material and thereby achieves objectives from the set of hurricane abatement, atmospheric temperature regulation, regulation of average accumulation of precipitation in the form of ice, regulation of average ice sheet melting rate, regulation of planetary ice sheet size, regulation of the amount of solar reflection from ice on a planetary surface, regulation of planetary heat absorption due to planetary ice sheet size, further regulation of the average temperature of a planet by regulating the heat absorption due to reflection from planetary ice, regulation of planetary sea level by regulating the amount of planetary ice, and regulating Gulf Stream flow rate by regulating the size of a planetary ice sheet so that glaciers to not melt and accelerate their flow into the ocean thus blocking Gulf Stream flow due to fresh glacial melt water sitting atop the ocean and interfering with salt water currents. 83. The method of claim 82, further including a requirements and control algorithm, said requirements and control algorithm taking as input the latest published figures regarding the amount of carbon dioxide, methane and other temperature affecting gases reported to exist in the atmosphere, and producing as output the number of bodies and the relative velocity of those bodies needed to produce a desirable average atmospheric temperature, said algorithm using standard interpolation and extrapolation techniques based on a look-up table relating published ocean temperature correspondence with ice cap size in the historical record, said algorithm further using a control theory technique to determine a step response with an acceptable overshoot for proper re-stratification of planetary oceans, to achieve a desirable overall steady state water property regulation balance in the oceans over the millennia. 84. A method for balloting, said balloting method having encryption technology, voice recognition technology and cellular phone technology, to make possible the collection of one unique vote per individual, based on unique voice characteristics, for the purpose of making a collective decision. 