A mounting system for frameless solar panels having a plurality of base mounting members and a plurality mounting brackets. Each of the mounting brackets include one or more elongated bars having a center portion, a flat top plane and a flat bottom plane, wherein each of the elongated bars includes slotted holes formed on either end of the elongated bars, whereby the mounting brackets are fastened to the base mounting members through the slotted holes.
Claims 1. A mounting system for frameless solar panels, comprising: a plurality of base mounting members; and a plurality mounting brackets; wherein each of the mounting brackets comprises an elongated bar having a center portion, a flat top plane and a flat bottom plane, wherein each of the elongated bars comprises slotted holes formed on either end of the elongated bars, whereby the mounting brackets are fastened to the base mounting members through the slotted holes. 2. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the base mounting members are ground mounting pans, each comprising: a flat center portion having a front edge and back edge along the long axis of the center portion; two walls perpendicular to the center portion, wherein the bottom edge of the two walls are affixed to the front and back edge of the center portion; and a flange affixed to the top edge of the each of the two walls, wherein the flanges are parallel to each other. 3. The mounting system of claim 2, wherein the center portion of the ground mounting pan is capable of receiving ballast blocks. 4. The mounting system of claim 3, wherein the mounting pans are formed of a metal selected from the group consisting of aluminum or galvanized steel. 5. The mounting system of claim 4, further comprising a plurality of second mounting brackets wherein each of the mounting bracket comprises one or more elongated bars having a center portion, a flat top plane and a flat bottom plane, wherein each of the elongated bars comprises slotted holes formed on either end of the elongated bars, wherein the long axis of the slotted holes of the elongated bar is perpendicular to the long axis of the elongated bar. 6. The mounting system of claim 5, wherein the mounting pans have connection inlets located in the center portion which align with the slotted holes of the second mounting brackets upon installation of the system. 7. The mounting system of claim 6, wherein the mounting pans have a width of about 34.0 inches and a height of about 12.8 inches. 8. The mounting system of claim 4, wherein one side of the center portion is narrower than the other side, thereby allowing the overlapping of the narrower side of one ground mounting pan to the wider side of the center portion of a second ground mounting pan. 9. The mounting system of claim 8, wherein the pan includes a wiring inlet and drainage holes. 10. The mounting system of claim 9, wherein the mounting pans have a width of about 51.0 inches and a height of about 12.5 inches. 11. The mounting system of claim 4, wherein the mounting brackets further comprise: two elongated bars that are parallel to each other; and a brace, wherein the brace connects the two elongated bars. 12. The mounting system of claim 11, wherein the brace is a bar perpendicular to the elongated bars, wherein one end of the brace connects to the first elongated bar and the other end of the brace connects to the second elongated bar. 13. The mounting system of claim 11, wherein the brace comprises two bars intersecting each other. 14. A process for mounting solar panels in a mounting system comprising the steps of: attaching a first bracket to a solar panel; and securing the bracket to a base mounting member, wherein the first bracket comprises an elongated bar having a flat top plane and a flat bottom plane, wherein each elongated bar has slotted holes formed on either end of the elongated bar, wherein the long axis of the slotted holes of the elongated bar is parallel to the long axis of the elongated bar. 15. The process according to claim 14 further comprising overlapping each base mounting member and securing the base mounting member prior to step b). 16. The process according to claim 14 further comprising securing each base mounting member to an adjacent base mounting member by a second bracket prior to step b), wherein the second bracket comprises an elongated bar having a flat top plane and a flat bottom plane, wherein each elongated bar has slotted holes formed on either end of the elongated bar, wherein the long axis of the slotted holes of the elongated bar is perpendicular to the long axis of the elongated bar. 