Systems and methods for disposing and supporting a solar panel array are disclosed. The embodiments comprise various combinations of cables, support columns, and pod constructions in which to support solar panels. The solar panels can incorporate single or dual tracking capabilities to enhance sunlight capture. The embodiments encourage dual land use in which installation of the systems minimizes disruption of the underlying ground. Supplemental power may be provided by vertical axis windmills integrated with the columns. Special installations of the system can include systems mounted over structures such as parking lots, roads and aqueducts.
Claims 1. A solar panel system comprising: a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said receivers being arranged in a combination defining a solar panel array; a support system for supporting the panel receivers, the support system comprising a plurality of support cables suspended between a plurality of columns, said plurality of cables including an upper support cable extending across an area where the system is located, and said cables further including a plurality of vertically extending intermediate tie-downs connected at their first ends to the upper support cables; a plurality of first subsurface supports connected to corresponding intermediate tie-downs at second lower ends of said tie-downs; a plurality of converging tie-downs secured to opposite lateral sides of said array, said converging tie-downs including a plurality of above ground portions with first ends connected to said panel receivers, and second opposite ends converging to attach to corresponding second subsurface supports; 2. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said system further includes a plurality of exterior tie-downs extending diagonally from upper ends of corresponding columns, and having second ends connected to a plurality of corresponding third subsurface supports. 3. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: at least one of said exterior tie-downs, intermediate tie-downs and columns comprise a continuous rigid member with a lower portion thereof forming said subsurface supports. 4. A system, as claimed in claim 1, further including: a plurality of diagonally extending cables secured to one side of said array, and said diagonally extending cables each having one end connected to one of said subsurface supports. 5. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said array further includes at least one continuous tensioning cable and a corresponding tensioning device for selectively tensioning said tensioning cable, said tensioning cable extending across said array in a diagonal configuration including a plurality of turns in which the diagonal cable changes directions along said array. 6. A system, as claimed in claim 2, wherein: said array further includes at least one attachment plate for interconnecting at least one cable of said array to at least one of said exterior tie-downs, converging tie-downs, intermediate tie-downs and columns, said attachment plate further including an opening for receiving a hardware element that interconnects said cable to said attachment plate. 7. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said array further includes at least one supplementary pile secured to said attachment plate. 8. A system, as claimed in claim 1, further including: a saddle connection for interconnecting opposing upper support cables, said saddle connection comprising a curved connection plate mounted at an upper end of one of said columns, said saddle connection further comprising a plurality of cable clamps connected to said curved plate and for attaching said cables to said curved plate. 9. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said converging tie-downs include cables that are located at each end of a corresponding panel receiver, and the cables converging to a single anchor point for connection to said subsurface supports. 10. A system, as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said subsurface supports include at least one of a pile, anchor, or foundation element. 11. A solar panel system comprising: a plurality of panel receivers each having a plurality of solar panels mounted thereto, said panel receivers being arranged in a combination defining a solar panel array; and a support system for supporting the panel receivers, the system comprising a plurality of upper support cables extending between a geographic feature such as a valley and a plurality of intermediate tie-downs, said intermediate tie-downs being secured at upper ends to said upper support cables, and having lower ends connected to corresponding subsurface supports, wherein said intermediate tie-downs have their lower ends located at different elevations based upon terrain underlying the array, and said subsurface supports each extending at selected angles to best support said array. 12. A system, as claimed in claim 11, wherein: said array further includes a continuous tensioning cable and at least one tensioning device for selectively tensioning said tensioning cable, said tensioning cable extending diagonally across said array, and said diagonal cable changing directions at selected locations across the array thereby providing support between selected intermediate tie-downs. 13. A method of supporting a solar panel array, comprising: providing a plurality of columns; providing an upper supporting cable suspended between the plurality of columns; providing a plurality of panel receivers; mounting the panel receivers on the upper supporting cable; providing a plurality of solar panels; mounting the solar panels to the panel receivers; providing a plurality of exterior anchor cables and a plurality of corresponding first subsurface supports at the corners of the solar panel array; connecting the plurality of exterior anchor cables to the plurality of corresponding first subsurface supports; providing a plurality of converging tie downs and a plurality of corresponding second subsurface supports on the lateral side edges of the solar panel array, wherein the plurality of converging tie downs comprise first and second ends; connecting the first ends of the plurality of converging tie downs to the plurality of panel receivers and connecting the second ends of the plurality of converging tie downs to the plurality of second subsurface supports; providing a plurality of vertically extending intermediate tie downs and a plurality of corresponding third subsurface supports; connecting the vertically extending intermediate tie downs to the plurality of corresponding third subsurface supports and anchoring the plurality of third subsurface supports to the ground; and tensioning at least one of the upper supporting cable, the plurality of exterior anchor cables, the plurality of converging tie downs, and the vertically extending intermediate tie downs to control the rigidity of the solar panel array. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising: providing a plurality of diagonally extending cables and a plurality of corresponding fourth subsurface supports; connecting the opposite ends of the plurality of diagonally extending cables to the plurality of corresponding fourth subsurface supports; and anchoring the fourth subsurface supports to the ground. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising: providing a plurality of end columns and a plurality of corresponding fifth subsurface supports to further support the solar panel array. 16. A method of supporting a solar panel array, comprising: providing a plurality of columns; providing an upper supporting cable suspended between the plurality of columns; providing a plurality of panel receivers; mounting the panel receivers on the upper supporting cable; providing a plurality of solar panels; mounting the solar panels to the panel receivers; providing a plurality of vertically extending intermediate tie downs and a plurality of corresponding first subsurface supports; connecting the vertically extending intermediate tie downs to the plurality of corresponding first subsurface supports; and anchoring the first subsurface supports to the ground; providing a continuous tensioning cable and a corresponding tensioning device to selectively tension the continuous tensioning cable and support the solar panel array; attaching the continuous tensioning cable at one end of the solar panel array; and tensioning the continuous tensioning cable to provide the desired rigidity for the solar panel array by manipulation of a free end of the continuous tensioning cable. 17. A method of providing anchoring support for a solar panel array, comprising: providing a continuous foundation having an above-surface support and a subsurface support; providing a connecting plate attached to a lateral side of the continuous foundation, providing an opening for receiving hardware for interconnecting the connecting plate to a supporting cable; and securing one end of a supporting cable to the continuous foundation; wherein the continuous foundation and connecting plate provide increased support for the solar panel array. 18. The method of claim 17, further including: facilitating attachment of a supplementary foundation to one side of the connecting plate. 19. The method of claim 17, further including: providing a connecting plate to receive a pair of cables; and securing a pair of cables to the connecting plate. 20. The method of claim 17, wherein the connecting plate is configured as a saddle to facilitate connection of opposing upper supporting cables, wherein the saddle connection provides selective tensioning on a plurality of panel receivers on both sides of the continuous foundation; and wherein the saddle connection provides locking means to lock the opposing upper supporting cables in a fixed position relative to the continuous foundation. 