A building structure having a high efficiency solar control system is provided. The building structure may have a window defined by a sheet of glass and a film mounted to its exterior side. There may be a gap between the film and the glass wherein the film, film and gap, or gap provides thermal insulation. The film may reflect solar radiation in the near and mid infrared ranges yet allow high transmission of light in the visible range such that the occupants of the building structure may view his/her surroundings through the window. The film may have a layer of silver which reflects the solar radiation in the near and mid infrared ranges. Since the silver is susceptible to oxidation and turns the silver into a black body which absorbs the near and mid infrared radiation, a protective layer on the exterior of the infrared reflecting layer may be designed to slow the rate of oxidation of the silver layer to an acceptable level. The silver layer may be sandwiched between the glass which does not allow oxygen to diffuse there through and reach the layer of silver and the protective layer having a certain thickness which slows down the rate of oxygen diffusion to an acceptable level.
Claims 1. A building structure for sheltering people from an environment, the building structure comprising: a glass window defining an interior side and an exterior side; a film disposed on the exterior side of the glass window for reflecting infrared radiation away from the glass window and for reflecting thermal radiation back into the building structure, the film comprising: an infrared reflecting layer defining an interior side and an exterior side, the interior side of the infrared reflecting layer attached to the exterior side of the glass window, the infrared reflecting layer having an embedded infrared reflecting core which comprises one or more layers of silver and one or more layers of dielectric for reflecting infrared radiation and a first protective layer attached to the exterior side of the infrared reflecting core for mitigating oxidation of the silver layer; an adhesive layer between the film and the glass window for adhering the film to the glass window, the adhesive layer disposed along a peripheral edge portion of the film for forming a gap between the glass window and the film interior to the peripheral edge portion of the film wherein the gap reduces a coefficient of thermal conductivity through the window. 2. The building structure of claim 1 wherein the infrared reflecting layer further comprises one or more second protective layers for providing a sacrificial top layer which can be removed when damaged due to UV exposure. 3. The building structure of claim 1 wherein the film has a lower coefficient of thermal conductivity compared to the glass window. 4. The building structure of claim 1 wherein the adhesive layer further comprises an elongate strip extending between opposed sides of the film. 5. The building structure of claim 1 wherein the infrared reflecting layer is generally transparent to visible spectrum of light. 6. The building structure of claim 1 wherein the infrared reflecting layer is biaxially-oriented polyethelene terephthalate. 7. The building structure of claim 1 wherein the silver and the dielectric layers alternate. 8. The building structure of claim 2 wherein the second protective layers are peelably adhered to one another. 9. The building structure of claim 2 wherein an exterior side of the first and second protective layers has an ultraviolet light absorbing hard coat. 10. The building structure of claim 1 wherein adhesive of the adhesive layer is an ultraviolet light absorbing adhesive. 11. The building structure of claim 1 wherein the first protective layer is sufficiently thick to reduce the rate of oxidation of the silver layer to a level such that the film has a sufficiently useful long life. 12. The building structure of claim 1 wherein the first and second protective layers are fabricated from biaxially-oriented polyethelene terephthalate. 13. The building structure of claim 1 further comprising a protective liner attached to the adhesive layer, the protective liner being cut into a pattern such that a first portion of the protective liner remains attached to the adhesive layer for forming the gap and a second portion of the protective liner is removed from the adhesive layer for exposing the adhesive to secure the film to the glass window. 14. A method for reducing an amount of solar radiation entering a building structure and for increasing insulation value of a window of the building structure, the method comprising the steps of: providing a film for reflecting infrared radiation, the film comprising: an infrared reflecting layer defining an interior side and an exterior side, the infrared reflecting layer having an embedded infrared reflecting core which comprises one or more layers of silver and one or more layers of dielectric for reflecting infrared radiation to an exterior of the building structure and for reflecting thermal radiation to an interior of the building structure and a first protective layer attached to the exterior side of the infrared reflecting core for mitigating oxidation of the silver layer; attaching a peripheral edge portion of the film to an exterior side of the glass window; and forming a gap between the film and the glass window for reducing a coefficient of thermal conductivity through the window. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein the attaching step comprising the step of adhering the interior side of the infrared reflecting layer to the exterior side of the glass window. 16. The method of claim 14 further comprising the step of providing a stack of sacrificial layers removeably attached to each other such that a top most sacrificial layer may be removed and discarded when the top most protective layer is damaged due to ultraviolet light exposure or oxidation; and mounting the stack of sacrificial layers to the first protective layer. 17. A building structure comprising: a glass window defining an interior side and an exterior side; a film attached to the exterior side of the glass window for reflecting infrared radiation away from the glass window to an exterior of the building structure and for reflecting thermal radiation back into an interior of the building structure, the film comprising: infrared reflecting core which comprises one or more layers of silver and one or more layers of dielectric for reflecting infrared radiation, the infrared reflecting core defining opposed first and second sides; first protective layers attached to the first and second sides of the infrared reflecting core, the first protective layer attached to the first side having a first thickness, the first protective layer attached to the second side having a second thickness, the first thickness being greater than the second thickness; wherein the first protective layers provide structural support to the one or more silver layers, and the thicker first protective layer mitigates oxidation of the one or more silver layers caused by oxygen diffusion through the first protective layer attached to the first side of the infrared reflecting layer; an adhesive layer disposed between the film and the glass window for adhering the film to the glass window, the adhesive layer disposed along a peripheral edge portion of the film for forming a gap between the glass window and the film interior to the peripheral edge portion of the film wherein the gap reduces the coefficient of thermal conductivity through the window. 18. The building structure of claim 17 further comprising a stack of sacrificial layers attached to the first protective layer attached to the first side of the infrared reflecting core and removeably attached to each other such that a top most sacrificial layer may be removed and discarded when the top most sacrificial layer is damaged due to ultraviolet light exposure or oxidation. 19. The building structure of claim 17 wherein the sacrificial layers are adhered to each other. 20. The building structure of claim 17 wherein the first thickness is sufficiently thick to reduce the rate of oxidation of the silver layer to a level such that the film has a sufficiently long useful life. 21. The building structure of claim 17 wherein the film has a lower coefficient of thermal conductivity compared to the glass window. 22. The building structure of claim 17 further comprising a protective liner attached to the adhesive layer, the protective liner being cut into a pattern such that a first portion of the protective liner remains attached to the adhesive layer for forming the gap and a second portion of the protective liner is removed from the adhesive layer for exposing the adhesive to secure the film to the glass window. 23. A film for reflecting radiation away from a glass window to an exterior of a building structure and for reflecting thermal radiation back into an interior of the building structure, the film comprising: an infrared reflecting layer defining an interior side and an exterior side, the interior side of the infrared reflecting layer attached to the exterior side of the glass window, the infrared reflecting layer having: an embedded infrared reflecting core which comprises one or more layers of silver and one or more layers of dielectric for reflecting infrared radiation; and a first protective layer attached to the exterior side of the infrared reflecting core for mitigating oxidation of the silver layer; an adhesive layer disposed on the interior side of the infrared reflecting layer for attaching the infrared reflecting layer to the exterior of the glass window, the adhesive layer disposed along a peripheral edge portion of the infrared reflecting layer for forming a gap between the glass window and the film interior wherein the gap reduces a coefficient of thermal conductivity through the window. 24. The film of claim 24 wherein the first protective layer is biaxially-oriented polyethelene terephthalate. 