A multijunction solar cell including an upper first solar subcell, and the base-emitter junction of the upper first solar subcell being a homojunction; a second solar subcell adjacent to said first solar subcell; a third solar subcell adjacent to said second solar subcell. A first graded interlayer is provided adjacent to said third solar subcell. A fourth solar subcell is provided adjacent to said first graded interlayer, said fourth subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said third subcell. A second graded interlayer is provided adjacent to said fourth solar subcell; and a lower fifth solar subcell is provided adjacent to said second graded interlayer, said lower fifth subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said fourth subcell.
Claims 1. A multijunction solar cell comprising: an upper first solar subcell having a first band gap, and the base-emitter junction of the upper first solar subcell being a homojunction; a second solar subcell adjacent to said first solar subcell and having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; a third solar subcell adjacent to said second solar subcell and having a third band gap smaller than said second band gap; a first graded interlayer adjacent to said third solar subcell; said first graded interlayer having a fourth band gap greater than said third band gap; and a fourth solar subcell adjacent to said first graded interlayer, said fourth subcell having a fifth band gap smaller than said third band gap such that said fourth subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said third subcell; a second graded interlayer adjacent to said fourth solar subcell; said second graded interlayer having a sixth band gap greater than said fifth band gap; and a lower fifth solar subcell adjacent to said second graded interlayer, said lower fifth subcell having a seventh band gap smaller than said fifth band gap such that said fourth subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said fourth subcell. 2. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the base of the upper first solar subcell is composed of AlGaInP and the emitter of the upper first solar subcell is composed of AlGaInP. 3. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the band gap of the base of the upper first solar subcell is equal to or greater than 2.05 eV. 4. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the emitter of the upper first solar subcell is composed of a first region in which the doping is graded from 3.times.10.sup.18 to 1.times.10.sup.18 free carriers per cubic centimeter, and a second region directly disposed over the first region in which the doping is constant at 1.times.10.sup.17 free carriers per cubic centimeter. 5. The multijunction solar cell of claim 4, wherein the first region of the emitter of the upper first solar subcell is directly adjacent to a window layer. 6. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the emitter of the upper first solar subcell has a thickness of 80 nm. 7. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, further comprising a spacer layer between the emitter and the base of the upper first solar subcell. 8. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the spacer layer between the emitter and the base of the upper first solar subcell is composed of unintentionally doped AlGaInP. 9. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the base of the upper first solar subcell has a thickness of less than 400 nm. 10. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the base of the upper first solar subcell has a thickness of 260 nm. 11. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the emitter section of the upper first solar subcell has a first region in which the doping is graded, and a second region directly disposed over the first region in which the doping is constant. 12. The multijunction solar cell of claim 11, wherein the second region is thicker than the first region. 13. The multijunction solar cell of claim 1, wherein the first graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the third subcell and less than or equal to that of the fourth subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the third subcell, and is compositionally graded to lattice match the third subcell on one side and the fourth subcell on the other side, and the second graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the fourth subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom fifth subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the fourth subcell, and is compositionally graded to lattice match the fourth subcell on one side and the bottom fifth subcell on the other side. 14. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the first and second graded interlayers are composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs with x and y selected such that the band gap of each interlayer remains constant throughout its thickness. 15. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 13, wherein the band gap of the first graded interlayer remains constant at 1.5 eV throughout the thickness of the first graded interlayer, and the band gap of the second graded interlayer remains constant at 1.5 eV throughout the thickness of the second graded interlayer. 16. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the upper subcell is composed of an AlGaInP emitter layer and an InGaAlP base layer, the second subcell is composed of AlGaAs emitter layer and a AlGaAs base layer, the third subcell is composed of a GaInP emitter layer and a GaAs base layer, the fourth subcell is composed of a GaInAs emitter layer and a GaInAs base layer, and the bottom fifth subcell is composed of a GaInAs emitter layer and a GaInAs base layer. 17. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the lower fifth subcell has a band gap in the range of approximately 0.6 to 0.8 eV, the fourth subcell has a band gap in the range of approximately 0.9 to 1.2 eV; the third subcell has a band gap in the range of approximately 1.3 to 1.5 eV, the second subcell has a band gap in the range of approximately 1.65 to 1.80 eV and the upper subcell has a band gap in the range of 1.9 to 2.2 eV. 18. A multijunction solar cell comprising: an upper first solar subcell having a first band gap, and the base-emitter junction of the upper first solar subcell being a homojunction; a second solar subcell adjacent to said first solar subcell and having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; a third solar subcell adjacent to said second solar subcell and having a third band gap smaller than said second band gap; a first graded interlayer adjacent to said third solar subcell; said first graded interlayer having a fourth band gap that is constant throughout the thickness of the first graded interlayer and greater than said third band gap; and a fourth solar subcell adjacent to said first graded interlayer, said fourth subcell having a fifth band gap smaller than said third band gap such that said fourth subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said third subcell; a second graded interlayer adjacent to said fourth solar subcell; said second graded interlayer having a sixth band gap that is constant throughout the thickness of the second graded interlayer and greater than said fifth band gap; a fifth solar subcell adjacent to said second graded interlayer, said fifth subcell having a seventh band gap smaller than said fifth band gap such that said fifth subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said fourth subcell; a third graded interlayer adjacent to said fifth solar subcell; said third graded interlayer having a eighth band gap greater than said seventh band gap; and a lower sixth solar subcell adjacent to said third graded interlayer, said lower sixth subcell having a ninth band gap smaller than said eighth band gap such that said sixth subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said fifth subcell. 19. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first substrate; forming an upper first solar subcell having a first band gap on said first substrate; forming a second solar subcell adjacent to said first solar subcell and having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a third solar subcell adjacent to said first solar subcell and having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a first graded interlayer adjacent to said second solar subcell; said first graded interlayer having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; forming a third solar subcell adjacent to said first graded interlayer, said third subcell having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell; forming a second graded interlayer adjacent to said third solar subcell; said second graded interlayer having a fifth band gap greater than said fourth band gap; forming a lower fourth solar subcell adjacent to said second graded interlayer, said lower subcell having a sixth band gap smaller than said fourth band gap such that said fourth subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said third subcell; mounting a surrogate substrate on top of fourth solar subcell; and removing the first substrate. 