An apparatus for supporting a solar module is disclosed including: a first support member; a first wind deflector configured to be attached to the first support member; and a first attachment mechanism configured to attach the first support member to the first wind deflector and allow local motion of the first wind deflector relative to the first support member in response to thermal expansion or contraction of the first wind deflector.
Claims 1. An apparatus for supporting a solar module comprising: a first support member; a first wind deflector configured to be attached to the first support member; and a first attachment mechanism configured to attach the first support member to the first wind deflector and allow local motion of the first wind deflector relative to the first support member in response to thermal expansion or contraction of the first wind deflector. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a second wind deflector, and wherein: the first attachment mechanism is configured to attach the second wind deflector to the first support member in a fixed fashion substantially preventing local motion of the second wind deflector relative to the first support member in response to thermal expansion or contraction of the wind deflector. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein, when attached to the first support member, at least a portion of the first and second wind deflectors overlap at the first support member and the attachment mechanism is configured to allow the first support member to slide relative to the second wind deflector. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein, when attached to each other, the first support member and the second wind deflector cooperate to restrict movement of the first wind deflector relative to the second wind deflector along a first direction, while allowing movement of the first wind deflector relative to the second wind deflector along a second direction transverse to the first. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein: the first wind deflector comprises at least one elongated slot; the second wind deflector comprises at least at least one hole having a maximum dimension smaller than the maximum dimension of the elongated slot; and the first attachment mechanism comprises a mounting tab on the support member comprising: a mounting surface; and a mounting protrusion extending in a direction transverse the mounting surface; and, wherein the mounting surface is configured to receive the first and second wind deflectors such that: at least a portion of the first wind deflector is in contact with the mounting surface; at least a portion of the second wind deflector overlays the portion of the first wind deflector in contact with the mounting surface; and the mounting protrusion extends through the elongated slot in the first wind deflector and the hole in the second wind detector. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the attachment mechanism comprises a fastener configured to be received on the protrusion and restrict motion of the first and second wind deflectors in the direction transverse to the mounting surface. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: the mounting surface comprises one or more features configured to position the second deflector, when attached to the first support member, to define a gap space between the second wind deflector and the first support member that receives a portion of the first wind deflector, and the portion of the first wind deflector in the gap is able to slide between the second wind deflector and the first support member along the mounting surface. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein, when attached to the first support member, the portion of the first wind deflector in the gap maintained flush against the mounting surface. 9. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein when attached to the first support member, the portion of the first wind deflector in the gap positioned flush with the mounting surface floats within the gap. 10. The apparatus of claims 4, wherein at least one of the wind deflectors comprises a detente configured to apply pressure between the wind deflector and another wind deflector or the first support member, without substantially preventing movement of the first wind deflector relative to the second wind deflector along a second direction. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a second support member; and a second attachment mechanism configured to attach the first wind deflector to the second support member in a fixed fashion substantially preventing local motion of the first wind deflector relative to the second support member in response to thermal expansion or contraction of the first wind deflector. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, comprising a third wind deflector, and wherein the second attachment mechanism is configured to attach the second support member to the third wind deflector while allowing local motion of the third wind deflector relative to the second support member in response to thermal expansion or contraction of the third wind deflector. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein: when attached to the second support member, at least a portion of the first and third wind deflectors overlap, and the second attachment mechanism is configured to allow the third wind deflector to slide relative to the first wind detector. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least one of the wind deflectors comprises: an elongated member extending from a first end to a second end; and wherein the first end comprises at least one elongated slot; and wherein the second end comprises at least at least one hole having a maximum dimension smaller than the maximum dimension of the elongated slot. 15. A method of supporting a solar module comprising: obtaining a first support member; attaching a first wind deflector to the first support member using a first attachment mechanism in a fashion that allows local motion of the first wind deflector relative to the first support member in response to thermal expansion or contraction of the first wind deflector. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising: using the first attachment mechanism, attaching a second wind deflector to the first support member in a fixed fashion to substantially prevent local motion of the second wind deflector relative to the first support member in response to thermal expansion or contraction of the wind deflector. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein, when attached to the first support member, at least a portion of the first and second wind deflectors overlap at the first support member to allow the first support member to slide relative to the second wind deflector. 18. The method of claim 17, causing the first support member and the second wind deflector cooperate to restrict movement of the first wind deflector relative to the second wind deflector along a first direction, while allowing movement of the first wind deflector relative to the second wind deflector along a second direction transverse to the first. 19. A solar module mounting system comprising: a plurality of apparati for supporting a solar panel configured to support an array of solar modules, each apparatus comprising: a first support member; a first wind deflector configured to be attached to the first support member; and a first attachment mechanism configured to attach the first support member to the first wind deflector and allow local motion of the first wind deflector relative to the first support member in response to thermal expansion or contraction of the first wind deflector, wherein, during operating, the attachment mechanisms operate to reduce or eliminate system wide mechanical forces caused by thermal and expansion of the wind deflectors. 20. The solar module mounting system of claim 19, wherein during operating, the attachment mechanisms operate to substantially eliminate system wide mechanical forces caused by thermal and expansion of the wind deflectors. 