A low speed electric vehicle (LSV) with an off-grid battery charger to extend the range of the vehicle including an internal combustion battery charging generator carried in the trunk space of the vehicle and an optional solar panel mounted on the roof of the vehicle. The internal combustion battery charging generator is distinguished from a conventional hybrid vehicle engine in that the battery charging generator is not mechanically connected to the vehicle drive train, but is instead only electrically connected to the traction battery as a battery charger. The internal combustion battery charging generator is provides sufficient battery charging energy to keep the batteries functionally charged during normal vehicle operation so that contents of a full gas tank and a fully charged battery bank can be consumed during continuous operation of the vehicle.
Claims 1. An extended range electric motor vehicle, comprising: a drive train; a traction battery for powering the drive train to propel the vehicle; an off-grid battery charger carried by the vehicle configured to charge the traction battery with electric power generated onboard the vehicle from a fuel supply carried onboard the vehicle; and wherein the off-grid battery charger is electrically connected to the traction battery and not mechanically connected to vehicle drive train. 2. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 1, wherein the off-grid battery charger comprises an internal combustion electric generator configured to provide sufficient battery charging energy to keep the traction battery functionally charged during normal vehicle operation to cause a full tank of fuel supplying the internal combustion engine and electric energy stored within the traction battery in a fully charged condition to be consumed during continuous operation of the vehicle of sufficient duration. 3. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 1, wherein the off-grid battery charger comprises: a drop-in unit comprising a portion the off-grid battery charger disposed as a self-contained portable unit configured for convenient attachment to and removal from the vehicle; a mounting location on the vehicle configured to receive and attach the drop-in unit to the vehicle; a plurality of pre-installed components of the off-grid battery charger located within the vehicle; a drop-in unit receptacle located on the vehicle pre-wired to the pre-installed components of the off-grid battery charger located within the vehicle; and a power cable extending from the drop-in unit having a plug configured for connection to the drop-in unit receptacle for integrating the drop-in unit with the pre-installed components to create an operational internal combustion battery charging generator carried by the vehicle. 4. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 1, wherein the off-grid battery charger comprises a roof-mounted solar panel and an internal combustion electric generator: 5. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 4, wherein the roof-mounted solar panel and the internal combustion electric generator provide electric power to the charge the traction battery via a common battery charger. 6. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 1, wherein the off-grid battery charger comprises a standard onboard battery charger configured to selectively charge the traction battery from a grid power supply. 7. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 1, further comprising a remote starter for starting an internal combustion engine of the off-grid battery charger operable from an operator's seating position in a passenger compartment of the vehicle. 8. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 1, further comprising an automatic engine shut-off system comprising a voltage level detector operable for shutting off an internal combustion engine of the off-grid battery charger in response to detection of a voltage level of the traction battery above a threshold value. 9. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 1, further comprising an automatic remote starting system comprising a voltage level detector operable for starting an internal combustion engine of the off-grid battery charger in response to detection of a voltage level of the traction battery below a threshold value. 10. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 1, further comprising a gravity fed fuel tank having a filling port and a flip-open door trough a body of the vehicle for accessing the filling port. 11. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 1, wherein the vehicle is a first vehicle, further comprising: a first power distribution circuit onboard the first vehicle providing electric power to a pair of standard onboard battery chargers electrically connected to charge the traction battery onboard the first vehicle with electric power generated by an internal combustion engine of the off-grid battery charger onboard the first vehicle; a second power distribution circuit onboard the first vehicle providing electric power to an accessory panel carried by the first vehicle; wherein the second power distribution circuit is configured to deliver sufficient electric power to charge a traction battery onboard a second electric vehicle via a standard onboard battery charger onboard the second vehicle by plugging the battery charger onboard the second vehicle into the accessory panel onboard the first vehicle. 12. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 1, further comprising a roof-mounted solar panel and a solar battery charger electrically connecting the solar panel to the traction battery. 13. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 1, further comprising: a first power distribution circuit configured to charge the traction battery with power generated by an internal combustion electric generator and a roof-mounted solar panel; and a second power distribution circuit supplying electric power generated by the internal combustion electric generator to an accessory panel. 14. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 13, wherein the second power distribution circuit further comprises a switch for selectively providing electric power from the internal combustion electric generator to the traction battery via a standard onboard battery charger. 15. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 1, further comprising a generator control panel comprising an electric start controller, an electric choke controller, and automatic start on/off controller. 16. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 15, wherein the generator control panel further comprises a supplemental charger on/off controller operable for selectively connecting a standard onboard battery charger to an internal combustion electric generator of the off-grid battery charger. 17. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 15, wherein the generator control panel further comprises a liquid fuel level indicator. 18. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 1, wherein the off-grid battery charger comprises an internal combustion electric generator, further comprising an exhaust system comprising an exhaust pipe, a muffler, and a tail pipe configured to quiet the generator exhaust and deliver exhaust gasses away from a body of the vehicle. 19. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 1, wherein the off-grid battery charger comprises an internal combustion electric generator, further comprising one or more electric fans configured to blow cooling air across an engine of the internal combustion electric generator. 20. The extended range electric motor vehicle of claim 1, wherein the off-grid battery charger comprises an internal combustion electric generator, further comprising a vibration mitigation system comprising a plurality of bushings configured to mitigate vibration of an engine of the internal combustion electric generator. 