Embodiments of the present invention provide a wireless traffic sensor system. The system includes a plurality of wireless traffic sensors collecting traffic information from one or more vehicles that pass by; and at least one wireless communication device that receives the traffic information from at least one of the wireless traffic sensors and relays the traffic information to a wireless communication tower in vicinity. At least one of the wireless traffic sensors is placed inside a container and has a mounting flange that lays over edge of the container and is affixed to the container by one or more spring clips. The spring clips are not physically accessible once the wireless traffic sensor is affixed to the container, and are released only upon receiving a coded wireless electromagnetic signal or by a special tool that matches to a key inside the wireless traffic sensor.
Claims 1. A wireless traffic sensor system comprising: a plurality of wireless traffic sensors collecting traffic and vehicle related information from one or more vehicles that pass by said plurality of wireless traffic sensors; and at least one wireless communication device that receives said traffic and vehicle related information from at least one of said plurality of wireless traffic sensors and relays said traffic and vehicle related information to a wireless communication tower in vicinity. 2. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 1, wherein said wireless communication device is a cell phone carried inside one of said one or more vehicles. 3. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 2, wherein said cell phone is powered up but not in use by a person riding in said one of said one or more vehicles. 4. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 1, wherein at least one of said plurality of wireless traffic sensors is placed inside a container; having a mounting flange that lays over edge of said container; and being affixed to said container by one or more spring clips, wherein said container being installed in ground at a location of a road where said one or more vehicles pass. 5. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 4, wherein said one or more spring clips are not physically accessible to a person once said wireless traffic sensor is affixed to said container, said one or more spring clips are released to disengage said wireless traffic sensor from said container only upon receiving a coded wireless electromagnetic signal or by a tool that is made to match a key inside said wireless traffic sensor. 6. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 1, further comprising a battery charging unit in vicinity of said plurality of wireless traffic sensors, wherein said battery charging unit converts solar power into electrical pulses and transmits said electrical pulses to said plurality of wireless traffic sensors; and wherein said plurality of wireless traffic sensors convert said electrical pulses into DC power to charge a rechargeable battery used in said plurality of wireless traffic sensors. 7. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 1, wherein said plurality of wireless traffic sensors include a first wireless traffic sensor (WTS) and a second WTS being separated from each other by a distance D along a vehicle passing path; said first WTS giving a first estimated speed of a first vehicle passing said first WTS along said path at a first time; said second WTS giving a second estimated speed of a second vehicle passing said second WTS along said path at a second time, the wireless traffic sensor system further comprises a data processing unit that determines whether said second vehicle and said first vehicle are a same vehicle based upon said first estimated speed at said first time; said second estimated speed at said second time; and said distance D between said first and said second WTSs. 8. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 7, wherein said data processing unit determines that said second vehicle is a same vehicle as said first vehicle when a third estimated speed, calculated by dividing said distance D by a time duration from said first time to said second time, is within a pre-determined range of said first estimated speed or said second estimated speed. 9. A wireless traffic sensor system comprising: a first wireless traffic sensor (WTS) and a second WTS being installed in ground along a vehicle passing path and separated by a pre-determined distance; and a data processing unit, wherein said data processing unit receives a first speed of a first vehicle estimated by said first WTS at a first time when said first vehicle passes by said first WTS; receives a second speed of a second vehicle estimated by said second WTS at a second time when said second vehicle passes by said second WTS; and determines whether said second vehicle and said first vehicle are a same vehicle. 10. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 9, wherein determining whether said second vehicle and said first vehicle are a same vehicle comprises calculating a third speed by dividing said pre-determined distance by a time duration between said second time and said first time, and determining said second vehicle is a same vehicle as said first vehicle when said first speed or said second speed is within a pre-determined range of said third speed. 11. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 9, wherein at least one of said first and second wireless traffic sensors is placed inside a container; having a mounting flange that lays over edge of said container; and being fastened to said container by one or more spring clips. 12. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 11, wherein said one or more spring clips are not physically accessible once said wireless traffic sensor is fastened to said container, said one or more spring clips are released only upon receiving a coded wireless electromagnetic signal or by a tool that is made to match a key inside said wireless traffic sensor, to disengage said wireless traffic sensor from said container. 13. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 9, further comprising a battery charging unit in vicinity of said first and second wireless traffic sensors, wherein said battery charging unit converts solar power into electrical pulses and transmits said electrical pulses to said first and second wireless traffic sensors; and wherein said first and second wireless traffic sensors applies energy of said electrical pulses in charging a rechargeable battery used by said first and second wireless traffic sensors. 14. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 9, further comprising a wireless communication device, said wireless communication device receives traffic and vehicle related information from at least one of said first and said second wireless traffic sensors and relays said traffic and vehicle related information to a wireless communication tower in vicinity 15. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 9, wherein traffic and vehicle related information collected by said first and second wireless traffic sensors is caused to be relayed to a wireless communication tower through a cell phones carried by one or more vehicles passing by said first and second wireless traffic sensors. 16. A wireless traffic sensor system comprising: a first and a second wireless traffic sensors being installed in ground along a vehicle passing path; and a battery charging unit in vicinity of said first and second wireless traffic sensors, wherein said battery charging unit converts solar power into a plurality of electrical pulses being transmitted to said first and second wireless traffic sensors; and wherein said first and second wireless traffic sensors uses said plurality of electrical pulses in charging a rechargeable battery used by said first and second wireless traffic sensors. 17. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 16, wherein information collected by said first and second wireless traffic sensors are relayed through a communication device to a wireless communication tower nearby, said information being related to one or more vehicles that pass by said first and second wireless traffic sensors. 18. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 17, wherein said communication device is a cell phone being carried by one of said one or more vehicles and is not in use by any person inside said one of said one or more vehicles. 19. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 18, at least one of said first and second wireless traffic sensors is placed inside a container and is fastened to said container by one or more spring clips at a mounting flange. 20. The wireless traffic sensor system of claim 19, wherein said one or more spring clips are not physically accessible when said wireless traffic sensor is fastened to said container, said one or more spring clips are released only upon receiving a coded wireless electromagnetic signal to disengage said wireless traffic sensor from said container. 