A concentrator-type photovoltaic module includes a module enclosure having a rigid surface, and a flexible backplane within the enclosure and laminated to the rigid surface by an adhesive layer. The flexible backplane includes an array of interposer substrates having transfer-printed solar cells thereon and an interconnect network that provides electrical connections to the solar cells. A respective secondary spherical lens element is provided on respective ones of the solar cells within the enclosure. An optically transparent encapsulation layer may be provided on the secondary lens element of the respective ones of the solar cells, such that the secondary lens element including the encapsulation layer thereon has a different refractive index. A primary lens element is attached to the enclosure opposite to and spaced-apart from the rigid surface, and is positioned to concentrate light onto the respective ones of the solar cells through the secondary lens element thereon.
Claims 1. A concentrator-type photovoltaic module, comprising: a module enclosure having a rigid surface; a flexible backplane within the enclosure and laminated to the rigid surface by an adhesive layer, the flexible backplane comprising an array of interposer substrates including transfer-printed solar cells thereon and an interconnect network that provides electrical connections to the solar cells; a respective secondary spherical lens element on respective ones of the solar cells within the enclosure; and a primary lens element attached to the enclosure opposite to and spaced-apart from the rigid surface, wherein the primary lens is positioned to concentrate light onto the respective ones of the solar cells through the secondary lens element thereon. 2. The module of claim 1, further comprising: an optically transparent encapsulant layer on a respective upward facing surface of the solar cells and on a surface of the respective secondary lens element thereon, wherein the surface of the respective secondary lens element including the encapsulant layer thereon has a different refractive index than that of the secondary lens element. 3. The module of claim 2, wherein the respective secondary lens element includes one or more defects in the surface thereof, and wherein the encapsulant layer comprises a silicone layer that substantially fills the one or more defects to smooth the surface of the respective secondary lens element. 4. The module of claim 3, wherein the solar cells include a respective spacer structure on the respective upward facing surface thereof, and wherein the secondary lens element thereof is self-centered by the spacer structure. 5. The module of claim 4, wherein the module enclosure comprises a unibody frame having a closed-bottom geometry, wherein the rigid surface provides a bottom surface of the unibody frame, and wherein the flexible backplane is laminated directly to the rigid surface by the adhesive layer. 6. The module of claim 5, further comprising: a thermally conductive rail structure attached to the rigid surface opposite the flexible backplane and outside of the enclosure, wherein the rail structure increases a flatness and/or stiffness of the rigid surface. 7. The module of claim 6, further comprising: a junction box assembly attached to the rigid surface opposite the flexible backplane and outside of the enclosure, the junction assembly comprising electrically conductive structures that extend through an opening in the rigid surface to contact the interconnect network of the flexible backplane and provide electrical connections between the solar cells and one or more external terminals. 8. The module of claim 5, wherein the solar cells respectively comprise a thermally conductive and electrically insulating interposer substrate that is surface-mounted to the flexible backplane and a thin film photovoltaic layer that is transfer-printed on the interposer substrate. 9. The module of claim 8, wherein the primary lens element comprises an array of lenslets attached to the unibody frame by a continuous seal extending along a perimeter of the unibody frame. 10. The module of claim 9, wherein the flexible backplane has a thickness of about 0.063 inches or less, wherein the one or more solar cells have respective surface areas of less than 1 square millimeter, and wherein the lenslets of the primary lens element respectively provide a lens-to-cell light concentration of about 1000 times or more. 11. The module of claim 1, wherein the interconnect network electrically connects the solar cells in parallel blocks, wherein a respective reverse-bias protection diode on the flexible backplane is connected in parallel with each parallel block of solar cells. 12. A method of fabricating a concentrator-type photovoltaic module, the method comprising: laminating a flexible backplane to an internal rigid surface of a module enclosure using an adhesive layer, the flexible backplane comprising an array of interposer substrates including transfer-printed solar cells thereon and an interconnect network that provides electrical connections to the solar cells; providing a respective spherical secondary lens element on respective ones of the solar cells within the enclosure; depositing an optically transparent encapsulation layer on the secondary lens element of the respective ones of the solar cells, wherein the secondary lens element including the encapsulation layer thereon has a different refractive index than that of the secondary lens element; and attaching a primary lens element to the enclosure opposite to and spaced-apart from the rigid surface, wherein the primary lens element is positioned to concentrate light onto the respective ones of the solar cells through the secondary lens element thereon. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein providing the secondary lens element on the respective ones of the solar cells comprises: dispensing a transparent adhesive on the respective ones of the solar cells opposite the backplane; and providing the spherical secondary lens element on the transparent adhesive on the respective ones of the solar cells, wherein the secondary lens element includes one or more defects in a surface thereof, and wherein depositing the optically transparent encapsulation layer comprises: depositing the optically transparent encapsulation layer to substantially fill the one or more defects to smooth the surface of the secondary lens element of the respective ones of the solar cells. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the solar cells include a respective spacer structure on a surface thereof, and wherein the secondary lens element is self-centered by the spacer structure. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the module enclosure comprises a unibody frame having a closed-bottom geometry, wherein the rigid surface defines a bottom surface of the unibody frame, and wherein the flexible backplane is laminated directly to the rigid surface by the adhesive layer. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising: transfer-printing a thin film photovoltaic layer on a surface of a thermally conductive and electrically insulating interposer substrate to define the respective solar cells; and surface-mounting the interposer substrates to the flexible backplane to define the array of solar cells prior to laminating the flexible backplane to the rigid surface of the module enclosure. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein laminating the flexible backplane comprises: depositing the adhesive layer on a surface of the flexible backplane opposite the one or more solar cells and/or on the rigid surface of the enclosure; aligning the flexible backplane with a reference indicator on the rigid surface; and bonding the flexible backplane to the rigid surface with the adhesive layer using a vacuum lamination process, hot-roll lamination process, or substantially even pressure distribution. 18. The method of claim 15, wherein the primary lens element comprises an array of lenslets, and wherein attaching the primary lens element comprises: providing a continuous sealing layer along a perimeter of the unibody frame and/or the primary lens element; aligning the primary lens element with the solar cells on the rigid surface such that the lenslets are positioned to concentrate light onto respective ones of the solar cells through the respective secondary lens element thereon; and contacting the primary lens element with the perimeter of the unibody frame such that the sealing layer provides a continuous seal along the perimeter. 19. The method of claim 15, further comprising: pulling the rigid surface against a substantially planar reference surface; and then attaching a thermally conductive rail structure to the rigid surface opposite the flexible backplane and outside of the enclosure, wherein the rail structure increases a flatness and/or stiffness of the rigid surface. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising: attaching a junction box assembly to the rigid surface opposite the flexible backplane and outside of the enclosure, the junction box assembly comprising electrically conductive structures that extend through an opening in the rigid surface to contact the interconnect network of the flexible backplane and provide electrical connections between the solar cells and one or more external terminals. 21. A process for fabricating a concentrator-type photovoltaic module, the process comprising the steps of: (a) laminating a flexible backplane to a rigid internal surface of a unibody module enclosure using an adhesive layer, the flexible backplane comprising an array of interposer substrates including transfer-printed solar cells thereon and an interconnect network that provides electrical connections to the solar cells; (b) providing a respective secondary lens element on respective ones of the solar cells within the enclosure; (c) depositing an optically transparent encapsulation layer on the secondary lens element of the respective ones of the solar cells, wherein the secondary lens element including the encapsulation layer thereon has an altered refractive index relative to that of the secondary lens element alone; (d) attaching a primary lens element to the enclosure opposite to and spaced-apart from the rigid surface, wherein the primary lens element is positioned to concentrate light onto the respective ones of the solar cells through the secondary lens element thereon; (e) attaching a thermally conductive rail structure to the rigid surface of the module enclosure opposite the flexible backplane, wherein the rail structure increases a flatness and/or stiffness of the rigid surface; and (f) attaching a junction box assembly to the rigid surface of the module enclosure opposite the flexible backplane, the junction assembly comprising electrically conductive structures that extend through an opening in the rigid surface to contact the interconnect network of the flexible backplane and provide electrical connections to external terminals. 22. The process of claim 21, wherein the step (b) of providing the respective secondary lens element on respective ones of the solar cells comprises: dispensing a transparent adhesive on the respective ones of the solar cells opposite the backplane; and providing the secondary lens element on the transparent adhesive on the respective ones of the solar cells, wherein the secondary lens element includes one or more defects in a surface thereof, and wherein depositing the optically transparent encapsulation layer comprises: depositing the optically transparent encapsulation layer to substantially fill the one or more defects to smooth the surface of the secondary lens element on the respective ones of the solar cells. 23. The process of claim 22, wherein the step (a) of laminating the flexible backplane comprises: depositing the adhesive layer on a surface of the flexible backplane opposite the one or more solar cells and/or on the rigid surface of the enclosure; aligning the flexible backplane with a reference indicator on the rigid surface; and bonding the flexible backplane to the rigid surface with the adhesive layer using a vacuum lamination process, hot-roll lamination process, or substantially even pressure distribution. 