A green wall planting module has a rear wall, two side walls and a top and bottom wall, the top wall having a concave shape for receiving within its cross section a bottom wall of a green wall planting module mounted approximately one to four millimeters above it on a grid wall structure to suppress splashing and retain rain water. The grid wall structure comprises horizontal rods associated with a vertical wall structure of, for example, a building. The top wall of a lower mounted green wall module comprises an integral slot adapted to receive a horizontal irrigation pipe or hose, collectively referred to herein as a tube, which may lie horizontally in and longitudinally along the slot when the green wall modular apparatus is mounted to the grid wall. Tapered louvers are provided within the green wall planting module slanting upward from the rear wall at a predetermined angle within the module so as to collect and retain water as does the bottom concave wall of the apparatus. A controlled irrigation system including a cistern and rain barrel is provided to re-circulate collected rain water to plantings horizontally displayed by the green wall planting module via said tubes. A lighting system may be controlled to provide light for advertising or bloom simulation purposes on detection of nightfall or according to a calendar year and time of day clock.
Claims 1. Control apparatus for a green wall comprising modular apparatus adapted to display plantings substantially horizontally when said modular apparatus is mounted to a substantially vertical side grid wall associated with a substantially vertical wall of a fixed structure, said control apparatus comprising: a plurality of planting boxes of said modular apparatus, the modular apparatus for mounting to said wall of said fixed structure via said grid wall and the planting boxes for receiving said plantings and displaying said plantings on a side of said grid wall opposite said structure wall; a top wall of said modular apparatus having a concave cross-section and a slot extending vertically downward, the slot disposed off-center of said concave cross-section adapted to receive an irrigation tube for delivering water, said slot having an aperture at the bottom, said top wall for receiving water in said slot for delivery to said plantings; a cistern below said modular apparatus for receiving water by gravity flow from said modular apparatus; a rain barrel for disposition between said grid wall and said structure vertical wall for receiving rain water and for controlled delivery of water to said cistern by gravity flow; a pump for delivery of water from said cistern to said irrigation tube; and a processor having a memory, said processor for detecting water level in said cistern and said rain barrel and detecting moisture content of planting growth media of said planting boxes, said processor, responsive to said detecting, for controlling said pump to deliver water from said cistern and to limit use of water from an external source. 2. The control apparatus of claim 1 wherein said processor comprises a time of clay and calendar date and year clock for timed delivery of water by controlling said pump to deliver water from said cistern at a specific time of day. 3. The control apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a solar panel and batteries for powering said processor and said pump. 4. The control apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a source of nutrient connected between said pump and said irrigation tube. 5. The control apparatus of claim 1, the slot of said top wall adapted to receive an irrigation tube along the length of the slot, the irrigation tube being connected to a valve, said valve operating under control of said processor in response to a moisture sensor in an associated planting box. 6. The control apparatus of claim 1, said rear wall having apertures for receiving one of light fibers and electrical wires, the light fibers and electrical wires adapted to extend through the apertures, plant material and associated plantings and adapted to provide light visible through said plantings under control of said processor. 7. The control apparatus of claim 1, said rain barrel comprising flexible material for filling a cavity between said grid wall and said structure wall. 8. The control apparatus of claim 2, said rain barrel comprising rigid material of substantially thin rectangular shape adapted to be attached to said grid wall between said grid wall and said structure wall. 9. A method of controlling the recycling of rain water through a green wall comprising detecting the level of water in a cistern, detecting the level of water in a rain barrel, detecting the moisture level of planting growth material of a planting box of said green wall, collecting water in said cistern via said rain barrel by respective valves, and selectively pumping water from said cistern to said planting box via a switch-controlled pump when the moisture level of planting growth material is below a threshold level. 10. The control method of claim 9, said rain barrel receiving rain water from one of a gutter and a drain of a roof in response to detection of said level of water in said rain barrel and sensing rain fall, a valve operating to pass rain water to said rain barrel when said level of water in said rain barrel is below a threshold level. 11. The control method of claim 9 further comprising sensing a level of rain fall over time and regulating gravity flow of water from a rain catch to one of a green wall planting box and a rain barrel by gravity flow via a valve associated with said rain catch. 12. The control method of claim 9 further comprising detecting a level of humidity, detecting a temperature at said green wall, detecting an event of night fall, calculating an estimate of dew collecting by plantings, and regulating said pump responsive to a moisture sensor and said dew calculation. 13. The control method of claim 7 further comprising detecting a level of one of nutrient and acidity of planting growth media in a planting box and regulating a flow of nutrient via a control valve on an irrigation tube side of said pump. 12. The control method of claim 9 comprising lighting one of optical fibers and electrical wires of a selected planting box according to one of a determination of a flower blooming period and an event of nightfall. 14. The control method of claim 9 further comprising storing weather historical data for a region in which said green wall is located; determining weather conditions from a barometer, a thermometer and a humidity meter; and comparing said historical data with said determined data to regulate water supply to a planting box. 15. The control method of claim 9 further comprising generating and storing electricity for powering said pump via a solar panel and a battery. 16. Control apparatus for a green wall comprising modular apparatus adapted to display plantings substantially horizontally when said modular apparatus is mounted to a substantially vertical side grid wall associated with a substantially vertical wall of a fixed structure, said control apparatus comprising: a modular apparatus, the modular apparatus for mounting to said wall of said fixed structure via said grid wall; a top wall of said modular apparatus having a slot extending vertically downward, the slot disposed off-center of a concave cross-section of said top wall adapted to receive an irrigation tube for delivering water, said slot having an aperture at the bottom, said top wall for receiving water in said slot for delivery to said plantings; a cistern below said modular apparatus for receiving water by gravity flow from said modular apparatus; a rain barrel for disposition between said grid wall and said structure vertical wall for receiving rain water and for controlled delivery of water to said cistern by gravity flow; a pump for delivery of water from said cistern to said irrigation tube; and a processor having a memory, said processor for detecting water level in said cistern and said rain barrel, said processor, responsive to said detecting, for controlling said pump to deliver water from said cistern. 17. The control apparatus of claim 16 further comprising a valve of said pump for selectively pumping water from said cistern and from an external source. 18. The control apparatus of claim 16 further comprising a valve for said irrigation tube and a moisture sensor of said modular apparatus, said processor for actuating said valve responsive to said moisture sensor. 19. The control apparatus of claim 16 further comprising a source of nutrient connected between said pump and said irrigation tube. 20. The control apparatus of claim 17, said processor for limiting an amount of water pumped from said external source responsive to maximizing the amount of rain water collected in said cistern and said rain barrel. 