The invention is a method for constructing solar energy mounting apparatuses in which structural elements of the apparatus are cast in molds formed on a substantially horizontal surface. A self curing compound, such as reinforced concrete, is used as the material for the structural elements. After curing for sufficient time to achieve strength necessary to allow for handling, the structural element is hoisted into place in a substantially non-horizontal position. Alternatively, the structural element may be used in the moving portion of a solar energy mounting apparatus that performs a tracking function. The use of reinforced concrete in the structural elements of solar energy mounting apparatuses allows for cost reduction over the prior art in that reinforced concrete is less expensive on a unit strength basis than other typical structural materials, such as steel and aluminum. Additional cost reduction is possible because the mass of the reinforced concrete structural elements offsets ballast material that would otherwise be necessary to increase the mass of the foundation to provide resistance to overturning forces due to wind.
Claims 1. A method for constructing a structural element for assembly into a solar energy mounting apparatus comprising: (a) supporting a substantially horizontal surface to be used substantially as a bottom surface of a mold wherein said horizontal surface is supported by a support surface; (b) mounting a vertical wall on said horizontal surface such that said vertical wall encloses an area and in combination with said bottom surface define a volume of said mold, wherein said volume substantially defines a shape of said structural element; (c) filling said volume with a flowable self curing material; (d) allowing said flowable self curing material to cure for a sufficient time such that said flowable self curing material achieves a sufficient strength to be handled without substantially altering its form; (e) removing said structural element from said mold; and (f) assembling said structural element into said solar energy mounting apparatus such that a first surface of said structural element that was substantially formed by said substantially horizontal surface is oriented substantially non-horizontally. 2. The method in claim 1 wherein said flowable self curing material comprises concrete. 3. The method in claim 2 further comprising placing within said volume prior to filling said volume with said flowable self curing material a mechanical component. 4. The method in claim 3 wherein said mechanical component is selected from the following group: (a) a reinforcing material; (b) a fastening device; (c) a mounting flange; and (d) a means for rotation. 5. The method in claim 2 further comprising: (a) reducing said volume by placing a void forming object prior to placing said flowable self curing material. 6. The method in claim 2 wherein said bottom surface and said vertical wall are combined as a prefabricated unit. 7. The method in claim 2 wherein a mold surface of said volume is coated with a bond inhibiting agent. 8. The method in claim 2 further comprising: (a) agitating said flowable self curing material such that said flowable self curing material is consolidated whereby unintended voids or air pockets within said volume are substantially removed. 9. The method in claim 2 wherein said support surface comprises a top surface of a second structural element previously constructed by a method comprising: (a) supporting a second substantially horizontal surface to be used substantially as a second bottom surface of a second mold wherein said second horizontal surface is supported by a second support surface; (b) mounting a second vertical wall on said second horizontal surface such that said second vertical wall encloses a second area and in combination with said second bottom surface defines a second volume of said second mold, wherein said second volume substantially defines a second shape of said second structural element; and (c) filling said second volume with a flowable self curing material; 10. In a solar energy mounting apparatus having a fixed structure pivotally coupled to a moving structure, a method for constructing a structural element of said moving structure comprising: (a) supporting a substantially horizontal surface to be used substantially as a bottom surface of a mold wherein said horizontal surface is supported by a support surface; (b) mounting a vertical wall on said horizontal surface such that said vertical wall encloses an area and in combination with said bottom surface define a volume of said mold, wherein said volume substantially defines a shape of said structural element; (c) filling said volume with a flowable self curing material; (d) allowing said flowable self curing material to cure for a sufficient time such that said flowable self curing material achieves a sufficient strength to be handled without substantially altering its form; (e) removing said structural element from said mold; and (f) assembling said structural element into said solar energy mounting apparatus. 11. The method in claim 10 wherein said flowable self curing material comprises concrete. 12. The method in claim 11 further comprising placing within said volume prior to filling said volume with said flowable self curing material a mechanical component. 13. The method in claim 12 wherein said mechanical component is selected from the following group: (a) a reinforcing material; (b) a fastening device; (c) a mounting flange; and (d) a means for rotation. 14. The method in claim 11 further comprising: (a) reducing said volume by placing a void forming object prior to placing said flowable self curing material. 15. The method in claim 11 wherein said bottom surface and said vertical wall are combined as a prefabricated unit. 16. The method in claim 11 wherein a mold surface of said volume is coated with a bond inhibiting agent. 17. The method in claim 11 further comprising: (a) agitating said flowable self curing material such that said flowable self curing material is consolidated whereby unintended voids or air pockets within said volume are substantially removed. 18. The method in claim 11 wherein said support surface comprises a top surface of a second structural element previously constructed by a method comprising: (a) supporting a second substantially horizontal surface to be used substantially as a second bottom surface of a second mold wherein said second horizontal surface is supported by a second support surface; (b) mounting a second vertical wall on said second horizontal surface such that said second vertical wall encloses a second area and in combination with said second bottom surface defines a second volume of said second mold, wherein said second volume substantially defines a second shape of said second structural element; and (c) filling said second volume with a flowable self curing material; 19. The method in claim 11 further comprising: (a) combining said structural element with an additional component to assemble said solar energy mounting apparatus such that a first surface of said structural element that was substantially formed by said substantially horizontal surface is oriented substantially non-horizontally. 