Thin film photovoltaic cells and strings of cells that may be electrically joined in series by a conductive carrier web that underlies the positive polarity side (bottom side) of the cells. Electrical contact between the positive polarity side of a cell and the carrier web may be made through electrically conductive material such as conductive adhesive disposed between the carrier web and one or more portions of the bottom surface of each cell. Electrical contact between the negative polarity (top side) of a cell and the carrier web may be made through one or more apertures formed in the cell. An electrically conductive material may be disposed in the apertures for this purpose, in conjunction with a dielectric to line the aperture and avoid an electrical short between the opposite polarities of a given cell.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic device comprising first and second cells, each cell having a photovoltaic coating on a sheet creating a positive side and a negative side, the negative side of each cell having a conductive grid structure, and at least one hole along the grid structure, providing access between the positive and negative sides, wherein each hole has walls substantially covered by dielectric material, a carrier having a mounting surface for electrically connecting the first and second cells in series, the carrier being configured to electrically connect the grid of the first cell to the positive side of the second cell via the hole in the first cell. 2. The photovoltaic device of claim 1, wherein the sheet is flexible. 3. The photovoltaic device of claim 1, wherein the sheet is conductive. 4. The photovoltaic device of claim 1, further comprising electrically conductive adhesive connecting the grid of the first cell to the carrier. 5. The photovoltaic device of claim 1, wherein the carrier has a conductive region on the mounting surface, the conductive region running continuously across a gap between the first and second cells. 6. The photovoltaic device of claim 5, further comprising a dielectric layer separating the positive sides of the first and second cells from the conductive region of the carrier except for two openings which provide electrical connection, via a conductive material, from the conductive region of the carrier to the grid of the first cell, and from the conductive region of the carrier to the positive side of the second cell. 7. The photovoltaic device of claim 6, wherein the conductive material is an electrically conductive adhesive. 8. The photovoltaic device of claim 6, wherein the dielectric layer is a dielectric adhesive. 9. The photovoltaic device of claim 6, wherein the dielectric layer includes a layer of double sided dielectric tape. 10. The photovoltaic device of claim 1, wherein each of the first and second cells has layers of transparent thermoplastic tape applied to the positive and negative sides. 11. A string of thin film photovoltaic cells, comprising a plurality of thin-film photovoltaic cells, each cell having a top surface, a bottom surface and at least one aperture extending from the top surface to the bottom surface, and an electrically conductive carrier web underlying the bottom surface of the cells, wherein the top surface of each cell is electrically connected to the carrier web through a first portion of electrically conductive adhesive disposed in the at least one aperture, and the bottom surface of each cell is electrically connected to the carrier web through a second portion electrically conductive adhesive disposed between the carrier web and the bottom surface of each cell. 12. The string of thin film photovoltaic cells of claim 11, further comprising dielectric material disposed within the at least one aperture of each cell to prevent electrical contact between the first portion of electrically conductive adhesive and an inner surface of the aperture. 13. The string of thin film photovoltaic cells of claim 12, further comprising an electrically conductive grid disposed along the top surface of each cell and configured to electrically connect the first portion of electrically conductive adhesive to the top surface of the cell. 14. The string of thin film photovoltaic cells of claim 11, wherein the carrier web includes a polymer substrate coated with a metallic thin film. 15. The string of thin film photovoltaic cells of claim 14, wherein the metallic thin film of the carrier web is divided into discrete sections, and wherein each discrete section is configured to span the bottom surfaces of two of the thin-film photovoltaic cells. 16. The string of thin film photovoltaic cells of claim 15, further comprising a double-sided adhesive tape disposed between the metallic thin film of the carrier web and the bottom surface of the photovoltaic cells. 17. The string of thin film photovoltaic cells of claim 16, wherein the double-sided adhesive tape includes first and second adhesive layers, and a dielectric disposed between the first and second adhesive layers. 18. The string of thin film photovoltaic cells of claim 17, wherein the double-sided adhesive tape includes a plurality of apertures filled configured to receive the second portion of electrically conductive adhesive. 19. A string of thin film photovoltaic cells, comprising: a plurality of thin-film photovoltaic cells, each cell having a top surface, a bottom surface and at least one aperture extending from the top surface to the bottom surface; a first layer of dielectric tape attached to the top surface of each cell and a second layer of dielectric tape attached to the bottom surface of each cell, wherein the dielectric tape extends at least partially through the at least one aperture and is configured to electrically insulate an inner surface of each aperture; and an electrically conductive material disposed in a grid along the top surface of each cell, extending substantially through the at least one aperture of each cell, and configured to carry an electric current from the top surface of each cell through the at least one aperture toward the bottom surface of each cell. 20. The string of thin film photovoltaic cells of claim 19, further comprising an electrically conductive carrier web underlying the bottom surface of the cells. 21. The string of thin film photovoltaic cells of claim 20, further comprising a layer of electrically conductive adhesive disposed between the carrier web and the bottom surface of the cells and configured to electrically connect the carrier web to the electrically conductive material extending through each aperture. 22. The string of thin film photovoltaic cells of claim 20, wherein the carrier web includes a polymer substrate coated with a metallic thin film. 23. A solar cell array, comprising: at least first and second thin film photovoltaic cells, each cell including a top surface, a bottom surface and an aperture extending from the top surface to the bottom surface; an electrically conductive material disposed with the aperture of each cell and configured to transfer electric current from the top surface of each cell toward the bottom surface; and an electrically conductive carrier web underlying the bottom surface of each cell and configured to connect the first and second cells in electrical series by making electrical contact with the electrically conductive material disposed within the aperture of the first cell and by making electrical contact with the bottom of the second cell. 