A multimedia player is used in conjunction with a grave marker to pay tribute to a decedent. A main body portion of the player supports an opaque solar panel portion that also provides a barrier protecting a video screen on the main body portion of the multimedia player from sunlight damage. The solar panel is hinged as a door over the screen and has a wireless interface to a memory card player of the main body portion. The solar panel provides a recharging voltage via the wireless interface to the electronics module to recharge a lithium ion battery that powers the multimedia player. A flash memory reader contains the tribute on a memory card of any format.
Claims 1. In a multimedia player suited for playing a predefined audio and video presentation relating to a decedent, wherein the multimedia device includes a housing carrying a memory device storing said predefined presentation, a multimedia player means in operative communication with said memory device for reading the memory device and playing the presentation, a rechargeable battery in electrical communication with the multimedia player for operating the player to play the presentation, and a display screen in operative communication with the multimedia player means for receiving and displaying a video portion of the presentation, the improvement wherein: said housing carries said display screen on a front face of the housing; and further comprising: a solar panel external of the housing, connectable through the housing to said rechargeable battery for supplying current to recharge the battery; means mounting the solar panel to the housing for selected movement between a closed position wherein a back side of the solar panel overlies said display screen for protecting the display screen from exposure to light while displaying an active front face of the solar panel for receiving light to generate electricity, and an open position uncovering the display screen and thereby permitting viewing the screen. 2. The multimedia player of claim 1, wherein said means mounting said solar panel comprises a hinge, and the multimedia player further comprises a resilient seal carried by said back face of the solar panel in position to seal against said housing when the solar panel is in closed position. 3. The multimedia player of claim 1, wherein said housing further comprises a shield wall extending forward from the position of said screen and juxtaposed to the periphery of said solar panel in closed position. 4. The multimedia player of claim 1, wherein said shield wall includes a top edge wall and a pair of opposed side edge walls providing, in combination with said housing and solar panel in closed position, a labyrinth seal at top and side edges of the display screen. 5. The multimedia player of claim 1, further comprising wireless means for interconnecting said solar panel and battery at an interface of the solar panel and housing. 6. The multimedia player of claim 5, wherein said wireless means comprises: first contacts located on said housing and second contacts located on said solar panel; and further comprising: means for maintaining said solar panel and housing in alignment for bringing said first and second contacts into electrical communication with the solar panel is moved to closed position. 7. The multimedia player of claim 1, wherein said housing further comprises: a shield wall extending forward from the position of said screen at the periphery of said solar panel when in closed position; and said means mounting said solar panel comprises a hinge, wherein the hinge is attached to said shield wall; and the multimedia player further comprises a resilient seal carried by said back face of the solar panel in position to seal against said housing when the solar panel is in closed position. 8. The multimedia player of claim 1, further comprising: a latch having a first latch portion carried by said housing and a second latch portion carried by said solar panel, wherein the first and second latch portions are suitably positioned to mate when said solar panel is in closed position. 9. The multimedia player of claim 8, wherein said housing further comprises: a shield wall extending forward from the position of said screen and juxtaposed to the periphery of said solar panel in closed position; wherein said shield wall includes a top edge wall and a pair of opposed side edge walls providing, in combination with said housing and solar panel in closed position, a labyrinth seal at top and side edges of the display screen; said shield wall is configured to define a cutout area juxtaposed to said first latch portion; and said second latch portion is configured and positioned to substantially close said cutout area when said solar panel is in closed position. 