For good health, exposure to a variety of wavelengths is needed. A balance in the exposure from day to day and throughout the year is necessary. Avoidance of overexposure by having moderation in the exposure is essential to prevent skin cancer and other disorders. The present invention can enhance the probability for good health and reduce the risk of diseases associated with solar radiation exposure and diet for those person with deficient, excess or non-balanced exposure and diet. A key feature of the invention is the use of whole body exposure when possible. This enables the use of very low irradiances for short periods. This results in an overall reduction in the risk of skin cancer. Several techniques are included to increase the UV-B exposure.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A window with adjustable light transmitting sections to control the interior spectral radiation environment, comprising: at least one first section for high ultraviolet transmission; and, at least one second section for high transmission of visible and infrared light while blocking part of the ultraviolet radiation; and a frame to hold said first and second sections in place and means for positioning said sections relative to each other. 2. A window according to claim 1 comprising a third section with differing spectral transmission than said first section and means for moving said third section relative to said first and second sections; 3. A window according to claim 1 including blinds to further control the light transmission of the sections; and, 4. A method to improve the probability for good health and decrease the risk of disease comprising: controlling the indoor spectral radiation environment whole body exposure for an individual to a level within 0.02 MED to 0.06 MED per day or partial body exposure to a level up to 0.2 MED per day. 5. A window according to claim 1 wherein the first section for high ultraviolet transmission is the outer most window. 6. A window according to claim 2 wherein the ultraviolet transmitting section is the outer most window. 7. A window according to claim 1 wherein the means for moving said first section relative to said second section includes retractable pins. 8. A window according to claim 7 wherein at least one handle is provided to move said retractable pins. 9. A window according to claim 1 wherein the ultraviolet transmitting section is composed of a material selected from glass or plastic. 10. An automobile for controlling exposure to ultraviolet light comprising: a roof containing an opening therein; said opening including a first section transparent to visible light; and a second section which blocks ultraviolet radiation; and means for moving said sections relative to each other within said roof to control ultraviolet radiation. 11. A vehicle according to claim 10 wherein the transmitting material is selected from glass and plastic materials and wherein the section blocking ultraviolet transmission is selected from glass and plastic materials. 12. A garment for controlling the transmission of ultraviolet light comprising: a body portion to surround the upper body of the wearer, laterally spaced arm portions extending outwardly from said body portion; at least a portion of said arm portions being made of a material which is transparent to light rays from the ultraviolet, visible and infrared spectrum. 13. A garment according to claim 12 wherein the light transparent material is selected from polyester, polyvinyl, safety glass, and woven glass fibers. 14. A garment according to claim 12 including a long sleeve shirt which is adopted to cover some or all of said light transparent material, to control the amount of ultraviolet exposure. 15. A garment according to claim 14 including means for varying the extent to which the shirt covers said transmitting material. 16. A garment according to claim 12 including means for protecting skin from exposure of radiation. 17. A garment according to claim 16 wherein a hood made of ultraviolet blocking material protects the wearer from excessive radiation. 18. A garment according to claim 17 including means for storing said hood when protection from excessive radiation is not needed. 19. A light fixture providing adjustable ultraviolet radiation and light in an indoor environment comprising: a fixture body portion having means for mounting the fixture upon a wall or ceiling, means for supporting at least one fluorescent lamp within said fixture; means for supporting blocking diffusers within said fixture; and means for moving said diffusers relative to said fluorescent lamp to adjust the amount of radiation emitted from the fixture. 20. A light fixture according to claim 19 wherein a pair of fluorescent lamps are located within said fixture. 21. A fixture according to claim 19 wherein at least two movable diffusers are provided in said fixture, each of which is movable to control the amount of radiation exiting from the fixture. 22. A fixture according to claim 19 including means for mounting said fixture on a vertical wall facing upwardly. 23. A skylight comprising: a skylight body portion; means on said body portion for mounting said skylight upon a ceiling; said skylight body portion supporting an element which transmits infrared, visible and ultraviolet solar radiation; at least one blocking element mounted in said skylight whereby it is movable between a position entirely blocking said light transmitting elements and a position allowing the element to transmit all radiation; and means for moving said blocking element relative to said transmitting element to a variety of positions to control the amount of radiation emanating from the skylight. 24. A skylight according to claim 23 wherein the means for moving said blocking element comprises a lead screw. 25. A skylight according to claim 24 wherein said lead screw includes a rider which is connected to said blocking element and enables said blocking element to be movable relative to said skylight and said transmitting element. 26. A fluorescent lamp fixture comprising: a longitudinally extending mounting box; means attached to said mounting box for mounting a fluorescent lamp; means for mounting incandescent lamps on said mounting box; means for mounting a reflective means integral with said mounting box; and electrical control means for turning on and off said incandescent lamps and said fluorescent lamp, whereby said fluorescent can be utilized in dark periods of time to obtain ultraviolet skin exposure and wherein during other months said incandescent lamps can be utilized. 27. A light fixture providing adjustable ultraviolet, visible and infrared radiation for a hospital bed comprising: a fixture body portion having means for mounting the fixture upon a wall or ceiling, means for supporting at least one fluorescent lamp within said fixture; means for supporting blocking diffusers within said fixture; and means for rotating said diffusers relative to said fluorescent lamp to adjust the amount of radiation emitted from the fixture. 28. A light fixture providing adjustable ultraviolet, visible and infrared radiation in an indoor environment comprising: a fixture body portion having means for mounting the fixture upon a wall or ceiling; means for supporting at least one ultraviolet lamp within said fixture; and means for controlling exposure time. 29. An lighting device providing adjustable ultraviolet, visible and infrared radiation during exercise in an indoor environment comprising: means for supporting at least one lamp and means for controlling said lamp exposure time. 