A reverse mode detection system provides an extremely inexpensive system which can be installed in seconds and which can be used by drivers to gauge the distance from the rear of the vehicle to an object, possible an array of objects, and to provide an optional combination of a soft alert or a distance reading which the user can optionally use to assist in reverse movements of an vehicle. One advantage of the system not before seen is some indication of the rear clearance space left available to the user in backing, and a multi storage calibration ability to enable more precise backing with regard to previously calibrated objects. The ability of the reverse warning and measurement system to actually be used on an vehicle with broad acceptance is based upon its mounting system, simplicity and energy sources which are self contained and conserving of power. The distance sensor is mounted in a frame shaped structure for attachment adjacent the license plate. The frame shaped structure will follow the license plate size which is typically a standard size for different countries. A transmitter associated with the reverse light wiring and illumination system can optionally activate the system in order to conserve battery power.
Claims 1. An vehicle reverse warning and distance measurement system comprising: a frame housing structure for mounting about the periphery of a license plate; a distance sensor mounted within said frame housing structure and directed away from said frame housing structure; a controller electrically connected to said distance sensor; at least a first controller transmitter connected to said controller; a display unit for use inside a passenger compartment of an vehicle further comprising at least a display unit receiver for receiving signals from said at least a first controller transmitter indicative of a distance of at least one object from said frame housing structure. 2. The vehicle reverse warning and distance measurement system as recited in claim 1 and wherein said display unit further includes a display unit transmitter for activating said controller within said frame housing structure. 3. The vehicle reverse warning and distance measurement system as recited in claim 2 and wherein said display unit further includes tilt sensor for activating said display unit transmitter when said frame housing structure is tilted. 4. The vehicle reverse warning and distance measurement system as recited in claim 1 and further comprising a reverse light transmitter associated with activation of an vehicle reverse lamp for activating said controller within said frame housing structure in response to energization of said vehicle reverse lamp, in order to conserve operation of said distance sensor, controller and first transmitter. 5. The vehicle reverse warning and distance measurement system as recited in claim 1 and wherein said display unit receiver can also receive a signal from said reverse light transmitter to energize said controller upon the occurrence of an activation of said reverse light. 6. The vehicle reverse warning and distance measurement system as recited in claim 1 and further comprising at least one battery for powering said distance sensor, controller and first transmitter. 7. The vehicle reverse warning and distance measurement system as recited in claim 2 and further comprising at least one solar array for supplying power to said at least one battery. 8. The vehicle reverse warning and distance measurement system as recited in claim 1 wherein said distance sensor is an electromagnetic distance sensor. 9. The vehicle reverse warning and distance measurement system as recited in claim 1 wherein said distance sensor is a sonic distance sensor. 10. The vehicle reverse warning and distance measurement system as recited in claim 4 wherein said reverse light transmitter associated with activation of an vehicle reverse lamp is in electrical communication with energization conductors associated with said vehicle's reverse lamp wiring. 11. The vehicle reverse warning and distance measurement system as recited in claim 4 wherein said reverse light transmitter associated with activation of an vehicle reverse lamp is optically activated by illumination of said vehicle reverse lamp. 