A technique for easily and cost effectively installing solar photo-voltaic solar panels is provided. Solar panels are installed on pre-existing building structures to minimize the cost of installation. Pre-fabricated and field configurable components are used for mounting the solar panels such that the cost and ease of installation is made even more favorable to an average solar electricity consumer. An example of such a cost-effective implementation includes installing solar panels on pre-existing fences demarcating residences or commercial office spaces. L-shaped brackets are screwed on to the fence pillars. Pre-cut and adjustable aluminum or wooden rails are then mounted on the horizontal protruding arms of the L-shaped brackets. Solar photo-voltaic panels are later fitted on to the rails. Finally, quick disconnects are used to hook-up the solar panels to the DC-to-AC inverter in a desirable configuration to form the electrical circuit. The ease of the installation coupled with the elimination of the need for its professional know-how targets this method of installation for the general public without formal solar electricity installation training.
Claims We claim in this invention: 1. A method for installing solar energy systems, the method comprising: using pre-existing building structures as the basic load-bearing structures for such an installation; installing solar energy systems on these existing structures. 2. A method for installing solar energy systems as recited in claim 1, wherein the basic building structure is a fence such as those used for demarcating boundaries between residential or commercial plots. 3. A method for installing solar energy systems as recited in claim 1, where in the solar energy system is selected from a group of solar electric systems or solar heating systems. 4. A method for installing solar energy systems as recited in claim 3, wherein the solar electric systems comprises of arrays of solar photo voltaic cells to form larger panels. 5. A method for installing solar energy systems, the method comprising: using pre-existing building structures as the basic load-bearing structures for such an installation; using a plurality of connectors and joints to fasten to the building structures; mounting adjustable rails on to the connectors; installing solar panels on these rails; and connecting the solar panels in a desired electrical circuit to generate electricity. 6. A method for installing solar energy systems as recited in claim 5, wherein the basic building structure is a fence such as those used for demarcating boundaries between residential or commercial plots. 7. A method for installing solar energy systems as recited in claim 5, wherein the solar panels are comprised of a single solar photo-voltaic cell or an array of solar photo-voltaic cells. 8. A method for installing solar energy systems as recited in claim 5, wherein the connectors are L-shaped brackets made of materials selected from a group of aluminum, iron, their composites and wood. 9. A method for installing solar energy systems as recited in claim 5, wherein the adjustable rails are made of materials selected from a group of aluminum, iron, their composites and wood. 10. A method for installing solar energy systems as recited in claim 5, wherein the solar panels are installed on the rails using fasteners such as screws and nuts and bolts or using quick-disconnect fasteners. 11. A method for installing solar energy systems as recited in claim 5, wherein the solar panels are electrically connected to a DC-to-AC inverter to generate electricity for household, institutional or commercial use. 12. A method for installing solar energy systems, the method comprising: using easy-to assemble building structures as the basic load-bearing structures for such an installation; using a plurality of connectors and joints to fasten to the building structures; mounting adjustable rails on to the connectors; installing solar panels on these rails; and connecting the solar panels in a desired electrical circuit to generate electricity. 13. A method for installing solar energy systems as recited in claim 12, wherein the basic building structure is selected from a group that includes but is not limited to a gazebo, a patio cover and a window awning. 14. A method for installing solar energy systems as recited in claim 12, wherein the solar panels are comprised of a single solar photo-voltaic cell or an array of solar photo-voltaic cells. 15. A method for installing solar energy systems as recited in claim 12, wherein the connectors are L-shaped brackets made of materials selected from a group of aluminum, iron, their composites and wood. 16. A method for installing solar energy systems as recited in claim 12, wherein the adjustable rails are made of materials selected from a group of aluminum, iron, their composites and wood. 17. A method for installing solar energy systems as recited in claim 12, wherein the solar panels are installed on the rails using fasteners such as screws and nuts and bolts or using quick-disconnect fasteners. 18. A method for installing solar energy systems as recited in claim 12, wherein the solar panels are electrically connected to a DC-to-AC inverter to generate electricity for household, institutional or commercial use. 