A vertically-integrated greenhouse for growing plants in suspended trays. The design is particularly well-suited for installation in a double-skin facade of a building, or in an interior atrium, lobby, or similar structure. In addition to producing food, plants can reduce building maintenance costs by providing shade, air treatment, and evaporative cooling to building occupants. The vertically-integrated greenhouse involves the use of a dynamic movable array of plant trays as a mechanical shading device. The spacings and arrangements of the trays in the tray suspension system can be adjusted on both a diurnal basis and a seasonal basis to maximize plant light capture and building shading, thereby maximizing crop yield and building energy savings, or for esthetic considerations.
Claims 1. A vertical growing system for cultivation of plants, the system comprising: (a) a plurality of trays structurally configured for growing plants therein; (b) a tray suspension system to which the trays are adjustably affixed one above another, wherein: (i) the tray suspension system comprises a drive train and means for adjustment of the vertical position of the trays to the drive system, and has a singular access point for user access and manipulation of the trays; (ii) the spacing between the trays in the suspension system is adjustable to vary the amount of light passing through the tray suspension system to surfaces behind the tray suspension system; and (ii) the tray suspension system is configured to allow natural lighting to pass to the plants growing in the trays; and (c) a water distribution system comprising a reservoir, a pump, and a water supply tube, the water distribution system providing a flow of irrigation water to the plants growing in the trays, and drainage of excess water from the trays. 2. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the trays are structurally configured for growing plants hydroponically, via a nutrient film technique, or in a solid growing medium. 3. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the trays are spaced between about 10-30 inches apart in the suspension system during a growing cycle. 4. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the trays have a grade in the range of about 0.5-2 inches over 5 feet, or in the range of from 0.05.degree. to 0.1.degree.. 5. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the trays have respective inlets and outlets and are interconnected by one or more water distribution tube(s), and wherein the water distribution system provides water to an inlet of an upper tray, and water exiting through an outlet of the upper tray flows via gravity to an inlet of a lower tray. 6. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the trays have respective inlets and outlets, and the water distribution system provides water to an inlet of a tray and water exiting the tray flows through a water distribution tube to the reservoir for recirculation. 7. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the tray suspension system comprises means for tracking solar elevation for optimizing the amount of light provided to the trays. 8. The growing system according to claim 7, wherein the trays in the tray suspension system are arranged in a front row and a rear row; and the front and rear rows of trays are staggered and vertically adjustable relative to each other to optimize the amount of light passing to or through the trays. 9. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the tray suspension system comprises motorized or manual means for adjusting the position of the trays. 10. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the suspension system comprises automated means for adjusting the position of the trays. 11. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the tray suspension system comprises a plant cable lift system which provides adjustable vertical raising and lowering of individual trays or sets of trays. 12. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the tray suspension system comprises a conveyor system which vertically conveys each tray through the growing system while maintaining a substantially static spacing between trays. 13. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the suspension system comprises a pulley assembly, a set of suspension wires for spatial alignment of the trays, and a set of lifting wires for vertical positioning of the trays. 14. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the trays are affixed to the suspension system via a releasable L-shaped bracket. 15. The growing system according to claim 10, wherein the water distribution system is mechanically independent of the conveyor system. 16. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the water distribution system further provides plant nutrients to the trays. 17. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the water distribution system irrigates the trays simultaneously, sequentially, or a combination of both. 18. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the water distribution system is configured for recirculation of the irrigation water within the growing system. 19. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the growing system is structurally configured for mounting in an atrium. 20. The growing system according to claim 1, wherein the growing system is structurally configured for mounting to a facade of a building. 