A back-contact solar cell module and a process for making such a solar cell module are provided. The module includes a porous wire mounting layer with a plurality of elongated electrically conductive wires mounted thereon. A polymeric encapsulant layer is provided between a rear surface of solar cells of the module and the porous wire mounting layer and is melted to adhere to the solar cells and penetrate the porous wire mounting layer. Back electrical contacts on the solar cells are electrically connected to the electrically conductive wires through the porous wire mounting layer.
Claims 1. A process for making a back-contact solar cell module, comprising: providing a solar cell array of at least four solar cells each having a front light receiving surface, an active layer that generates an electric current when said front light receiving surface is exposed to light, and a rear surface opposite said front surface, said rear surface having positive and negative polarity electrical contacts thereon, at least two of the solar cells of the solar cell array arranged in a column; providing a porous wire mounting layer having opposite first and second sides and having a lengthwise direction and a crosswise direction perpendicular to the lengthwise direction, said porous wire mounting layer being porous throughout; providing a plurality of elongated electrically conductive wires and adhering said plurality of electrically conductive wires to the first side of said porous wire mounting layer in the lengthwise direction of said porous wire mounting layer, said plurality of electrically conductive wires not touching each other upon being adhered to said porous wire mounting layer, and said plurality of electrically conductive wires extending at least the length of at least two of the solar cells in the solar cell array; providing a polymeric encapsulant layer between the rear surface of the solar cells and the second side of the porous wire mounting layer, said polymeric encapsulant layer having openings formed therein that are aligned with electrical contacts of the rear surface of the solar cells; providing a conductive material in the openings of polymeric encapsulant layer, and physically and electrically connecting said positive and negative polarity electrical contacts on the rear surface of said solar cells to the electrically conductive wires on the porous wire mounting layer by said conductive material through said encapsulant layer and said porous wire mounting layer; melting the polymeric encapsulant layer, forcing some of said melted encapsulant into the porous wire mounting layer, and solidifying said polymeric encapsulant so as to adhere the encapsulant to the rear surface of the solar cells and to the wire mounting layer; and providing a back-sheet, and adhering the back-sheet over the plurality of electrically conductive wires and over the first side of said polymeric wire mounting layer. 2. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 1 wherein said porous wire mounting layer is a glass fiber mesh. 3. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 1 wherein said porous wire mounting layer is a porous layer comprised of polymeric material having a melting temperature that is higher than the melting temperature of the polymeric encapsulant layer. 4. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 3 wherein said porous wire mounting layer is a porous mesh or weave comprised of polymeric fibers. 5. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 3 wherein said porous wire mounting layer is comprised of a cross-linked ethylene vinyl acetate polymer. 6. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 3 wherein said porous wire mounting layer is comprised of a cured polymer. 7. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 3 wherein said encapsulant layer is comprised of poly(vinyl butyral), ionomers, ethylene vinyl acetate, poly(vinyl acetal), polyurethane, poly(vinyl chloride), polyolefin, polyolefin block elastomers, ethylene acrylate ester copolymers, ethylene copolymers, silicone elastomers, chlorosulfonated polyethylene, and combinations thereof. 8. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 1 wherein the melted encapsulant passes through the porous wire mounting layer and adheres to the back-sheet when the encapsulant solidifies. 9. The process of claim 1 wherein the conductive material in the openings of the poloymeric encapsulant layer passes through open pores in the porous wire mounting layer to electrically and physically connect to the electrically conductive wires adhered to the first side of the wire mounting layer. 10. The process of claim 1 wherein columns of openings are formed in the wire mounting layer and such openings are aligned with the openings in the encapsulant layer, and the electrically conductive wires adhered to the first side of the wire mounting layer are each positioned over a column of holes in the wire mounting layer. 11. The process for making a back-contact solar cell module of claim 1 wherein the conductive material in the openings of the poloymeric encapsulant layer passes is selected from solder and conductive adhesive. 12. An conductive wire assembly for a back contact photovoltaic module comprising: a porous wire mounting layer having opposite first and second sides, having a lengthwise direction and a crosswise direction perpendicular to the lengthwise direction, and being comprised of a material having a melting temperature, said porous wire mounting layer being porous throughout; a plurality of elongated electrically conductive wires adhered to the first side of said porous wire mounting layer in the lengthwise direction of said porous wire mounting layer, said plurality of electrically conductive wires not touching each other upon being adhered to said porous wire mounting layer; a polymeric encapsulant layer on the second side of the wire mounting layer, said polymeric encapsulant layer having openings formed therein, said polymeric encapsulant layer having a melting temperature that is lower than the melting temperature of the wire mounting layer material. 13. A back contact solar cell module, comprising: a solar cell array of at least four solar cells each having a front light receiving surface, an active layer that generates an electric current when said front light receiving surface is exposed to light, and a rear surface opposite said front surface, said rear surface having positive and negative polarity electrical contacts thereon, at least two of the solar cells of the solar cell array arranged in a column; a porous wire mounting layer having opposite first and second sides and having a lengthwise direction and a crosswise direction perpendicular to the lengthwise direction, said porous wire mounting layer being porous throughout; a plurality of elongated electrically conductive wires adhered to the first side of said porous wire mounting layer in the lengthwise direction of said porous wire mounting layer, said plurality of electrically conductive wires not touching each other upon being adhered to said porous wire mounting layer, and said plurality of electrically conductive wires extending at least the length of at least two of the solar cells in a column of the solar cell array; a polymeric encapsulant layer disposed between the rear surface of the solar cells and the second side of the wire mounting layer, said polymeric encapsulant layer having openings formed therein that are aligned with an electrical contact of the rear surface of the solar cells; conductive material disposed in the openings of polymeric encapsulant layer, said conductive material physically and electrically connecting said positive and negative polarity electrical contacts on the rear surface of said solar cells to the electrically conductive wires on the porous wire mounting layer; wherein said polymeric encapsulant layer adheres to the rear surface of the solar cells penetrates into pore of the wire mounting layer; and a back-sheet adhered over the plurality of electrically conductive wires and over the first side of said polymeric wire mounting layer. 14. The back-contact solar cell module of claim 13 wherein said wire mounting layer is a glass fiber mesh. 15. The back-contact solar cell module of claim 13 wherein said wire mounting layer is a porous layer comprised of polymeric material having a melting temperature that is higher than the melting temperature of the polymeric encapsulant layer. 16. The back-contact solar cell module of claim 15 wherein said wire mounting layer is a porous mesh comprised of polymeric fibers. 17. The back-contact solar cell module of claim 15 wherein said porous wire mounting layer is comprised of a cured polymer. 18. The back-contact solar cell module of claim 13 wherein the encapsulant layer passes through the porous wire mounting layer and adheres to the back-sheet. 19. The back-contact solar cell module of claim 13 wherein the conductive material in the openings of the poloymeric encapsulant layer passes through open pores in the porous wire mounting layer to electrically and physically connect to the electrically conductive wires adhered to the first side of the wire mounting layer. 20. The back-contact solar cell module of claim 13 wherein the conductive material disposed in the openings of polymeric encapsulant layer is selected from solder and conductive polymer adhesive. 