A lead frame thermoplastic package for a solar cell, and a method of manufacturing the same. The lead frame being either a single-lead frame design or a dual-lead frame design. The single-lead frame design being made up of a single-lead metal frame. The dual-lead frame design being made up of a die pad lead frame, a wire bond lead frame, and being encapsulated in a thermoplastic resin. Optionally, the single lead frame or at least one of the dual-lead frames is coated with a dielectric material. The lead frame providing connections for a semiconductor die, a diode, and the associated electrical connections. The lead frame also providing a large surface area metal pad for cooling, and mounting tabs for securing various optics systems to the package. Optionally, the lead frame is incorporated into a solar cell including the lead frame, a semiconductor die, a diode, an optics system, and an integrated electrical connection system.
Claims 1. A dual-lead frame mounting package for a semiconductor die, comprising: a die-pad lead frame for bonding the semiconductor die, the die-pad lead frame having an exposed base for heat dissipation; a wire bond lead frame having at least one pad for wire bonding electrical interconnections to the semiconductor die; and a thermoplastic molding encapsulating the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame, wherein the dual lead-frame mounting package includes at least one pad for mounting an electrical component and at least one mounting element for mounting an optical structure. 2. The dual-lead frame mounting of claim 1, further comprising a plastic frame disposed between the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame so as to provide electrical isolation between the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame. 3. The dual-lead frame mounting of claim 1, wherein at least one of the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame is coated with a dielectric material. 4. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 3, wherein the dielectric coating includes at least one of a tape based coating, a powder based coating, and an ink based coating. 5. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 1, wherein the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame are coupled via the thermoplastic molding. 6. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 1, wherein the at least one mounting element includes at least one of a recess, a well, and mounting tabs. 7. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 1, wherein the optical structure includes at least one of a lens, a Fresnel lens, a reflector 8. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 1, wherein at least one of the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame includes a detachable carrier strip. 9. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 1, wherein at least one of the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame is plated with a metal. 10. The dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 1, wherein the exposed base for heat dissipation is configured to be mounted to an external heat dissipation system. 11. A single-lead frame mounting package, comprising: a single lead frame having an exposed base for heat dissipation, the single lead frame providing electrical isolation between a first portion of the single lead frame and a second portion of the single lead frame; and a thermoplastic molding encapsulating the single lead frame, wherein the single lead frame includes at least one pad for mounting an electrical component and at least one mounting element for mounting an optical structure. 12. The single-lead frame mounting package of claim 11, wherein the electrical isolation is provided via a debussing process. 13. The single-lead frame mounting package of claim 11, wherein the single lead frame is coated with a dielectric material. 14. The single-lead frame mounting package of claim 13, wherein the dielectric coating includes at least one of a tape based coating, a powder based coating, and an ink based coating. 15. The single-lead frame mounting package of claim 11, wherein the at least one mounting element includes at least one of a recess, a well, and mounting tabs. 16. The single-lead frame mounting package of claim 11, wherein the optical structure includes at least one of a lens, a Fresnel lens, a reflector 17. The single-lead frame mounting package of claim 11, wherein at least one of the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame includes a detachable carrier strip. 18. The single-lead frame mounting package of claim 11, wherein at least one of the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame is plated with a metal. 19. The single-lead frame mounting package of claim 11, wherein the exposed base for heat dissipation is configured to be mounted to an external heat dissipation system. 20. A method for assembling a dual-lead frame mounting package, comprising the steps of: stamping a metal die pad lead frame; stamping a metal wire pad lead frame; plating the metal die pad lead frame; plating the metal wire pad lead frame; coupling the metal die pad lead frame and the metal wire pad lead frame; and encapsulating the coupled metal die pad lead frame and the metal wire pad lead frame in a thermoplastic mold. 21. The method for assembling a dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 20, further comprising the step of coating at least one of the metal die pad lead frame and the metal wire pad lead frame with a dielectric material. 22. The method for assembling a dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 20, further comprising the step of molding a plastic molding onto the metal die pad lead frame. 23. The method for assembling a dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 20, further comprising the step of bending at least one protrusion of the metal die pad lead frame so as to form a vertical tab. 24. The method for assembling a dual-lead frame mounting package of claim 20, further comprising the step of bending at least one protrusion of the metal wire pad lead frame so as to form at least one of a vertical tab and at least one mounting element for an optical structure. 25. A method for assembling a single-lead frame mounting package, comprising the steps of: stamping a single metal lead frame; plating the single metal lead frame; molding a plastic molding onto the single metal lead frame; and debussing the single metal lead frame so as to provide electrical isolation between a first portion of the single metal lead frame and a second portion of the single metal lead frame. 26. A method for assembling a solar cell using a dual-lead frame mounting package, comprising the steps of: stamping a metal die pad lead frame; stamping a metal wire pad lead frame; plating the metal die pad lead frame; plating the metal wire pad lead frame; molding a plastic molding onto the metal die pad lead frame; coupling the metal die pad lead frame and the metal wire pad lead frame to form a dual-lead frame mounting package; attaching a semiconductor die and at least one electrical component to the dual-lead frame mounting package; wire bonding connections to the semiconductor die in the dual-lead frame mounting package; applying a thermal film to the dual-lead frame mounting package; installing an optical structure onto the dual-lead frame mounting package; and encapsulating the dual-lead frame mounting package in a thermoplastic mold. 27. A dual-lead frame mounting package for a semiconductor die, comprising: a die-pad lead frame for bonding the semiconductor die, the die-pad lead frame having a die pad configured to receive the semiconductor die and an exposed base for heat dissipation; a wire bond lead frame having at least one pad for wire bonding electrical interconnections to the semiconductor die, the wire bond lead frame being coupled to the die-pad lead frame, each of the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame having a detachable carrier strip; and a thermoplastic molding encapsulating the die-pad lead frame and the wire bond lead frame, wherein the dual lead-frame mounting package includes at least one pad for mounting an electrical component, at least one mounting element for mounting an optical structure, and at least one mounting element to mount the dual lead frame mounting package onto an assembly. 28. A single-lead frame mounting package, comprising: a single lead frame having an exposed base for heat dissipation, at least one pad configured for wire-bonded connections, a die-pad configured to receive a semiconductor die, and a detachable carrier strip, the single lead frame providing electrical isolation between a first portion of the single lead frame and a second portion of the single lead frame; and a thermoplastic molding encapsulating the single lead frame, wherein the single lead frame includes at least one pad configured to mount an electrical component and one mounting element for mounting an optical structure. 29. A method for assembling a dual-lead frame mounting package, comprising the steps of: coating at least one of a die pad lead frame and a wire bond lead frame with a dielectric material; stamping the metal die pad lead frame; stamping the metal wire pad lead frame; plating the metal die pad lead frame with a die bondable coating; plating the metal wire pad lead frame with a wire bondable coating; arranging the metal die pad lead frame and the metal wire pad lead frame in preparation for molding; and molding a plastic mold onto the arranged metal die pad lead frame and the metal wire pad lead frame. 