A wave energy converter has a shell, a pendulum pivotally positioned in the shell, a magnet thereon, a variable inductor positioned in the shell, a pendulum adjustor for changing a center of gravity of the pendulum, a motion sensor positioned in the shell, a position sensor connected to the pendulum, a rotation sensor connected to the pendulum, and a controller connected to the motion sensor and the position sensor and the rotation sensor. The pendulum has a magnet thereon. The magnet of the pendulum oscillates adjacent the variable inductor. The variable inductor can adjust the inductive capacity.
Claims 1. A wave energy converter comprising: a shell; a pendulum pivotally positioned in said shell, said pendulum having a magnet thereon; a variable inductance means for varying an inductive capacity, said variable inductance means being positioned in said shell, said variable inductance means having at least one wire coil, said magnet of said pendulum oscillating relative to the wire coil; and a pendulum adjusting means operatively connected to said pendulum for changing a center of gravity of said pendulum. 2. The wave energy converter of claim 1, further comprising: a motion sensor positioned in said shell; a position sensor connected to said pendulum; a rotation sensor connected to said pendulum; and a controller connected to said motion sensor and said position sensor and said rotation sensor. 3. The wave energy converter of claim 2, further comprising: a conditioner means for conditioning an electrical energy produced by said variable inductance means, said conditioner means being connected to said variable inductance means. 4. The wave energy converter of claim 2, further comprising: at least one battery connected to said controller and to said motion sensor and to said position sensor and to said rotation sensor and to said pendulum adjusting means; a charger connected to the battery; and a solar panel connected to said charger. 5. The wave energy converter of claim 1, said magnet being an electromagnet. 6. The wave energy converter of claim 1, further comprising: amounting assembly positioned in said shell, said mounting assembly having at least one bearing connected to said pendulum. 7. The wave energy converter of claim 6, said pendulum adjusting means comprising: a motor mounted to said mounting assembly; a cog wheel rotatably connected to said motor; and a plurality of teeth formed on a side of said pendulum, said cog wheel suitable for engaging said plurality of teeth. 8. The wave energy converter of claim 1, said pendulum comprising: an elongate member; a shaft connected to said elongate member, said shaft extending transverse to a longitudinal axis of said elongate member; and a disk positioned on said shaft, said magnet being positioned on said disk. 9. The wave energy converter of claim 1, said pendulum comprising: an elongate member; a linkage pivotally connected to said elongate member; and a rod pivotally connected to said linkage, said magnet being positioned on said rod. 10. The wave energy converter of claim 1, said shell being impermeable to moisture. 11. A wave energy converter comprising: a shell; a pendulum pivotally positioned in said shell, said pendulum having a magnet thereon; a link pivotally connected to said pendulum; an actuator having a piston and cylinder, said piston being pivotally connected to said link; a hydraulic rectifier connected to said actuator; a motor means connected to said hydraulic rectifier, said motor means being driven by a hydraulic fluid pumped by said actuator through said hydraulic rectifier; a generator connected to said motor, said motor means for turning said generator so as to produce electrical energy; and a pendulum adjusting means operatively connected to said pendulum for changing a center of gravity of said pendulum. 12. The wave energy generator of claim 11, said shell being impermeable to moisture. 13. The wave energy generator of claim 12, further comprising: a motion sensor positioned in said shell; a position sensor connected to said pendulum; and a controller means connected to said motion sensor, said controller means activating said pendulum adjusting means upon receiving a signal from said motion sensor and a signal from said position sensor. 14. An apparatus for converting a mechanical energy to an electrical energy comprising: a shell suitable for receiving the mechanical energy; a pendulum pivotally positioned in said shell, said pendulum having a magnet, said shell suitable for transmitting the mechanical energy to said pendulum so as to cause said pendulum to oscillate; a variable inductance means for varying an inductive capacity, said variable inductance means being positioned in said shell, said magnet of said pendulum oscillating adjacent said variable inductance means so as to generate the electrical energy; and a pendulum adjusting means operatively connected to said pendulum for changing a center of gravity of said pendulum. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, further comprising: a motion sensor positioned adjacent said shell; a position sensor connected to said pendulum; a rotation sensor connected to said pendulum; and a controller connected to said motion sensor and said position sensor and said rotation sensor. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, further comprising: a conditioner means for conditioning the electrical energy produced by said variable inductance means, said conditioner means being connected to said variable inductance means; a rod connected to said pendulum along a pivot axis of said pendulum; a brake disk mounted on said rod; and a caliper mounted on said brake disk, said caliper pressing against said brake disk so as to dampen a motion of said disk and said rod and said pendulum. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, further comprising: at least one battery connected to said controller and to said motion sensor and to said position sensor and to said rotation sensor and to said pendulum adjusting means; a charger connected to the battery; and a solar panel connected to said charger. 18. The apparatus of claim 14, said pendulum comprising: an elongate member; a shaft connected to said elongate member, said shaft being positioned perpendicular to a longitudinal axis of said elongate member; and a disk positioned on said shaft, said magnet being positioned on said disk, said disk suitable for oscillating said magnet adjacent said variable inductance means. 19. The apparatus of claim 14, said pendulum comprising: an elongate member; a linkage pivotally connected to said elongate member; and a rod pivotally connected to said linkage, said magnet being positioned on said rod, said rod suitable for oscillating said magnet adjacent said variable inductance means. 20. The apparatus of claim 14, said shell being impermeable to moisture. 