A primary device for a synchronous event system. In one construction, the primary device includes a solar panel operable to convert light into electricity; a receiver operable to receive a global positioning system time signal; a processor coupled to the receiver and operable to process the global positioning system time signal to produce a processed time component; a internal clock coupled to the processor and operable to store the processed time component and to increment relative to the processed time component thereafter to produce an internal time; and a transmitter coupled to the processor and operable to transmit the internal time to a secondary device for wireless reception by the secondary device and synchronization of the secondary device relative to the primary device.
Claims 1. A synchronous event system comprising: a primary device including a solar panel operable to convert light into electricity, a first receiver operable to receive a global positioning system time signal, a first processor coupled to the first receiver and operable to process the global positioning system time signal to produce a processed time component, a first internal clock coupled to the first processor and operable to store the processed time component and to increment relative to the processed time component thereafter to produce a first internal time, and a transmitter coupled to the first processor and operable to transmit the first internal time; and a secondary device including a second receiver operable to wirelessly receive the first internal time, a second processor coupled to the second receiver, and a second internal clock coupled to the second receiver and operable to store the first internal time and to increment relative to the first internal time thereafter to produce a second internal time. 2. The synchronous event system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is further operable to provide at least a portion of the electricity to at least one of the first receiver, the first processor, the first internal clock, and the transmitter. 3. The synchronous event system of claim 1, wherein the primary device further includes at least one power storage device. 4. The synchronous event system of claim 3, wherein the at least one power storage device is operable to be charged by the electricity. 5. The synchronous event system of claim 3, wherein the at least one power storage device is operable to provide power to at least one of the first receiver, the first processor, the first internal clock, and the transmitter. 6. The synchronous event system of claim 1, wherein the first processor is further operable to adjust the time signal based on a time zone adjustment. 7. The synchronous event system of claim 1, wherein the first processor is further operable to adjust the time signal based on a daylight savings time adjustment. 8. The synchronous event system of claim 1, wherein the primary device further includes a memory coupled to the first processor and operable to store a programmed instruction including a time element. 9. The synchronous event system of claim 8, wherein the transmitter is further operable to transmit the programmed instruction. 10. The synchronous event system of claim 9, wherein the second receiver is further configured to receive the programmed instruction. 11. The synchronous event system of claim 10, wherein the secondary device further includes an event switch operable to execute the programmed instruction when the second internal time matches the time element. 12. The synchronous event system of claim 1, wherein the primary device is mounted at an angle of approximately 130 degrees with respect to a horizontal reference line. 13. The synchronous event system of claim 1, wherein the secondary device further includes a display operable to display the second internal time. 14. The synchronous event system of claim 1, wherein the first processor is further operable to determine a processing time and to use the processing time to produce the processed time component. 15. The synchronous event system of claim 1, wherein the first processor is further operable to perform a diagnostic test and to generate at least one test result, and wherein the transmitter is further operable to transmit the at least one test result. 16. The synchronous event system of claim 15, wherein the second receiver is further operable to wirelessly receive the at least one test result. 17. The synchronous event system of claim 15, wherein the primary device further includes a display operable to display the at least one test result. 18. The synchronous event system of claim 15, wherein the secondary device further includes a display operable to display the at least one test result. 19. The synchronous event system of claim 1, wherein the primary device further includes at least one port coupled to the first processor and operable to connect the primary device to an external device. 20. The synchronous event system of claim 1, wherein the secondary device further includes at least one port coupled to the second processor and operable to connect the secondary device to an external device. 21. A primary device for a synchronous event system involving the primary device and at least one secondary device whose operation is at least in part dependent on information transmitted by the primary device, the primary device comprising: a solar panel operable to convert light into electricity; a receiver operable to receive a global positioning system time signal; a processor coupled to the receiver and operable to process the global positioning system time signal to produce a processed time component; an internal clock coupled to the processor and operable to store the processed time component and to increment relative to the processed time component thereafter to produce an internal time; and a transmitter coupled to the processor and operable to transmit the internal time to a secondary device for at least wireless reception by the secondary device and synchronization of the secondary device relative to the primary device. 22. The primary device of claim 21, wherein the solar panel is further operable to provide at least a portion of the electricity to at least one of the receiver, the processor, the internal clock, and the transmitter. 23. The primary device of claim 21, further comprising at least one power storage device. 24. The primary device of claim 23, wherein the at least one power storage device is operable to be charged by the electricity. 25. The primary device of claim 23, wherein the at least one power storage device is operable to provide power to at least one of the receiver, the processor, the internal clock, and the transmitter. 26. The primary device of claim 21, further comprising a mounting bracket. 27. The primary device of claim 26, wherein the mounting bracket is operable to mount the primary device to a substantially grounded element. 28. The primary device of claim 26, wherein the mounting bracket is operable to mount the primary device at an angle of approximately 130 degrees with respect to a horizontal reference line. 29. The primary device of claim 21, further comprising at least one sensor operable to detect at least one environmental condition and to produce a condition signal based on the at least one environmental condition. 30. The primary device of claim 29, wherein the processor is operable to package the internal time and the condition signal in a combined signal. 31. The primary device of claim 29, wherein the transmitter is further operable to transmit the condition signal to the secondary device for at least wireless reception by the secondary device and processing by the secondary device to produce weather information. 32. The primary device of claim 21, wherein the processor is further operable to adjust the global positioning system time signal based on a time zone adjustment. 33. The primary device of claim 21, wherein the processor is further operable to adjust the global positioning system time signal based on a daylight savings time adjustment. 34. The primary device of claim 21, further comprising a memory coupled to the processor and operable to store a programmed instruction including a time element. 35. The primary device of claim 34, wherein the transmitter is further operable to transmit the programmed instruction to the secondary device for at least wireless reception and execution of the programmed instruction by the secondary device. 36. The primary device of claim 21, further comprising a display operable to display the first internal time. 37. A primary device for a synchronous event system involving the primary device and at least one secondary device whose operation is at least in part dependent on information transmitted by the primary device, the primary device comprising: at least one sensor operable to detect at least one environmental condition and to produce a condition signal based on the at least one environmental condition; a receiver operable to receive a global positioning system time signal; a processor coupled to the receiver and operable to process the global positioning system time signal to produce a processed time component; an internal clock coupled to the processor and operable to store the processed time component and to increment relative to the processed time component thereafter to produce an internal time; and a transmitter coupled to the processor and operable to transmit the internal time and the condition signal to a secondary device for at least wireless reception by the secondary device and synchronization of the secondary device relative to the primary device. 38. The primary device of claim 37, further comprising a solar panel operable to convert light to electricity. 39. The primary device of claim 38, wherein the solar panel is further operable to provide at least a portion of the electricity to at least one of the receiver, the processor, the internal clock, and the transmitter. 40. The primary device of claim 38, further comprising at least one power storage device. 41. The primary device of claim 40, wherein the at least one power storage device is operable to be charged by the electricity. 42. The primary device of claim 38, wherein the at least one power storage device is operable to provide power to at least one of the receiver, the processor, the internal clock, and the transmitter. 43. The primary device of claim 37, wherein the processor is further operable to package the first internal time and the condition signal in a combined signal. 44. The primary device of claim 37, wherein the processor is further operable to adjust the global positioning system time signal based on a time zone adjustment. 45. The primary device of claim 37, wherein the processor is further operable to adjust the global positioning system time signal based on a daylight savings time adjustment. 46. The primary device of claim 37, further comprising a memory coupled to the processor and operable to store a programmed instruction including a time element. 47. The primary device of claim 46, wherein the transmitter is further operable to transmit the programmed instruction to the secondary device for at least wireless reception and execution of the programmed instruction by the secondary device. 48. The primary device of claim 37, further comprising a display operable to display the internal time. 49. The primary device of claim 37, wherein the processor is further operable to process the global positioning system time signal to produce a processed location component. 50. The primary device of claim 49, wherein the transmitter is further operable to transmit the processed location component to the secondary device. 51. A secondary device for a synchronous event system involving the secondary device and a primary device, operation of the secondary device being at least in part dependent on synchronization and programming information transmitted by the primary device, the secondary device comprising: a receiver operable to wirelessly receive a first internal time and a condition signal transmitted by the primary event device, the first internal time being derived from a global positioning system time signal; a processor coupled to the receiver and operable to process the condition signal to produce weather information; an output operable to provide at least a portion of the weather information; and a second internal clock coupled to the receiver and operable to store the first internal time and to increment relative to the first internal time thereafter to produce a second internal time. 52. The secondary device of claim 51, wherein the output includes a display operable to display at least a portion of the weather information. 53. The secondary device of claim 51, wherein the output includes a printing device operable to print at least a portion of the weather information. 54. The secondary device of claim 51, wherein the weather information includes a weather forecast. 55. The secondary device of claim 51, wherein the weather information includes a current weather state. 56. The secondary device of claim 51, further comprising a display operable to display the second internal time. 57. The secondary device of claim 51, wherein the processor is further operable to adjust the first internal time based on a time zone adjustment. 58. The secondary device of claim 51, wherein the processor is further operable to adjust the first internal time based on a daylight savings time adjustment. 59. The secondary device of claim 51, wherein the receiver is further operable to wirelessly receive a programmed instruction including a time element transmitted by the primary device. 60. The secondary device of claim 59, further comprising an event switch operable to execute the programmed instruction when the second internal time matches the time element. 61. The secondary device of claim 51, wherein the receiver is further operable to wirelessly receive a processed location component transmitted by the primary device. 62. The secondary device of claim 61, wherein the processor is further operable to process the processed location component to produce the weather information. 63. A method of assembling a synchronous event system for operation, the system comprising a primary device and a secondary device, the primary device having a solar panel for converting light to electricity and a first internal clock, and the secondary device having a second internal clock, the method comprising: positioning the primary device in a first location wherein a first signal including a time component is accessible and wherein light to be converted by the solar panel is accessible; determining a transmitting region surrounding the first location and in which signals transmitted by the primary device can be received; and positioning the secondary device in a second location within the transmitting region. 64. The method of claim 63, wherein the first signal comprises a global positioning system time signal. 65. The method of claim 63, wherein positioning the primary device comprises mounting the primary device to a substantially stationary bracket. 66. The method of claim 65, wherein the primary device is mounted to the bracket at an angle of approximately 320 degrees with respect to a horizontal reference line. 67. A transceiver for a synchronous event system involving a primary device and at least one secondary device whose operation is at least in part dependent on information transmitted by the primary device, the transceiver comprising: a solar panel operable to convert light into electricity; a receiver operable to receive a time signal; a processor coupled to the receiver and operable to process the time signal to produce a processed time component; and a transmitter coupled to the processor and operable to transmit the processed time component to at least one of the secondary device and the primary device for at least wireless reception and synchronization of the secondary device relative to the primary device. 68. The transceiver of claim 67, wherein the time signal includes a global positioning time signal. 69. The transceiver of claim 67, wherein the time signal includes a WWVB signal. 70. The transceiver of claim 67, wherein the transceiver is a component of the primary device. 71. The transceiver of claim 67, wherein the transceiver comprises a repeater. 