A multi-purpose anti-glare divider system for minimizing glare from oncoming traffic on a two-way road. The anti-glare divider system includes at least one light blocking module arranged and constructed to minimize glare from oncoming traffic. An electrical generating system is associated with the light blocking module for generating electrical energy for use by an auxiliary device. A mounting system supports the light blocking module in a desired position relative to the road.
Claims 1. A multi-purpose anti-glare divider system for minimizing glare from oncoming traffic on a two-way road, comprising: a) at least one light blocking module arranged and constructed to minimize glare from oncoming traffic; b) an electrical generating system associated with said light blocking module for generating electrical energy for use by an auxiliary device; and, c) a mounting system for supporting said light blocking module in a desired position relative to said road. 2. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 1, wherein said at least one light blocking module, comprises at least one fixed-type light blocking module, comprising: a) a blade mounting frame assembly; and, b) a plurality of spaced fixed blades mounted in said blade mounting frame assembly, said mounting frame assembly having a longitudinal center line substantially parallel to the direction of the road, said spaced fixed blades being positioned to have their angles oriented from about 60.degree. to about 90.degree. from said center line. 3. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 2, wherein said at least one fixed light blocking module, comprises a plurality of pairs of said fixed light blocking modules, each pair of said fixed light blocking modules comprising a first fixed light blocking module and a second fixed light blocking module rotated 180.degree. therefrom. 4. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 1, wherein said at least one light blocking module, comprises at least one rotatable-type light blocking module, comprising: a) a blade mounting frame assembly; and, b) a plurality of spaced rotatable blades mounted in said blade mounting frame assembly, said spaced rotatable blades being arranged and positioned to minimize glare from oncoming traffic and to rotate in response to movement of air caused by wind and/or passing vehicles. 5. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 4, wherein each rotatable-type light blocking module comprises a rotor assembly comprising a shaft and a plurality of wings, said wings being said rotatable blades, said rotor assembly being supported by said blade mounting frame assembly. 6. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 5, wherein each wing has a concave, expanded c-shape. 7. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 5, wherein said plurality of wings comprises two wings at 180.degree. from each other. 8. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 5, wherein said plurality of wings comprises three wings at 120.degree. from each other. 9. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 5, wherein said plurality of wings comprises four wings at 90.degree. from each other. 10. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 5, wherein said electrical generating unit, comprises: a generator assembly operatively associated with said rotor assembly for converting the rotational energy of said rotor assembly to electrical energy. 11. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 1, further comprising an energy storage system connected to said electrical generating system for storing electrical energy for use by the auxiliary device. 12. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 10 wherein said energy storage system comprises a regulator and rechargeable battery connected to said generator assembly. 13. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 1 wherein said electrical generating system comprises a solar panel assembly mounted on said at least one light blocking module. 14. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 1 wherein said mounting system comprises an upper mounting system for securing said at least one light blocking module at an upper end thereof. 15. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 14 wherein said upper mounting system comprises: a) at least one vertical support element having a lower end secured to the road; b) a horizontal support element secured to said vertical support element for securing an upper portion of said at least one light blocking module. 16. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 15 wherein said horizontal support element is secured to said upper portion of said at least one light blocking module via a top mounting device. 17. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 1 wherein a lower portion of said at least one light blocking module is secured to a concrete barrier via a bottom mounting device. 18. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 1 wherein a lower portion of said at least one light blocking module is secured to the road via a plurality of pedestal assemblies, each being securely connected to the road. 19. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 18 wherein said lower portion of said at least one light blocking module is secured to a respective pedestal assembly via a bottom mounting device. 20. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 1 wherein at least one light blocking module comprises a plurality of light blocking modules. 21. The multi-purpose anti-glare divider system of claim 1, further comprising an energy storage system connected to said electrical generating system for storing electrical energy for use by the auxiliary device. 22. A fixed-type light blocking module for use with a multi-purpose anti-glare divider system, comprising: a) a blade mounting frame assembly; and, b) a plurality of spaced fixed blades mounted in said blade mounting frame assembly, said mounting frame assembly having a longitudinal center line substantially parallel to the direction of the road, said spaced fixed blades being positioned to have their angles oriented from about 60.degree. to about 90.degree. from said center line. 23. A rotatable-type light blocking module, for use with a multi-purpose anti-glare divider system, comprising: a) a blade mounting frame assembly; and, b) a plurality of spaced rotatable blades mounted in said blade mounting frame assembly, said spaced rotatable blades being arranged and positioned to minimize glare from oncoming traffic and to rotate in response to movement of air caused by wind and/or passing vehicles. 24. An anti-glare safety divider frame mounted and anchored onto a road barrier is comprised of: 1) two intersecting bars; 2) two vertical rods connected to said two intersecting bars; 3) a blade module including a blade frame, which is equipped with various kinds of blades; 4) a plurality of extends extended from the blade frame; and 5) bolts and nuts for fixing the blade module onto the intersecting bars wherein said blades are spaced approximately the same width of blade in order to have a means to gradually change angles from 60 to 90 degrees depending on the transactional lines of the road. 25. An anti-glare safety divider frame mounted and anchored onto a road barrier is comprised of: 1) two intersecting bars; 2) two vertical rods connected to said two intersecting bars; 3) a blade module including a blade frame, which is equipped with various kinds of blades; 4) a plurality of extends extended from the blade frame; and 5) bolts and nuts for fixing the blade module onto the intersecting bars wherein said blades are rotating blades having a plurality of wings per blade. 