The system provides an n-s rail bracket that both supports a plurality of solar panels structurally, provides view-guards to hide electrical components, and a water conduit to channel water shed from the solar panel to a desired collection point provided by the structure. As such, the system includes an n-s structural rail consisting of a bottom wall and two vertically extending sidewalls. An intermediate horizontal member extends between the two sidewalls at or near their midpoint to form a compartment between the intermediate horizontal member, a lower portion of the left sidewall, the bottom wall, and a lower portion of the right side wall. Also, the intermediate horizontal member cooperates with an upper portion of the left side wall and an upper portion of the right sidewall to form a U-shaped channel. Each distal end of the respective left and right side wall includes a T-shaped shoulder for supporting the solar module.
Claims 1. A system comprising: at least one rail body comprising a bottom flange, a first upright member extending from a first end of the bottom flange, a second upright member extending from a second end of the bottom flange, an intermediate horizontal member extending between and linking the first and second upright, a first top flange disposed on a top end of the first upright, and a second top flange disposed on a top end of the second upright whereby a portion of the first upright, the horizontal member, and the second upright form a u-shaped channel. 2. The at least one rail body of claim 1 further comprising: a first bottom mounting rail extending downwards from the bottom flange, the first bottom mounting rail having two oppositely spaced upturned ends; a second bottom mounting rail extending downwards from the bottom flange, the second bottom mounting rail having two oppositely spaced upturned ends; a bottom rail receiving slot arranged intermediate to the first and second bottom mounting rails; and the first and second upright members further including a vertical slot disposed at an intermediate position between the bottom flange and the corresponding first or second top flange. 3. The rail body of claim 1 wherein the first and second top flanges each, respectively, further comprise: a T-shaped horizontal arm having a top surface, the T-shaped horizontal arm disposed at a distal end of the associated upright member and further having an inward extending shoulder terminating in downward pointing finger, the finger, inward extending shoulder and distal end of the associated upright member defining a first inward notch, and the T-shaped horizontal arm further having an outward extending shoulder having a downward extending arm and an inward extending finger, the downward extending arm, inward extending finger, outward extending shoulder, and distal end of the associated upright member defining a first outward L-shaped notch. 4. The rail body of claim 1 wherein: the intermediate horizontal member, a lower portion of the first upright member, the bottom flange, and a lower portion of the second upright member define a frame channel. 5. The rail body of claim 1 further comprising: a bolt adapted to selectively and slideably engage the bottom rail receiving slot. 6. The rail body of claim 3 further comprising: a strut nut adapted to selectively engage each respective inward notch defined by the first and second upper flange. 7. The rail body of claim 3 further comprising: an east-west gutter disposed on the first top flange, the east-west gutter further comprising a lower drip flange extending over a portion of the top flange inward shoulder. 8. The rail body of claim 1 further comprising: a north-south view-guard flange selectively coupled to the first upright member, the north-south view-guard flange further including a lower foot adapted to engage an outward upturned end of the first bottom mounting rail, and the north-south view-guard flange further having a hole aligned with the vertical slot on the first upright member whereby a fastener inserted in the vertical slot selectively couples the view-guard flange to the frame body. 9. A system for mounting solar panel modules to a structure, the system further adapted to shed water from the panel modules and carry the water in both a north-south and east-west direction, the system further cooperating with a water shedding feature provided by the structure, the system comprising: at least one north-south rail body comprising a U-shaped body having a first upright member extending from a first end of a bottom flange, a second upright member extending from a second end of the bottom flange, an intermediate horizontal member extending between and linking the first and second upright, a first top flange disposed on a top end of the first upright, and a second top flange disposed on a top end of the second upright whereby a portion of the first upright, the horizontal member, and the second upright form a u-shaped channel; and at least one east-west gutter disposed on a portion of the first top flange, the east-west gutter further comprising a lower drip flange extending over a portion of the top flange. 10. The system of claim 9 further comprising: a keyed nut adapted to selectively engage each respective top flange; a clip contacting a portion of a top surface of the solar module; and a fastener selectively connecting the clip to the keyed nut whereby a portion of the solar panel overlaps the u-shaped channel. 11. The system of claim 9 wherein: the rail body further comprises a first bottom mounting slot arranged on a bottom face of the bottom flange; a second bottom mounting slot arranged on a bottom face of the bottom flange, wherein at least the first bottom mounting slot cooperates with a fastener to couple the rail body to the structure. 12. The system of claim 9 further comprising: at least one north-south view-guard flange selectively coupled to the first upright member, the north-south view-guard flange further including a lower foot adapted to engage an outward upturned end protruding from the first upright member. 13. The system of claim 12 further comprising: at least one north-south view guard attachment clip adapted to couple to a mounting slot arranged on the first upright member using a fastener, the attachment clip having an inward turning flange adapted to couple to an outward turning upper end of the view guard. 14. The system of claim 9 further comprising: a slotted top cap having a T-shaped body, the slotted top cap adapted to arrange between abutting solar panels, the top cap arranging the T-portion of its body on top of the abutting solar panels so to bridge any gap between the solar panels, the slotted top cap further cooperating with a bottom plate to fix the T-shaped body in place relative to the abutting solar panels. 15. A method for mounting solar modules to a structure, the method comprising: providing at least one rail body comprising a rail body comprising a bottom flange, a first upright member extending from a first end of the bottom flange, a second upright member extending from a second end of the bottom flange, an intermediate horizontal member extending between and linking the first and second upright, a first top flange disposed on a top end of the first upright, and a second top flange disposed on a top end of the second upright whereby a portion of the first upright, the horizontal member, and the second upright form a u-shaped channel; and the first and second upright members further including a vertical slot disposed at an intermediate position between the bottom flange and the corresponding first or second top flange; arranging at least one rail body on the structure in a first orientation; and coupling at least one solar module to the mounting rail. 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising: arranging at least one rail body in a first orientation whereby water sheds from the solar panel into the u-shaped channel; and coupling the rail body to an existing water shedding feature provided by the structure. 17. The method of claim 15 further comprising: providing an east-west gutter; arranging the east-west gutter in a second orientation generally perpendicular to the first orientation; coupling the east-west gutter to the first top flange of the rail body whereby water shed from the solar module drains in the second orientation to the gutter and that water is channeled to the u-shaped channel. 