The system and method for an apparatus to generate electricity by utilization of solar energy. This system uses a solar lens powered steam turbine and supporting devices for tapping the energy of sun. An insulated container having boiling water inside and convex-lenses mounted on the cover emits steam through a pointed jet to drive turbine blades. Over the greater solar catchment's area in the space around the container, larger convex lenses gather solar energy and beam the focused light to comparatively smaller convex lenses mounted on the container. There can be various levels of lens placement. These lenses act as energy amplifiers and send sharp light energy beams to super-heat water inside the container. The steam so generated passes through a directed tube and is fed to the jet nozzle that releases it at a significant velocity to impact the turbine blades. A motor generator coupled to the turbine rotor shaft produces electricity to charge batteries, run appliances, heat or cool homes or offices as required, and feed extra power to the community grid. The steam, upon utilization and condensation is recycled, while still as very hot water, to the container. Thus, the only external ingredient required to power this turbine is direct sunlight. This turbine, if build on a small scale, can be used as a supplementary power source to solar panels in a roof-mounted arrangement. A larger implementation can use n-tier convex lenses, with steam chamber mounted on a flat bed. Larger turbines can be placed anywhere, including offshore platforms, to tap large catchments area using multi-layered hierarchy of convex lenses.
Claims 1. A system for power generation using a solar lens turbine and supporting devices for tapping the solar energy, suitable for rooftop or flat bed mounting, and associated methods. 2. The method in accordance with claim 1, where in the said solar turbine system comprises of a steam generation chamber with water return, turbine, turbine enclosure, convex lenses at various tier levels, hot water collection and return mechanism, and supporting arrangements, and devices. 3. The method in accordance with claim 2, wherein the said steam generation chamber with hot water collection and return is fitted with multi-way emergency steam release fuse valves, and is mounted with convex lenses, and is fitted with a steam release tube that terminates to a jet suitable for releasing steam to impact the turbine. 4. The method in accordance with claim 2, the turbine has a mechanism of blades attached to a shaft, suitably supported for rotation upon impact of steam in an enclosed cover. 5. The method in accordance with claim 2, the small convex lenses (level 1) on the steam generation chamber with hot water collection and return can be mounted in either fixed or auto-adjust configurations, depending on size and requirement. The auto-adjust mounting configuration is suitable for synchronized operation with larger (level 2) photo-adjustable lenses mounted on AGVs (Automated Guided Vehicles) or by other arrangement along roof periphery or other mounting locations. 6. The method in accordance with claim 5, an alternative to auto-adjust lens arrangement is a steam generation chamber with hot water collection and return mounted on a pivot (rotate-able pedestal) that is system-synchronized to adjust its position with reference to level 2 and higher-level convex lenses in a manner that optimizes the collection of solar heat. 7. The method in accordance with claim 4, the enclosed cover facilitates collection of hot water after steam impact on the turbine, and its return to the steam generation chamber. 8. The method in accordance with claim 7, the hot water return is governed by level sensors mounted in the steam chamber and the water collection and return chamber, and is managed through a non-return valve that allows only a one-way regulated flow to prevent back-flow of hot water from steam chamber to the enclosure's water collection and return chamber. The excess hot water is held in a collection bin. 9. The method in accordance with claim 2, wherein the level 2 convex lenses can be mounted along periphery of the roof or on other suitable support structure. In case of roof periphery mounting, the lens mounts can slide on a rail, and their motion controlled by AGVs (Automated Guided Vehicles) that are synchronized to operate in a manner that optimizes lens placement to tap maximum possible solar heat. 10. The method in accordance with claim 9, there can be multiple tiers of convex lens mounting, depending on scale and suitability of the infrastructure. In case of multi-tier convex lens mounting, the level 3 convex lenses can be mounted on structures around the roof on which turbine is mounted. These level 3 lenses will have suitable placement and movement such that their motion and angles are synchronized with that of corresponding lower level lenses on a one on one basis. This synchronization is important to gain maximized tapping of solar heat. If there are more than three tiers of convex lenses, the higher tier lenses can be mounted on vehicles floating in space, tethered balloons, or other supported structures, and the movement of lower tier lenses synchronized to match their motion. 11. The method in accordance with claim 2, there can be one or more steam release tube/jets and turbines associated with the same steam generation chamber. The number and size of turbines and their power generation capacities would depend on the capacity of chamber to supply adequate, uninterrupted level of steam, and the available solar energy. 12. The method in accordance with claim 2, the level 2 convex lens frame and mounting arrangement in a multi-tier arrangement can consist of a fixed frame with rubber seals and vertical mounting hinges or any other suitable arrangement to facilitate the shift while withstanding the wind pressure to avoid infrastructure damage. This frame can be supported on the AGV that moves on a sliding rail. 13. The method in accordance with claim 2, the slide rail on roof periphery can be installed in multiple levels, as suitable to the conditions of specific roof arrangement. 14. The method in accordance with claim 2, solar panels can be mounted on the roof to augment the tapping of solar energy. 15. The method in accordance with claim 2, the entire arrangement of steam generation chamber (optionally pivot mounted or on flat bed), various tiers of convex lenses, and AGVs, works in unison. This synchronization between various sub-systems is managed by a processor that monitors the sun direction, guides the AGVs, tilts and rotates the steam generation chamber for optimal performance of the system. 16. The method in accordance with claim 2, the steam pressure, temperature, and hot water level are continually monitored by means of sensors installed in the steam generation chamber. These sensor inputs are fed to a processor that ensures safety, and generates alerts for any abnormal situations. 17. The method in accordance with claim 4, the steam turbine is coupled to a power generator. The power generator produces electricity at a suitable voltage level for use as generated, through a rectifier, as applicable. This electricity can be used to power appliances, supplement existing power supply, as suitable to requirements. If in excess of the local need, surplus power can be fed to the grid. 