A light wing device for mounting on a window in order to provide light reflection has been disclosed. The light wing device generally has a light wing, a mounting mechanism, and the light wing is configured to rotate away from the application of force to the light wing. This rotating light wing prevents premature breakage of the light wing from force encountering the light wing.
Claims 1. A light wing device for reflecting light for a window of a building, wherein said light wing device comprises: a light wing configured for reflecting light, wherein said light wing comprises a pivot axis configured such that said light wing is configured to rotate on said pivot axis, wherein said light wing comprises a first side and a second side, wherein said pivot axis is positioned and configured such that said light wing is configured to rotate on said pivot axis in a first direction toward said first side of said light wing and configured to rotate in a generally opposite second direction to said first direction toward said second side of said light wing; a mounting mechanism configured for attachment to said light wing and configured for mounting said light wing in association with said window, wherein said mounting mechanism is configured such that said light wing is configured to rotate on said pivot axis when mounted with said mounting mechanism in association with said window; and wherein said light wing is configured to be mounted in association with said window in a general first position, wherein in said first position said light wing is configured to provide light reflection, wherein said light wing is configured such that when a force is applied generally to said first side of said light wing or said second side of said light wing when said light wing is in said first position said light wing rotates generally away from said force to prevent said light wing from breaking from said application of force, wherein said light wing is configured to be biased to rotate back toward said first position when said force is reduced. 2. The light wing device of claim 1 wherein said light wing device is mounted on a building with said light wing being in said first position in which said light wing is generally configured to provide shade from light and to provide indirect lighting to said window by reflecting at least a portion of said light into said window. 3. The light wing device of claim 1 wherein said light wing comprises a biasing mechanism for biasing said light wing from a position toward said second position or a position toward said third position back toward said first position when said application of force is reduced. 4. The light wing device of claim 3 wherein said biasing mechanism comprises at least one biasing spring positioned and configured to provide at least a first and a second stop point for said rotation of said light wing, wherein said first stop point of light wing rotation is generally located toward said second position, wherein said first stop point is configured to prevent said light wing from rotating past said first stop point, wherein said second stop point is generally located toward said third position, wherein said second stop point is configured to prevent said light wing from rotating past said third position, wherein said biasing spring allows said light wing to rotate generally toward said second position or generally toward said third position when a force is applied to said light wing, wherein said biasing spring biases said light wing back toward said first position when said force is reduced. 5. The light wing device of claim 4 wherein said light wing is attached to said mounting mechanism generally at said pivot axis, wherein said at least one of said biasing springs is attached to said pivot axis and attached to said mounting mechanism such that said biasing spring controls said rotation of said light wing relative to said mounting mechanism. 6. The light wing device of claim 3 wherein said light wing comprises a first section and a second section, wherein said first section and said second section are separated by said pivot axis, wherein said biasing mechanism comprises a weight system configured such that said first section and said second section are weighted such that said light wing is configured to return generally back to said first position when moved toward said second position or said third position. 7. The light wing device of claim 1 wherein said light wing device comprises an adjustment mechanism configured for varying said first position of said light wing. 8. The light wing device of claim 7 wherein said adjustment mechanism comprises at least one of a mechanically driven mechanism or a motor driven mechanism. 9. The light wing device of claim 7 wherein said adjustment mechanism comprises a mechanism operated by a person or an automated adjustment mechanism. 10. The light wing device of claim 9 wherein said automated adjustment mechanism is configured to respond to environmental factors. 11. The light wing device of claim 1 wherein a plurality of light wing devices are mounted on a window to provide light reflection. 12. The light wing device of claim 1 wherein at least one light wing device is mounted vertically on a window to provide light reflection. 13. The light wing device of claim 1 wherein said light wing comprises at least one solar energy converter positioned on said light wing to collect solar energy. 14. The light wing device of claim 1 wherein said light wing comprises a sheet having a first section and a second section, wherein said first section and said second section are separated by said axis of rotation, wherein said first section comprises a light reflecting section having a mass, wherein said second section comprises a mass, wherein said mass of said first section and said mass of said second section are configured such that said light wing is counter balanced such that when said light wing swings away from said first position in reaction to said force said light wing is biased to swing back toward said first position. 15. A light wing device for reflecting light for a window of a building, wherein said light wing device comprises: a light wing configured for reflecting light, wherein said light wing comprises a pivot axis positioned such that said light wing is configured to rotate on said pivot axis, wherein said light wing comprises a first side and a second side, wherein said pivot axis is positioned and configured such that said light wing is configured to rotate on said pivot axis in a first direction toward said first side of said light wing and configured to rotate in a generally opposite second direction to said first direction toward said second side of said light wing; a mounting mechanism configured for attachment to said light wing and configured for mounting said light wing in association with said window, wherein said mounting mechanism is configured such that said light wing is configured to rotate on said pivot axis when mounted with said mounting mechanism in association with said window, wherein said light wing is configured to be mounted in association with said window in a general first position, wherein in said first position said light wing is configured to provide light reflection, wherein said light wing is configured such that when a force is applied generally to said first side of said light wing or said second side of said light wing when said light wing is in said first position said light wing rotates generally away from said force to prevent said light wing from breaking from said application of force, wherein said light wing is configured to be biased to rotate back toward said first position when said force is reduced; and an adjustment mechanism configured for varying said first position of said light wing. 16. The light wing device of claim 15 wherein said light wing comprises a biasing mechanism for biasing said light wing from a position toward said second position or a position toward said third position back toward said first position when said application of force is reduced. 17. The light wing device of claim 16 wherein said biasing mechanism comprises at least one biasing spring positioned and configured to provide at least a first and a second stop point for said rotation of said light wing, wherein said first stop point of light wing rotation is generally located toward said second position, wherein said first stop point is configured to prevent said light wing from rotating past said first stop point, wherein said second stop point is generally located toward said third position, wherein said second stop point is configured to prevent said light wing from rotating past said third position, wherein said biasing spring allows said light wing to rotate generally toward said second position or generally toward said third position when a force is applied to said light wing, wherein said biasing spring biases said light wing back toward said first position when said force is reduced. 18. The light wing device of claim 17 wherein said light wing is attached to said mounting mechanism generally at said pivot axis, wherein said at least one of said biasing springs is attached to said pivot axis and attached to said mounting mechanism such that said biasing spring controls said rotation of said light wing relative to said mounting mechanism. 19. The light wing device of claim 1 wherein said light wing comprises at least one solar energy converter positioned on said light wing to collect solar energy. 20. A light wing device for reflecting light for a window of a building, wherein said light wing device comprises: a light wing configured for reflecting light, wherein said light wing comprises a pivot axis positioned such that said light wing is configured to rotate on said pivot axis, wherein said light wing comprises a first side and a second side, wherein said pivot axis is positioned and configured such that said light wing is configured to rotate on said pivot axis in a first direction toward said first side of said light wing and configured to rotate in a generally opposite second direction to said first direction toward said second side of said light wing; a mounting mechanism configured for attachment to said light wing and configured for mounting said light wing in association with said window, wherein said mounting mechanism is configured such that said light wing is configured to rotate on said pivot axis when mounted with said mounting mechanism in association with said window, wherein said light wing is configured to be mounted in association with said window in a general first position, wherein in said first position said light wing is configured to light reflection, wherein said light wing is configured such that when a force is applied generally to said first side of said light wing or said second side of said light wing when said light wing is in said first position said light wing rotates generally away from said force to prevent said light wing from breaking from said application of force, wherein said light wing is configured to be biased to rotate back toward said first position when said force is reduced; an adjustment mechanism configured for varying said first position of said light wing; and a biasing mechanism for biasing said light wing from a position toward said second position or a position toward said third position back toward said first position when said application of force is reduced. 