Methods, apparatus, and systems relating to the use and design of specially shaped, rotating reflective louvers to provide cost effectively harvesting of electricity, heat, and/or lighting are described. In an embodiment, the reflected and concentrated direct light is focused on the neighboring louver photovoltaic cells to generate electricity and an integral cooling channel allows heat collection. A skylight embodiment permits the indirect light to pass between the louvers and through a transparent backing providing high quality natural light inside while allowing artificial lights to be dimmed or turned off saving energy. In some embodiments, control systems (that may be computer controlled) can modulate the louver position to improve the light transmitted into the building when appropriate to maximize the net energy saved or generated depending on the situation. Moreover, the devices can be retrofitted into existing buildings or integrated into new building construction. Other embodiments are also disclosed.
Claims 1. A louver comprising: a surface to receive solar cells on a first side of the louver; and a fluid conduit in thermal contact with the surface, the fluid conduit to comprise fluid entry and exit ends that also serve as pivots for the louver to revolve around a long axis of the louver, wherein a neighboring louver having a side facing the first side of the louver is to comprise a concave reflective curvature to focus light onto the solar cells. 2. The louver of claim 1, wherein a second side, opposite the first side of the louver, is to comprise a concave reflective curvature to focus light onto solar cells of another neighboring louver. 3. The louver of claim 3, wherein the concave reflective curvature is parabolic. 4. The louver of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of features to provide assembly or mounting indexes, or encapsulation and sealing features for the solar cells. 5. The louver of claim 1, wherein the louver is constructed primarily of aluminum 6. The louver of claim 5, wherein the surface and the conduit are constructed from a single piece of extruded aluminum. 7. The louver of claim 1, wherein the concave curvature is parabolic. 8. The louver of claim 1, wherein at least one end of the solar cells is to be coupled to one or more bypass diodes. 9. The louver of claim 1, wherein the fluid conduit extends beyond one end of the surface to form a first pivot section and extends beyond another end of the surface to form a second pivot section. 10. The louver of claim 9, wherein the first and second pivot sections are coupled to o-ring seals. 11. The louver of claim 10, wherein each pivot section comprises 2 o-rings that provide a liquid seal and that act as a rotation bearing. 12. The louver of claim 1, further comprising a stepper motor actuator attached to at least one end of the louver to pivot the louver and the neighboring louver. 13. The louver of claim 1, wherein the solar cells are coupled to the surface via an electrically non-conductive, thermally conductive adhesive. 14. The louver of claim 13, wherein the adhesive is to comprise as thermally conductive epoxy. 15. An apparatus comprising: a converter comprising a plurality of louvers coupled parallel along a long axis; and a converter cover having a front light transmissive cover and a rear cover, wherein the converter cover is to generate a volume between the front and rear covers in which the plurality of parallel louvers reside and wherein at least one of the louvers is to comprise: a surface to receive solar cells on a first side of the louver; and a fluid conduit, in thermal contact with the surface and parallel to the long axis, to extract heat from the louver, wherein a neighboring louver having a side facing the first side of the at least one louver is to comprise a concave reflective curvature to focus light onto the solar cells. 16. The apparatus of claim 16, further comprising a stepper motor to cause an adjustment to a position of the at least one louver and the neighboring louver. 17. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the surface is substantially flat. 18. A system comprising: a controller coupled to a plurality of louvers to adjust a position of the plurality of louvers; a storage device to store data corresponding to sun angle for a given time, wherein the controller is to cause adjustment to the position of the plurality of louvers based on the stored data and wherein the plurality of louvers are to comprise: a first louver having a side that faces a first side of a second louver, the side of the first louver to comprise a concave reflective curvature to focus light onto solar cells coupled to the first side of the second louver; and the second louver to comprise a fluid conduit in thermal contact with the solar cells. 19. The system of claim 18, further comprising a stepper motor coupled to the controller and the plurality of louvers, wherein the stepper motor is to cause adjustment in the position of the plurality of louvers. 20. The system of claim 18, wherein the controller is to comprise a processor to process the stored data. 