An improved highway barricade light, with increased visibility and operational life span that can be installed on a common traffic channelizer, without preventing the stacking of the channelizer. A base with hand-hold features is attached to the top of a traffic channelizer. The base holds a rechargeable power supply, control circuitry, switch, solar cell and a photoresistor. A reflector ring attaches to the base and holds an array of light emitting diodes (LED) circumferentially around the device. The LED's can be controlled to create a variety of flashing patterns to direct motorists, including, but not limited to, constant burn, flashing, clockwise, counter-clockwise, upward, downward and random. A transparent or translucent cover attaches to the base to protect the components, and may be flat, conical or dome shaped.
Claims 1. A directional highway buoy for providing motorists warning indications and information while approaching and driving through construction zones, comprising: means for positioning and mounting the device to the top of a common traffic channelizer and provide hand-holds for lifting the traffic channelizer; means for retaining the device to a common traffic channelizer; means for accepting power from a solar cell, battery and photoresistor, controlling the recharging of a battery and the operational cycle, flash rate and sequence of a plurality of light emitting diodes, rigidly secured to said means for positioning and mounting the device to the top of a common traffic channelizer and provide hand-holds for lifting the traffic channelizer; means for the detection of darkness, functionally connected to said means for accepting power from a solar cell, battery and photoresistor, controlling the recharging of a battery and the operational cycle, flash rate and sequence of a plurality of light emitting diodes; means for selecting the operational mode for the device, functionally connected to said means for accepting power from a solar cell, battery and photoresistor, controlling the recharging of a battery and the operational cycle, flash rate and sequence of a plurality of light emitting diodes; means for providing power to light emitting diodes, functionally connected to said means for accepting power from a solar cell, battery and photoresistor, controlling the recharging of a battery and the operational cycle, flash rate and sequence of a plurality of light emitting diodes, and generally supported to said means for positioning and mounting the device to the top of a common traffic channelizer and provide hand-holds for lifting the traffic channelizer; means for retaining and arranging a plurality of light emitting diodes around the device in a radial arrangement while providing a means to reflect and focus light in an outward direction, coaxially fitted to said means for positioning and mounting the device to the top of a common traffic channelizer and provide hand-holds for lifting the traffic channelizer; means for retaining and arranging a plurality of light emitting diodes in a vertical pattern, circumferentially retained to said means for retaining and arranging a plurality of light emitting diodes around the device in a radial arrangement while providing a means to reflect and focus light in an outward direction; means for producing visible light, securely mounted to said means for retaining and arranging a plurality of light emitting diodes in a vertical pattern, and functionally connected to said means for accepting power from a solar cell, battery and photoresistor, controlling the recharging of a battery and the operational cycle, flash rate and sequence of a plurality of light emitting diodes; means for producing electricity to power light emitting diodes and recharging a battery, functionally connected to said means for accepting power from a solar cell, battery and photoresistor, controlling the recharging of a battery and the operational cycle, flash rate and sequence of a plurality of light emitting diodes, and generally supported to said means for positioning and mounting the device to the top of a common traffic channelizer and provide hand-holds for lifting the traffic channelizer; means for protecting internal components from the environment or vandalizim, firmly fastened to said means for positioning and mounting the device to the top of a common traffic channelizer and provide hand-holds for lifting the traffic channelizer; and means for retaining a cover to a base. 2. The directional highway buoy in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for positioning and mounting the device to the top of a common traffic channelizer and provide hand-holds for lifting the traffic channelizer comprises a circular base. 3. The directional highway buoy in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for retaining the device to a common traffic channelizer comprises a substantially long, threaded fastener. 4. The directional highway buoy in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for accepting power from a solar cell, battery and photoresistor, controlling the recharging of a battery and the operational cycle, flash rate and sequence of a plurality of light emitting diodes comprises a printed circuit board controller. 5. The directional highway buoy in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for the detection of darkness comprises a photoresistor. 6. The directional highway buoy in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for selecting the operational mode for the device comprises a multi-position selector switch. 7. The directional highway buoy in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for providing power to light emitting diodes comprises a rechargable battery. 8. The directional highway buoy in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for retaining and arranging a plurality of light emitting diodes around the device in a radial arrangement while providing a means to reflect and focus light in an outward direction comprises a circular reflector ring. 9. The directional highway buoy in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for retaining and arranging a plurality of light emitting diodes in a vertical pattern comprises an LED retainer. 10. The directional highway buoy in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for producing visible light comprises a light emitting diode. 11. The directional highway buoy in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for producing electricity to power light emitting diodes and recharging a battery comprises a solar cell. 12. The directional highway buoy in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for protecting internal components from the environment or vandalizim comprises a translucent or transparent cover. 13. The directional highway buoy in accordance with claim 1, wherein said means for retaining a cover to a base comprises a screw. 14. A directional highway buoy for providing motorists warning indications and information while approaching and driving through construction zones, comprising: a circular base, for positioning and mounting the device to the top of a common traffic channelizer and provide hand-holds for lifting the traffic channelizer; a substantially long, threaded fastener, for retaining the device to a common traffic channelizer; a printed circuit board controller, for accepting power from a solar cell, battery and photoresistor, controlling the recharging of a battery and the operational cycle, flash rate and sequence of a plurality of light emitting diodes, rigidly secured to said base; a photoresistor, for the detection of darkness, functionally connected to said controller; a multi-position selector switch, for selecting the operational mode for the device, functionally connected to said controller; a rechargable battery, for providing power to light emitting diodes, functionally connected to said controller, and generally supported to said base; a circular reflector ring, for retaining and arranging a plurality of light emitting diodes around the device in a radial arrangement while providing a means to reflect and focus light in an outward direction, coaxially fitted to said base; an LED retainer, for retaining and arranging a plurality of light emitting diodes in a vertical pattern, circumferentially retained to said reflector ring; a light emitting diode, for producing visible light, securely mounted to said LED retainer, and functionally connected to said controller; a solar cell, for producing electricity to power light emitting diodes and recharging a battery, functionally connected to said controller, and generally supported to said base; a translucent or transparent cover, for protecting internal components from the environment or vandalizim, firmly fastened to said base; and a screw, for retaining a cover to a base. 15. The directional highway buoy as recited in claim 14, wherein said reflector ring has characteristics selected from the following group: contains a plurality of dish or conical surfaces, and mirrored and/or reflectorized surface finish. 16. The directional highway buoy as recited in claim 14, wherein said LED retainer is printed circuit board. 17. The directional highway buoy as recited in claim 14, wherein said cover is flat, domed or conical. 18. The directional highway buoy as recited in claim 14, wherein said screw is tamper-resistant. 19. A directional highway buoy for providing motorists warning indications and information while approaching and driving through construction zones, comprising: a circular base, for positioning and mounting the device to the top of a common traffic channelizer and provide hand-holds for lifting the traffic channelizer; a substantially long, threaded fastener, for retaining the device to a common traffic channelizer; a printed circuit board controller, for accepting power from a solar cell, battery and photoresistor, controlling the recharging of a battery and the operational cycle, flash rate and sequence of a plurality of light emitting diodes, rigidly secured to said base; a photoresistor, for the detection of darkness, functionally connected to said controller; a multi-position selector switch, for selecting the operational mode for the device, functionally connected to said controller; a rechargable battery, for providing power to light emitting diodes, functionally connected to said controller, and generally supported to said base; a circular, contains a plurality of dish or conical surfaces, mirrored and/or reflectorized surface finish reflector ring, for retaining and arranging a plurality of light emitting diodes around the device in a radial arrangement while providing a means to reflect and focus light in an outward direction, coaxially fitted to said base; a printed circuit board LED retainer, for retaining and arranging a plurality of light emitting diodes in a vertical pattern, circumferentially retained to said reflector ring; a light emitting diode, for producing visible light, securely mounted to said LED retainer, and functionally connected to said controller; a solar cell, for producing electricity to power light emitting diodes and recharging a battery, functionally connected to said controller, and generally supported to said base; a translucent or transparent, flat, domed or conical cover, for protecting internal components from the environment or vandalizim, firmly fastened to said base; and a tamper-resistant screw, for retaining a cover to a base. 