Holder for plates, in particular glass plates with borings or holes, whereby in each boring is inserted an annular body with an internal or female thread and an outside facing made of an elastic material. A threaded bolt for the connection to a load-bearing construction can be screwed into the annular body. The punctiform holder makes possible a pivoting and displacement of the glass plate within certain limits. It can be installed quickly and easily.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Fastening device for fastening glass plates (1) to a building-side mounting, whereby the glass plates (1) have borings (2) all the way through, characterized by the fact that inserted in each boring there is at least one metal annular body (3) with an internal or female thread (3b) and an outside facing (4) made of an elastic material positively and non-positively connected with the annular body (3), and a threaded pin (6) for the connection to a load-bearing construction can be screwed into the annular body (3). 2. Fastening device as claimed in claim 1, characterized by the fact that a nut (7, 15) that is engaged beyond the boring (2) is screwed onto the threaded bolt (2). 3. Fastening device as claimed in claim 1, characterized by the fact that a projection (3a) that is embedded in the facing (4) is realized on the annular body (3). 4. Fastening device as claimed in one of the claims 1 and 3, characterized by the fact that an oval ring-shaped projection (3a) is realized on the annular body (3). 5. Fastening device as claimed in claim 4, characterized by the fact that the projection (3a) is asymmetrical with reference to a radial plane (5). 6. Fastening device as claimed in claim 1, characterized by the fact that the outside of the annular body (3) has an outer and an inner cylindrical area, between which there is at least one projection (3a). 7. Fastening device as claimed in claim 1, characterized by the fact that the boring (2) is at least partly tapered. 8. Fastening device as claimed in claim 7, characterized by the fact that the largest outside diameter of the annular body (3) is larger than the smallest diameter of the boring (2). 9. Fastening device as claimed in one or more of the preceding claims, characterized by the fact that the facing (4) is vulcanized onto the annular object (3). 10. Fastening device as claimed in one of the claims 1 to 9, characterized by the fact that the boring (2) and the outside of the facing (4) have a cylindrical-conical-cylindrical profile. 11. Fastening device as claimed in one or more of the preceding claims for laminated glass plates (1) consisting of an inner glass plate (1a) and an outer glass plate (1b) which are connected by a plastic film (12) or a synthetic resin layer (14) between them, characterized by the fact that the punctiform holder extends only through the inner glass plate (1a) or the inner and the outer glass plate (1a) and (1b). 12. Fastening device as claimed in one or more of the preceding claims, characterized by the fact that there is a ring (8) made of elastic material between the nut (7) on the one hand and the facing (4) and the plate (1, 1a) on the other hand. 13. Fastening device as claimed in claim 11, characterized by the fact that the elastic facing (4) has, on the outside, a recess (4a) into which a cover plate (13) is inserted. 14. Fastening device as claimed in one or more of the preceding claims, characterized by the fact that the annular body (3) is set back with respect to the circular recess (4). 15. Fastening device as claimed in claim 11, characterized by the fact that solar cells (9) are embedded between the inner glass plate (1a) and the outer glass plate (1b) in the vicinity of the plastic film (12), the connecting lines (10) for which run through the annular body (3) that is provided with the facing (4) and/or through a boring (16) in the threaded bolt (6). 16. A glass facade for a building, said glass facade comprising: at least one glass plate; said at least one glass plate comprising at least one hole; a fastening arrangement; said at least one hole being configured to receive said fastening arrangement to hold said at least one glass plate; said fastening arrangement being configured to attach said at least one glass plate to a building or other structure; and said fastening arrangement comprising: at least one rigid body; an elongated member having a first end and a second end opposite said first end; said rigid body being configured to receive and be connected to said first end of said elongated member; said second end of said elongated member being configured to be connected to a building structure; an elastic member; said elastic member being configured to be disposed about and connected to said rigid body; and said elastic member being configured to be disposed to contact the interior of said at least one hole and be held against the interior of said at least one hole by said rigid body. 17. Fastening device for fastening plates, in particular glass plates (1), to a building-side mounting, whereby the glass plates (1) have borings (2) all the way through, characterized by the fact that inserted in each boring there is at least one metal annular body (3) with an internal or female thread (3b) and an outside facing (4) made of an elastic material positively and non-positively connected with the annular body (3), and a threaded pin (6) for the connection to a load-bearing construction can be screwed into the annular body (3). 18. Fastening device as claimed in claim 17, characterized by the fact that a nut (7, 15) that is engaged beyond the boring (2) is screwed onto the threaded bolt (2). 19. Fastening device as claimed in claim 17, characterized by the fact that a projection (3a) that is embedded in the facing (4) is realized on the annular body (3). 20. Fastening device as claimed in claim 17, characterized by the fact that an oval ring-shaped projection (3a) is realized on the annular body (3). 