In one embodiment, the present disclosure provides an energy production apparatus. The apparatus includes fuzzy focusing optics and a mounting plate having a generally planar surface. The planar surface is positioned relative to the fuzzy focusing optics such that at least a portion of light incident on the fuzzy focusing optics is directed onto the planar surface. The apparatus also includes a plurality of solar cells coupled to the planar surface of the mounting plate. A power transmission bus is coupled to the plurality of solar cells. A drive mechanism is coupled to the mounting plate and configured to rotate the mounting plate about an axis normal to the planar surface of the mounting plate.
Claims 1. An energy production apparatus comprising: fuzzy focusing optics; a mounting plate having a generally planar surface, the planar surface positioned relative to the fuzzy focusing optics such that at least a portion of light incident on the fuzzy focusing optics is directed onto the planar surface; a plurality of solar cells coupled to the planar surface of the mounting plate; a power transmission bus coupled to the plurality of solar cells; and a drive mechanism coupled to the mounting plate and configured to rotate the mounting plate about an axis normal to the planar surface of the mounting plate. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the fuzzy focusing optics comprise a spherical lens. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the fuzzy focusing optics comprise a Fresnel lens. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the fuzzy focusing optics comprise a reflector. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a conduit thermally coupled to the mounting plate and configured to conduct a heat exchange fluid proximate the mounting plate. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the mounting plate comprises outer surfaces defining a cavity in the mounting plate and the conduit is in fluid communication with the cavity. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the power transmission bus independently coupled to each of the plurality of solar cells. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, further comprising a plurality of switches, one of the plurality of switches being intermediate each of the plurality of solar cells and the power transmission bus. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the plurality of switches comprise capacitors. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the plurality of switches further comprise Schmitt triggers. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the plurality of cells are organized in a plurality of groups, at least a portion of the groups comprising at least two cells connected in series to provide one or more series connected groups. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, further comprising a switch intermediate each of the series connected groups and the power transmission bus. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the switch comprises a capacitor. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the switch further comprises a Schmitt trigger. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a mirror and an actuator coupled to the mirror, wherein the actuator is configured to rotate the mirror to direct light passing through the fuzzy focusing optics onto the plurality of solar cells. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a translational actuator coupled to the mounting plate, wherein the translation actuator is configured to move the mounting plate relative to the fuzzy focusing optics in response to solar motion. 17. An energy production apparatus comprising: fuzzy focusing optics; a mounting plate having a generally planar surface, the planar surface positioned relative to the fuzzy focusing optics such that at least a portion of light incident on the fuzzy focusing optics is directed to the planar surface; a plurality of solar cells coupled to the planar surface of the mounting plate; a power transmission bus coupled to the plurality of solar cells; and a plurality of switches intermediate selected portions of the plurality of solar cells. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the selected portions of the plurality of solar cells comprises solar cells connected in series. 19. An energy generation method comprising: fuzzily focusing incident radiation on a plurality of solar cells to produce electricity; when the electricity produced exceeds a predetermined threshold, connecting the plurality of solar cells to a power transmission bus; transferring the electricity produced by the plurality of solar cells to the power transmission bus; and disconnecting the plurality of solar cells form the power transmission bus once the electricity has been transferred. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the plurality of solar cells are formed into groups, each group being independently couplable to the power transmission bus. 21-30. (canceled) 