A carpenter bee trap having at least one entrance hole, at least one plenum section connecting the at least one entrance hole to at least one receptacle adapter coupling, and least one removable receptacle attached to at least one receptacle adapter coupling, the at least one removable receptacle made of a material that admits ambient light to a greater extent than the material forming the plenum such that insects entering the trap follow a path of increasing intensity of ambient light that leads them to the receptacle. Various embodiments employ one or more preferred carpenter bee habitat features including an overhanging roof protecting the entrance hole from the weather, an entrance hole that slopes upward from horizontal, entrance holes surrounded by wood, and an opaque material forming the plenum regions such that the interior in the vicinity of the entrance holes is relatively dark. Various alternatives are possible for example to enhance trap performance in various situations or to make the traps aesthetically pleasing to a variety of tastes. In one embodiment, existing carpenter bee nests are treated with a disclosed insecticide gel. The insecticide gel consists of a thixotropic, injectable, non-hardening, non-volatile gel blended with a pyrethroid insecticide. A small amount of gel injected into existing nests kills all bees and larvae in the nests as well as any bees that enter the nest during the residual life of the application, in effect converting the bee nest into a trap. The combination of installed traps and treatment of existing nests with the insecticide gel has proven to be highly effective in treating and preventing carpenter bee infestation in structures.
Claims 1. A carpenter bee trap comprising: a trap entrance unit having at least one entrance hole in at least one side; and at least one receptacle adapter coupling allowing easy attachment and removal of at least one receptacle; and at least one removable receptacle attached to at least one receptacle adapter coupling thereby allowing bees in the trap entrance unit to enter the at least one removable receptacle; and at least one plenum providing passage from the at least one entrance hole to the at least one receptacle adapter coupling wherein ambient light admittance within the at least one plenum is greatest in the vicinity of the at least one receptacle adapter coupling. 2. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the construction material of the at least one receptacle admits ambient light to its interior that exceeds the admittance of light from the trap entrance unit receptacle adapter coupling when the receptacle is attached to the receptacle adapter coupling. 3. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the at least one receptacle is a disposable vessel, preferably a plastic beverage bottle. 4. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the at least one receptacle features male screw threads, and the at least one receptacle adapter coupling features matching female screw threads. 5. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the at least one receptacle adapter coupling is sized to provide a friction fit to retain the at least one receptacle while allowing easy insertion and removal of the receptacle. 6. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the at least one receptacle adapter coupling is at the bottom of the at least one plenum. 7. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the interior surface of the at least one plenum slopes downward toward the exit adapter coupling at an angle between 5 degrees and 90 degrees. 8. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the construction material of the entrance unit in the area surrounding the at least one exit adapter coupling admits ambient light to a greater extent than the construction material surrounding the at least one entrance hole. 9. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the part of the trap entrance unit surrounding at least one entrance hole is wood, more preferably wood of a tree in the division Pinophyta, most preferably wood of a tree in the family Cupressaceae. 10. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the part of the trap entrance unit surrounding at least one entrance hole has a thickness between 1/4 inch and 1 inch. 11. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the outer surface of the trap entrance unit surrounding at least one entrance hole is angled downward from vertical from about 5 degrees to about 90 degrees. 12. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein at least one entrance hole slopes upward as it penetrates the surrounding material at an angle from about 10 degrees to about 90 degrees. 13. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the diameter of at least one entrance hole is in the range of 1/2 inch to 3/4 inch. 14. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the back panel of the trap entrance unit is vertical and has a flat exterior surface with overhanging sides. 15. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein a mounting clamp is attached to the trap entrance unit. 16. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the trap entrance unit top features an attachment point for hanging the trap. 17. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the trap further includes a sound making device. 18. The carpenter bee trap of claim 17, wherein the sound making device is powered by a battery or a solar panel or a combination of the two. 19. The carpenter bee trap of claim 1, wherein the trap further includes a scent attractant. 20. A flying insect trap comprising: a trap entrance unit having at least one entrance hole in at least one side that allows insects to enter; and at least one exit adapter coupling allowing easy attachment and removal of at least one receptacle; and at least one receptacle attached to at least one exit adapter coupling thereby allowing insects in the trap entrance unit to enter the at least one receptacle; and at least one plenum providing passage from the at least one entrance hole to at least one exit adapter coupling wherein ambient light admittance within the at least one plenum is greatest in the vicinity of at least one exit adapter coupling. 21. An insecticide gel comprising: an insecticide, preferably a pyrethroid, more preferably permethrin, in a concentration of 0.2 to 2%, blended with a non-volatile, non-hardening, non-skinning thixotropic gel, preferably petroleum jelly. 22. The insecticide gel of claim 21 contained in a hand-held pressure dispenser; and a flexible nozzle tube with an outside diameter between 1/8 inch and 3/8 inch and a length greater than one inch attached to the dispenser outlet. 