A method and system for designing and controlling a hydronic apparatus. The system includes a computing device having a first receiver receiving input data, the input data includes environmental data and hydronic apparatus data. The computing device includes a first processor communicating with the first receiver. The first processor processes the received input data into configuration data that includes a hydronic apparatus layout. The hydronic apparatus layout indicates a plurality of hydronic components and fluid connections between the hydronic components. The computing device includes a transmitter transmitting configuration data. The system includes a controller storing a set of rules and a second receiver that receives the configuration data. The controller includes a second processor processing the received configuration data to correlate the configuration data with the default rules and select a corresponding subset of the set of default rules.
Claims 1. A controller for a hydronic apparatus, the controller comprising: a memory, the memory storing a set of default rules; a receiver, the receiver receiving configuration data, the configuration data including a hydronic apparatus layout indicating a plurality of hydronic components and fluid connections between the hydronic components, the configuration data being based, at least in part, on environmental data; a processor, the processor: correlating the configuration data with the default rules; and selecting a subset of default rules based at least in part on the correlation, the selected subset of the set of default rules being used to control the operation of the hydronic apparatus. 2. The controller of claim 1, wherein the hydronic apparatus layout is optimized for solar energy usage. 3. The controller of claim 2, wherein the environmental data includes one of available insolation, local environmental information and user defined environmental data. 4. The controller of claim 3, wherein the hydronic apparatus layout indicates at least one of a number of solar panels, type of solar collector, number of heat distribution manifolds and number of heat storage tanks. 5. The controller of claim 1, wherein the controller selects the subset of the set of default rules upon initiation of the hydronic apparatus. 6. The controller of claim 1, wherein the hydronic apparatus layout indicates a primary flow loop with secondary flow loops connected to it, each secondary flow loop connected to at least one of a heat source and heat load. 7. The controller of claim 1, wherein the receiver receives an updated set of default rules, at least a portion of the updated set of default rules being used to control the hydronic apparatus. 8. A system for designing and controlling a hydronic apparatus, the system comprising: a computing device, the computing device including: a receiver, the receiver receiving input data including environmental data and hydronic apparatus data; and a processor, the processor processing the input data into configuration data, the configuration data including a hydronic apparatus layout, the hydronic apparatus layout having a plurality of hydronic components and fluid connections between the hydronic components; and a controller, the controller including: a memory, the memory storing a set of default rules; a second receiver, the second receiver receiving the configuration data from the computing device; and a second processor, the second processor: correlating the configuration data with the default rules; and selecting a subset of default rules based at least in part on the correlation, the selected subset of default rules being used to control the operation of the hydronic apparatus. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the input data includes at least one of a local environment information, heat loss calculation, number of heating zones, physical space available for equipment and equipment mounting requirements, the input data being input by a user via a website. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein the hydronic apparatus layout is a solar heating system layout, the solar heating system layout is optimized for solar energy usage. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the configuration data includes an indication of a plurality of heat sources and a plurality of heat loads. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the environmental data determines, at least in part, one of a number of solar panels, type of solar collector, number of heat distribution manifolds and number of heat storage tanks. 13. The system of claim 8, wherein the input data is input by a user manually at the computing device. 14. A method for controlling a hydronic apparatus, the method comprising: storing a set of default rules; receiving configuration data, the configuration data including a hydronic apparatus layout indicating a plurality of hydronic components and fluid connections between the hydronic components, the configuration data is based, at least in part, on environmental data; and selecting a subset of the set of default rules based at least on the configuration data, the selected subset of default rules being used to control operation of the hydronic apparatus. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the environmental data includes one of available insolation and local environmental information. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the hydronic apparatus layout is optimized for solar energy usage. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising receiving updated default rules, at least a portion of the updated default rules being used to control the hydronic apparatus. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein selecting a subset of default rules occurs upon initiation of the hydronic apparatus. 19. The method of claim 14, wherein the configuration data is based on input data that is input by a user via a website. 20. The method of claim 14, wherein the hydronic apparatus layout indicates at least one of a number of solar panels, type of solar collector, number of heat distribution manifolds and number of heat storage tanks. 