A method and a device for controlling ectoparasites on animals are disclosed. The method consists of the design of an enclosure with an opening having bait such as food or water within the enclosure. An automatic spraying device is set at the opening. Animals are attracted to walk through the opening to feed or drink. Animals are self-treated with ectoparasiticides every time they enter or exit the enclosure. This method will eliminate the necessary labor to gather animals to be treated individually. The method and device is portable and can be place at any location on a farm or land. The automatic spraying device will provide the necessary dosage of ectoparasiticides on animals to control ectoparasites.
Claims What is claimed is 1. An automatic spraying device for delivering dosages of ectoparasiticides on a daily basis and at consistent dosage rate for the control of ectoparasiticides on animals comprising a free standing enclosure for holding at least one animal in a confined area having at least one opening; a sensor mounted by the opening to detect the movement of said animal through the opening; a signal conditioner component connected to said sensor to discriminate the detection of debris and insects from the animal; a storage compartment adapted to hold a reservoir tank, a power supply and a pumping unit that is triggered upon activation of the sensor; wherein said reservoir tank contains ectoparasiticide; and at least one nozzle mounted and aimed towards the opening to deliver said ectoparasiticide from said reservoir tank through tubing to said nozzle and onto an animal as it passes through said opening. a spray duration timer to set duration of delivery of the ectoparasiticide to the nozzle. 2. An automatic spraying device as claimed in claim 1 further comprising a solar panel to continuously recharge said power supply. 3. An automatic spraying device as claimed in claim 1 further comprising a pressure vessel to hold the ectoparasiticide under pressure from the reservoir tank to be delivered at a delay after pumping into the pressure vessel; and a solenoid valve to release the ectoparasiticide onto the animal when the animal passes through the opening. 4. An automatic spraying device as claimed in claim 1 further comprising a presetable timer to set the on/off control of the entire device. 5. A method of treating animals against ectoparasites with an automatic spraying device comprising of providing a free standing enclosure for animals with at least one opening; baiting the animals into said enclosure which eliminates labor necessary in herding the animals; mounting sensor device by said opening to detect the movement of an animal through the opening to spray said animals as they pass into the opening for the bait or as they leave said enclosure; providing a storage compartment for a reservoir tank, a power supply and a pumping unit that is triggered upon activation of the sensor; storing ectoparasiticide in said reservoir tank; connecting by way of tubing the reservoir tank to the pumping unit and then to at least one nozzle to deliver said ectoparasiticide from said reservoir tank onto an animal as it passes through the opening. 6. A method of treating animals against ectoparasites with an automatic spraying device as claimed in claim 5 further comprised of wiring a solar panel to the power supply to continuously recharge said power supply. 7. A method of treating animal against ectoparasites with an automatic spraying device as claimed in claim 5 further comprised of providing a pressure vessel to hold the ectoparasiticide under pressure awaiting activation of the sensor; and attaching a solenoid valve between the pressure vessel and the nozzle to release the ectoparasiticide onto the animal at a delay after pumping into the pressure vessel. 8. A method of treating animals against ectoparasites with an automatic spraying device as claimed in claim 5 further comprised of connecting a presetable timer into circuitry to set an on/off control of the entire treatment method. 