An emergency system for a vehicle integrates many disparate equipment into single housing, including the power supply for the equipment. In one embodiment of the invention, the emergency system is a light bar. The light bar houses a power source comprising solar cell panels, a Lithium-Ion battery pack and a connection to an external supply such as the vehicle's electrical power. Energy for operating the light bar is provided by one or more of the power sources, depending on operating conditions of the light bar and each of the power sources.
Claims 1. A system for use by a vehicle comprising: an emergency device for mounting to the vehicle and housing at least one warning light; a rechargeable power source disposed within the emergency device for powering the at least one warning light; a solar energy source for converting solar energy into electrical energy associated with the emergency device; at least one connector connected to the emergency device and accessible from an external surface of the device for connecting to a power source external of the emergency device such that the external power source charges the rechargeable power source when coupled to the at least one connector; a device connecting the solar energy source and the rechargeable power source to control the flow of energy from the solar energy and rechargeable power sources to the at least one warning light such that the energy from the solar energy source charges the rechargeable power source and power the at least one warning light; and a control interface in an interior of the vehicle in communications with the emergency device for controlling the at least one warning light. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the control interface includes a control switch which select at least one of the rechargeable power source, the solar energy source, and the external power source to power the at least one warning light. 3. The system of claim 1 further including a battery charger for receiving power from at least one of the solar energy source and the external power source so as to charge the rechargeable power source. 4. The system of claim 3 further including a voltage regulator for regulate the power provided for the at least one warning light from at least one of the rechargeable power source, the solar energy source and the external power source. 5. The system of claim 2 further including a light sensor for sensing an illumination condition, wherein the control interface automatically performs the selection in response to the detected illumination condition. 6. The system of claim 2, wherein the control switch includes: a first position for selecting at least one of the solar energy source and the rechargeable power source to power the at least one warning light; a second position for turning off the emergency device; and a third position for selecting the external power source to power the at least one warning light. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the external power source includes a vehicle power system. 8. The system of claim 1, further including an output connector for outputting the power generated by the solar energy source. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the control interface connects the external power source to the emergency device so as to trickle charge the rechargeable power source, wherein the trickle charging provided by the external power source complements the power generated by the solar energy source. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the emergency device further includes a housing and the solar energy source includes one or more solar panels disposed on an outer surface of the housing. 11. A light bar for mounting to a roof of a vehicle, the light bar comprising: a closed housing containing a plurality of warning lights intended to warning anyone in proximity to the light bar of a dangerous condition associated with the vehicle; a rechargeable power supply mounted within the closed housing; a solar-electrical energy source; and a power controller for controlling a flow of energy from the rechargeable power supply and the solar-electric energy source to the plurality of warning lights so that the energy from the solar electric energy source both powers the plurality of warning lights and recharges the rechargeable power supply. 12. The light bar of claim 11, further including a connector for connecting to an external power supply so as to power the plurality of warning light when the external power is selected. 13. The light bar of claim 12, further comprising: a light sensor for sensing an illumination condition, wherein the power controller switches among the solar-electrical energy source, the rechargeable power supply, and the external power supply to power the at least one electrical lighting device in accordance with the illumination condition. 14. The light bar of claim 11, wherein the solar-electrical energy supply includes one or more solar cells disposed on an outer surface of the closed housing. 15. The light bar of claim 11, wherein the power controller selects both the solar-electrical energy supply and the external power source to charge the rechargeable power supply so that the external power supply complements the solar-electrical energy supply. 16. The light bar of claim 12, wherein the power controller selects the external power source to trickle charge the rechargeable power supply during normal operation of the vehicle. 17. A method for providing energy to a vehicle-mounted emergency device, including: drawing energy from a first source disposed within a housing of the emergency device; delivering the drawn power to a signaling device within the emergency device; and during normal operation of the vehicle, controlling a confluence of energy from the first and second sources so that the signaling device receives all of the energy it requires to operate properly and to cause the second source to charge the first source when more energy than required by the signaling device is available from the second device. 18. The method of claim 17, further including drawing energy from a third source external of the emergency device so as to complement the first and second sources. 19. The method of claim 18, further including detecting an illumination condition, and controlling the confluence of energy in response to the detected illumination condition. 20. The method of claim 18, further including selecting at least one of the second and third sources to charge the first source. 21. The method of claim 18, further including selecting the third source to trickle charge the first source so as to complement the second source during normal operation of the vehicle. 