A security system has at least one security camera structure, with remote control for the positioning and functioning for the lens of the camera at least one security camera structure and with the control preferably being done through the wide area computer service protocol.
Claims What is claimed and sought to be protected by Letters Patent of the United States is: 1. A security system having at least one security camera structure, comprising: (a) the at least one security camera structure having a camera housing assembly with a camera, a positioning means and a lens control means mounted therein; (b) the positioning means including a horizontal positioning means and a vertical positioning means; (c) the horizontal positioning means and the vertical positioning means cooperating to move the camera to a number of desired positions; (d) the lens control means providing at least a wide angle view, a telescopic view, and a normal view; and (e) a means for receiving and analyzing information from the at least one security camera structure. 2. The security system of claim 1 further comprising: (a) a self-contained power source for the at least one security camera structure; (b) the at least one security camera structure having a base housing assembly connected to the camera housing assembly through a gear housing assembly; and (c) the gear housing assembly providing a range for the camera. 3. The security system of claim 1 further comprising: (a) the at least one security camera structure having a base housing assembly connected to the camera housing assembly through a gear housing assembly; (b) the base housing assembly being securable to a desired support; and (c) the gear housing assembly providing a range of movement for the camera. 4. The security system of claim 3 further comprising: (a) at least one motion detector cooperating with the security camera structure; (b) the at least one motion detector providing an activation means for the camera; and (c) a remote control means being to operate the camera. 5. The security system of claim 4 further comprising: (a) the camera being selected from the group consisting of a video camera and a digital camera; (b) the camera having an adjustable lens; (c) the camera having a digital input and output connected to a system server for the security system; and (d) the system server providing control of positioning and viewing for the camera. 6. The security system of claim 5 further comprising: (a) a security protocol protecting the security system; (b) a camera control board in the gear housing assembly operating both the vertical gear assembly and the horizontal gear assembly; (c) the camera control board operating the vertical gear assembly and the horizontal gear assembly in a joint fashion or a separate fashion; (d) the joint fashion providing a substantial range for the adjustable lens; and (e) a remote connection operating the camera and the gear assembly. 7. The security system of claim 6 further comprising: (a) the remote connection being at least one selected from the group consisting of an internet connection, a modem connection, a wired computer connection, and a wireless computer connection; and (b) a security mechanism between the security system and the remote connection. 8. The security system of claim 7 further comprising: (a) at least one motion detector being connected to the camera structure; (b) the at least one motion detector serving to activate the camera; (c) the at least one motion detector providing aiming information to the camera; and (d) the remote connection operating adjustable lens. 9. The security system of claim 8 further comprising: (a) the at least one motion detector being a first motion detector, a second motion detector and a third motion detector; (b) the first motion detector being connected to and controlled by the camera; (c) the second motion detector and the third motion detector being connected to the camera control board in order to send a signal to the camera control unit and activate a programmed movement of the camera; and (d) a remote receiving means being connected to the camera and providing a readout from the camera. 10. The security system of claim 9 further comprising: (a) the at least one motion detector conserving energy by selectively activating the camera as motion is detected; and (b) the at least one motion detector conserving energy by selectively allowing the camera to be shut down as motion is absent; and (c) a synchronizing means cooperating with the at least one motion detector to permit cooperation between at least a first camera and a second camera of the security system; and (d) a readout analyzing at least the second camera and the first camera. 11. The security system of claim 10 further comprising: (a) a power source connecting the camera control board, the camera and the lens; (b) a system server control providing cooperation of at least the first camera and the second camera; and (c) a system server control providing control of the activation of at least the first camera and the second camera in the camera system on a random or predetermined schedule. 12. The security system of claim 11 further comprising: (a) the vertical gear assembly and the horizontal gear assembly cooperating to provide a substantially three-dimensional movement capability for the camera; (b) the camera housing assembly being mounted on the gear housing assembly; and (c) at least the first camera and the second camera being directed by a wireless connection. 13. The security system of claim 12 further comprising: (a) the power source being a solar, rechargeable battery; (b) the vertical gear assembly being a first worm gear; (c) the horizontal gear assembly being a second worm gear; and (c) the lens control including a third worm gear. 14. A security camera structure, comprising: (a) a camera housing assembly with a camera, a positioning means and a lens control means mounted therein; (b) the positioning means including a horizontal positioning means and a vertical positioning means; (c) the horizontal positioning means and the vertical positioning means cooperating to move the camera to a number of desired positions; (d) the lens control means providing a least a wide angle view, a telescopic view, and a normal view; (e) a self-contained power source for the at least one security camera structure; (f) the at least one security camera structure having a base housing assembly connected to the camera housing assembly through a gear housing assembly; and (g) the gear housing assembly providing a range for the camera. 15. The security camera structure of claim 14 further comprising: (a) the at least one security camera structure having a base housing assembly connected to the camera housing assembly through a gear housing assembly; (b) the base housing assembly being securable to a desired support; (c) the camera being selected from the group consisting of a video camera and a digital camera; (d) the camera having an adjustable lens; (e) the camera having a digital input and output connected to a system server for the security system; and (e) the system server providing control of positioning and viewing for the camera. 16. The security camera structure of claim 15 further comprising: (a) a security protocol protecting the security system; (b) a camera control board in the gear housing assembly operating both the vertical gear assembly and the horizontal gear assembly; (c) the camera control board operating the vertical gear assembly and the horizontal gear assembly in a joint fashion or a separate fashion; (d) the joint fashion providing a substantial range for the adjustable lens; (e) a remote connection operating the camera and the gear assembly; and (f) a motion detector conserving energy by selectively allowing the camera to be shut down as motion is absent. 17. The security camera structure of claim 16 further comprising: (a) a power source connecting the camera control board, the camera and the lens; (b) the vertical gear assembly and the horizontal gear assembly cooperating to provide a substantially three-dimensional movement capability for the camera; and (c) the camera housing assembly being mounted on the gear housing assembly. 18. The security camera structure of claim 17 further comprising: (a) the power source being a solar, rechargeable battery; (b) the vertical gear assembly being a first worm gear; (c) the horizontal gear assembly being a second worm gear; and (c) the lens control including a third worm gear. 19. A method of providing a security system having at least one security camera structure, comprising: (a) providing at least one security camera structure with a camera housing assembly with a camera, a positioning means and a lens control means mounted therein; (b) mounting at least first member of the at least one security camera structure in a first desired position; (c) activating the camera at a desired time in order to provide an activated camera; (d) positioning the activated camera to cover substantially most of a spherical perimeter; (e) providing at least one image from the activated camera to a remote site; (f) analyzing the at least one image in order to make an appropriate response; and (g) making an appropriate response. 20. The method of claim 19 further comprising: (a) providing a renewable, self-contained power source for the at least one security camera structure; (b) providing a lens control means for the camera in order to provide at least a wide angle view, a telescopic view, and a normal view; (c) providing a sufficient number of the at least one security camera structure to cover a desired area; (d) providing at least one motion detector to cooperate with the at least on security camera structure and provide an activation means for the camera; (e) operating the at least one security camera structure from a remote site; (f) providing a digital input and output connected to a system server for a security system formed from the at least one security camera structure; and (g) providing a security protocol in order to protect the security system. 