A solar energy collection system can include support devices configured to accommodate misalignment of components during assembly. For example, the system can include piles fixed to the earth and an adjustable bearing assembly at the upper end of the pile. The adjustable bearing assembly can include at least one of a vertical adjustment device, a lateral adjustment device and an angular adjustment device. The solar energy collection system can also include a plurality of solar energy collection device pre-wired together and mounted to a support member so as to form modular units. The system can also include enhanced supports for wire trays extending between rows of solar energy collection devices.
Claims 1. A solar energy collection system formed of a plurality of connected solar collection modules, comprising: a plurality of piles secured to a ground surface, each of the piles having an upper end; a plurality of support frames, each of the support frames having a first structural support member extending in a first direction of the support frame, each of the first structural support members defining a pivot axis of the support frame, each of the first structural support members including a first end and a second end opposite the first end; a plurality arrays of photovoltaic solar panels supported by the support frames, respectively, each of the plurality of arrays of photovoltaic solar panels being wired to output electrical energy at about the same voltage; a plurality of spherical bearing assemblies disposed at the upper ends of the plurality of piles, each of the spherical bearing assemblies comprising at least a first housing portion mounted to the upper end of one of the plurality of piles, a second housing portion removably connected to the first housing portion and defining an inner bearing race when the second housing portion is connected to the first housing portion, a bushing comprising at least a first bushing portion and a second bushing portion, the first and second bushing portions defining in inner passage forming a fit with an outer surface of the first structural member, the first and second bushing portions forming a generally spherical outer surface forming a fit with the inner bearing race, the generally spherical outer surface comprising radial walls extending from in inner portion of the bushing toward the outer spherical surface, the outer terminal ends of the radial walls forming a weblike spherical surface with recesses configured to accommodate lubricant. 2. An adjustable solar assembly, comprising: at least a first pile secured to a ground surface, the pile having an upper end; at least a first support frame having a first structural support member extending in a longitudinal direction of the support frame; at least a first solar energy collection device supported by the first support frame; at least a first spherical bearing assembly disposed at the upper end of the pile, the first spherical bearing assembly supporting the first structural support member so as to be pivotal about at least a first axis. 3. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 2, wherein the first spherical bearing assembly comprises at least a housing and a bushing, the housing comprising at least a first portion secured to the upper end of the pile and a second portion removably connected to the first portion, the bushing being enclosed by the housing. 4. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 3, wherein the first and second housing portions cooperate to define a bearing race configured to support the bushing, at least a portion of an outer surface of which is spherical. 5. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 3, wherein the first spherical bearing assembly comprises a bushing defining an internal passage, the first structural support member extending through the internal passage, wherein the bushing is a split bushing comprising at least first and second portions, the outer surfaces of the first and second portions cooperating to form a generally spherical outer surface of the bushing. 6. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 2, wherein the first spherical bearing assembly comprises a housing including first, second, and third portions, the first portion being mounted to the upper end of first pile, the second and third portions of the housing cooperating with the first portion to define an inner race configured to receive a bushing with at least a partially spherical outer surface and configured to support the first structural support member. 7. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 6, wherein each of the first, second, and third portions of the housing are configured to extend approximately 120.degree. around the bushing. 8. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 7, wherein the bushing comprises first and second portions which are approximately the same size. 9. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 2 additionally comprising an adjustable bearing mount, the adjustable bearing mount comprising a first mount configured to be vertically adjustable relative to the upper end of the first pile and a second mount configured to be laterally adjustable relative to the upper end of the pile, the adjustable bearing mounts connecting the first spherical bearing assembly to the upper end of the pile. 10. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 9, wherein the first mount comprises a sleeve portion configured to receive the upper end of the pile and to be vertically adjustable relative to the pile. 11. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 9, wherein the second mount is configured to be releasably engagable with the first mount and to be laterally adjustable relative to the first mount. 12. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 11, wherein the second mount includes slots aligned with holes formed in the first mount so as to allow the second mount to slide laterally relative to the first mount, the slots and the holes being sized to allow threaded fasteners to extend therethrough for securing the second mount in a fixed position relative to the first mount. 13. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 2, wherein the spherical bearing assembly comprises a bushing having a weblike generally spherical outer surface. 14. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 13, wherein the generally spherical outer surface of the bushing comprises recesses configured to accommodate lubrication. 15. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 2, wherein the first bearing assembly further comprises at least one of a vertical adjustment device configured to allow a vertical position of the first bearing assembly relative to the pile to be adjusted and a lateral adjustment device configured to allow a lateral position of the first bearing assembly relative to the pile to be adjusted. 16. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 2, wherein the spherical bearing assembly comprises a bearing housing and a bearing member, the bearing member being pivotable about the first axis and pivotable in a different direction relative to the first pile. 17. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 2, wherein the first spherical bearing assembly comprises a spilt bearing housing and a split bearing member, and wherein the first structural support member includes a body member having an outer diameter that is about equal to or smaller than an inner diameter of the split bearing member, and additionally comprising mounting components permanently fixed to the body member wherein the mounting components extend outward from the body member beyond the inner diameter of the split bearing. 18. An adjustable solar assembly, comprising: at least a first pile secured to a ground surface, the pile having an upper end; at least a first support frame having a first structural support member extending in a longitudinal direction of the support frame; at least a first solar energy collection device supported by the first support frame; at least a first spherical bearing assembly disposed at the upper end of the pile, the first spherical bearing assembly supporting the first support frame so as to be pivotal about at least a first axis; and means for allowing the first spherical bearing assembly to be adjusted angularly and laterally relative to the first axis. 19. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 18, wherein the spherical bearing assembly additionally comprises means for vertically adjusting a position of the first spherical bearing assembly relative to the first axis. 20. The adjustable solar assembly according to claim 18 additionally comprising means for allowing the first spherical bearing assembly to be assembled around the first structural support member with the first structural support member in a final installation position with a central longitudinal axis of the first structural support member aligned with the first axis. 