A passive solar collector utilizes a support constructed of precisely machined foam to simplify the construction and calibration of the reflective surface. Further improvements include sensor-based positioning, and a receiver having inflow and outflow conduits adapted to improve thermal efficiency.
Claims 1. A parabolic solar collector, comprising: a parabolic reflector having a focal line or focal point; a receiver positioned at the focal line or focal point of the reflector carrying a heat transfer fluid; a foam base adhesively attached to and supporting the reflector, the foam base having a curved surface determining the focal line or focal point; and a rigid cradle supporting the foam base and surrounding the receiver. 2. The parabolic solar collector according to claim 1, wherein the foam base is formed in a shape of a parabolic trough, and the receiver is positioned along a focal line parallel to a longitudinal axis of the parabolic trough. 3. The parabolic solar collector according to claim 1, wherein the foam base is formed in the shape of a parabolic dish, and the receiver passes through a focal point and a vertex of the parabolic dish. 4. The parabolic solar collector according to claim 1, wherein the foam base is constructed of a foam having a density in the range of about 0.5 lb/ft.sup.3 to about 10 lb/ft.sup.3. 5. The parabolic solar collector according to claim 1, wherein the foam base is expanded polystyrene having a density in a range of about 0.9 to 2.2 lbs/ft.sup.3. 6. The parabolic solar collector according to claim 2, further comprising a glass cover sealing a space above the reflector and the receiver. 7. The parabolic solar collector according to claim 6, wherein the glass cover is low-iron glass. 8. The parabolic solar collector according to claim 6, further comprising thermal insulation along opposite sides of the cradle extending vertically from the base to the cover. 9. The parabolic solar collector according to claim 1, wherein the reflector is a polished aluminum sheet material. 10. The parabolic solar collector according to claim 2, wherein the receiver comprises a plurality of individual inflow conduits for transporting heat transfer fluid in a first direction along the longitudinal axis of the solar collector, and an outflow conduit transporting heated heat transfer fluid in a second direction along the longitudinal axis of the solar collector, opposite the first direction; wherein said inflow conduits are positioned above and in contact with the outflow conduit, and wherein the outflow conduit has a diameter larger than the diameter of the individual inflow conduits. 11. The parabolic solar collector according to claim 10, wherein the receiver is coated with a silicone polymer based coating and the absorptivity of the coated receiver for solar radiation having a wavelength less than 5 microns is at least 88 percent. 12. The parabolic solar collector according to claim 2, further comprising a shaft attached to the cradle and operatively connected to a motor, so that the cradle can be pivoted about the shaft to produce an angle of inclination of the reflector between about 10 degrees and about 170 degrees with respect to horizontal. 13. The parabolic solar collector according to claim 12, wherein the motor is a linear DC motor. 14. The parabolic solar collector according to claim 11, further comprising a tracking system which includes: (1) a motor adapted to adjust an angle of inclination of the reflector about the shaft; (2) at least one optical sensor; (3) at least two heat sensors; and (4) a controller receiving a signal from the heat sensors and the optical sensor and operatively connected with the motor to set the inclination angle of the reflector. 15. The parabolic solar collector according to claim 14, further comprising, at least a first heat sensor and a second heat sensor, each of said first and second heat sensors being positioned on opposite sides of a longitudinal axis defined by the receiver, and wherein the inclination of the reflector about the mounting is controlled in a direction toward the first or second heat sensor sensing lower temperature. 16. The parabolic solar collector according to claim 15, further comprising a heat transfer fluid storage container, a pump, a circulating heat transfer fluid, and at least one fluid temperature sensor adapted to measure the temperature of the heat transfer fluid, wherein the controller is responsive to a signal from the temperature sensor to control operation of the pump; wherein the controller is responsive to a low-light signal from the optical sensor to control operation of the motor to return the inclination angle of the collector to a parked state. 17. A receiver for a parabolic solar collector adapted to be positioned along a longitudinal axis of the collector, comprising: a plurality of inflow conduits carrying a heat transfer fluid in a first direction along the longitudinal axis; and one outflow conduit in fluid communication with the plurality of inflow conduits and carrying the heat transfer fluid in a second direction along the longitudinal axis, opposite the first direction, wherein the inflow conduits are positioned above and in contact with the outflow conduit, wherein the diameter of the outflow conduit is larger than the diameter of the individual inflow conduits, and wherein the combined outside diameter of the two inflow conduits is greater than the diameter of the outflow conduit. 18. The receiver according to claim 17, further comprising a silicone polymer based coating, yielding an absorptivity of the receiver for solar radiation at wavelengths less than 5 microns of greater than 0.88. 19. A tracking and control system in a parabolic solar collector having a receiver positioned along the focal line on a longitudinal axis thereof, wherein the reflector is adapted for pivoting motion about the longitudinal axis to obtain different inclination angles, the tracking and control system comprising: a motor adapted to pivot the collector to an inclination angle; an optical sensor; a first heat sensor located on a first side of the longitudinal axis defined by the receiver; a second heat sensor located on a side of said longitudinal axis opposite said first side; and a controller responsive to the optical sensor, the first heat sensor and the second heat sensor to set the inclination angle of the reflector. 20. The tracking and control system according to claim 19, further comprising a third heat sensor located under the receiver and between the first and second heat sensors, the controller being responsive to a signal from the third heat sensor so that action of the motor is inhibited when the temperature signal from the third heat sensor is higher than the temperature sensed by either the first or second heat sensors. 21. The tracking and control system according to claim 20, wherein the optical sensor is provided for gross adjustment of the inclination angle and does not control setting of the inclination angle after a threshold temperature is sensed by at least the first heat sensor or the second heat sensor; and wherein the first heat sensor and the second heat sensor are provided for fine adjustment of the inclination angle, the movement of inclination angle being in a direction toward the first or second heat sensor sensing the lower heat, so that the inclination angle is set to minimize the temperature difference between the first heat sensor, and maximize the temperature sensed by the third heat sensor. 22. The tracking and control system according to claim 20, further comprising a fluid temperature sensor adapted to measure the temperature of a heat transfer fluid in the receiver, and wherein the control system is responsive to a signal from the fluid temperature sensor. 23. A method of making a parabolic solar collector, comprising the steps of: cutting a rigid foam material to form a foam base segment having a parabolic surface of predetermined dimensions; assembling the base in a cradle; adhering a reflective material on the focusing surface; and positioning a receiver carrying a heat transfer fluid with respect to the base and cradle at the focal point or focal line of the parabolic surface, so that solar rays incident on the focusing surface are focused on the receiver. 24. The method according to claim 23, wherein the step of cutting a rigid foam material is conducted by providing a computer aided design (CAD) file to a computer numerical control (CNC) cutting machine to form a parabolic surface. 25. The method according to claim 23, wherein the foam is expanded polystyrene having a density of 0.90 lb/ft.sup.3 to about 2.2 lb/ft.sup.3. 26. The method according to claim 24, wherein the CNC machine is programmed to cut the curved focusing surface in the shape of a parabolic trough to form a one piece foam base. 