Renewable energy sources provide electricity without consuming fossil fuels and contributing to emissions that impact the global environment. Unlike wind and water methods solar photovoltaic generators provide this renewable energy without geographic or meteorological limitations. However, today electricity generation from solar using photovoltaics is more expensive than fossil fuel sources and is generally limited to deployments with large planar photovoltaic panels. According to embodiments of the invention concentrator based azimuth-altitude tracking solar power generators are provided offering reduced electricity generation costs, reduced installation costs, increased flexibility in deployment and locations of deployment, and initial system costs. The optical assembly comprises a concentrating lens and a reflector to couple the solar radiation to the photovoltaic cell. The concentrating lens is offset out of the plane parallel to the photovoltaic cell whilst the reflector and the reflector may be disposed angularly offset to an axis perpendicular to the photovoltaic cell.
Claims 1. A device comprising: a cell responsive to radiation within a predetermined first wavelength range and characterized by at least first and second dimensions along axes perpendicular to one another in a plane parallel to a surface of the cell; and a lens transmissive to a predetermined second wavelength range that overlaps a predetermined portion of the predetermined first wavelength range and focusing radiation within the predetermined first wavelength range, the lens characterized by at least third and fourth dimensions along the same axes as the first and second dimensions respectively wherein at least one of the third dimension and fourth dimension is larger than the corresponding first dimension and second dimension, wherein in operation the lens has a predetermined separation from the cell and the plane of the lens is offset by a predetermined non-zero angle with respect to said plane of the cell. 2. A device according to claim 1 further comprising; a reflector comprising at least an inner surface and an outer surface and having a first end disposed towards the cell and a distal end disposed towards the lens, the first end having a geometry determined in dependence upon at least the geometry of the cell and the inner surface being reflective to radiation within the predetermined first wavelength range, wherein in operation an axis of the reflector along which the first end and distal end are disposed is offset at a predetermined angle with respect to an axis between a centre of the lens and a centre of the cell. 3. A device according to claim 1 wherein, the cell and lens form part of an assembly that under direction of a controller moves according to at least one of a measure of time and a measure of solar radiation. 4. A device according to claim 1 wherein, the cell is absent at least one of active temperature stabilization and active temperature management. 5. A device according to claim 1 wherein, the predetermined non-zero angle is between 10 degrees and 60 degrees. 6. A device comprising: a base for at least one of mounting the device to a structure and insertion into the ground; a mount mounted upon the base and comprising at least a frame and an altitude mechanism, the altitude mechanism for adjusting the elevation of the frame with respect to the base; a controller for controlling at least the altitude mechanism and an azimuth mechanism, the azimuth mechanism for adjusting the rotational position of the frame with respect to the base; a cell attached to the frame and responsive to radiation within a predetermined first wavelength range and characterized by at least first and second dimensions along axes perpendicular to one another in a plane of parallel to a surface of the cell; and a lens attached to the frame and transmissive to a predetermined second wavelength range that overlaps a predetermined portion of the predetermined first wavelength range and focusing radiation within the predetermined first wavelength range, the lens characterized by at least third and fourth dimensions along the same axes as the first and second dimensions respectively wherein at least one of the third dimension and fourth dimension is larger than the corresponding first dimension and second dimension, wherein in operation the lens has a predetermined separation from the cell and the plane of the lens is offset by a predetermined non-zero angle with respect to said plane of the cell. 7. A device according to claim 6 further comprising; a reflector comprising at least an inner surface and an outer surface and having a first end disposed towards the cell and a distal end disposed towards the lens, the first end having a geometry determined in dependence upon at least the geometry of the cell and the inner surface being reflective to radiation within the predetermined first wavelength range, wherein in operation an axis of the reflector along which the first end and distal end are disposed is offset at a predetermined angle with respect to an axis between a centre of the lens and a centre of the cell. 8. A device according to claim 6 wherein, the cell and lens form part of an assembly that under direction of a controller moves according to at least one of a measure of time and a measure of solar radiation. 9. A device according to claim 6 wherein, the cell is absent at least one of active temperature stabilization and active temperature management. 10. A device according to claim 6 wherein, the predetermined non-zero angle is between 10 degrees and 60 degrees. 11. A device according to claim 6 further comprising; a cover enclosing a predetermined region around the device, a predetermined portion of the cover manufactured from a material transmissive to radiation within the predetermined portion of the predetermined first wavelength range. 12. A device comprising: a base for at least one of mounting the device to a structure and insertion into the ground; a mount mounted upon the base and comprising at least a frame and an altitude mechanism for adjusting the elevation of the frame with respect to the base; a controller for controlling at least the altitude mechanism and an azimuth mechanism for adjusting the rotational position of the frame with respect to the base; a cell attached to the frame and responsive to radiation within a predetermined first wavelength range and characterized by at least first and second dimensions along axes perpendicular to one another in a plane of parallel to a surface of the cell; a lens attached to the frame and transmissive to a predetermined second wavelength range that overlaps a predetermined portion of the predetermined first wavelength range and focusing radiation within the predetermined first wavelength range, the lens characterized by at least third and fourth dimensions along the same axes as the first and second dimensions respectively wherein at least one of the third dimension and fourth dimension is larger than the corresponding first dimension and second dimension, wherein in operation the lens has a predetermined separation from the cell and the plane of the lens is offset by a predetermined angle with respect to said plane of the cell; and a reflector comprising at least an inner surface and an outer surface and having a first end disposed towards the cell and a distal end disposed towards the lens, the first end having a geometry determined in dependence upon at least the geometry of the cell and the inner surface being reflective to radiation within the predetermined first wavelength range, wherein in operation an axis of the reflector along which the first end and distal end are disposed is offset at a predetermined non-zero angle with respect to an axis between a centre of the lens and a centre of the cell. 13. A device according to claim 12 wherein, the cell and lens form part of an assembly that under direction of a controller moves according to at least one of a measure of time and a measure of solar radiation. 14. A device according to claim 12 wherein, the cell is absent at least one of active temperature stabilization and active temperature management. 15. A device according to claim 12 wherein, the predetermined non-zero angle is between 10 degrees and 60 degrees. 16. A device according to claim 12 further comprising; a cover enclosing a predetermined region around the device, a predetermined portion of the cover manufactured from a material transmissive to radiation within the predetermined portion of the predetermined first wavelength range. 