A combination wind direction and wind speed indicating apparatus for providing enhanced visibility at night and under other low visibility conditions is mounted, for example, at an airport landing zone, to rotate in the wind and indicates wind direction with high-intensity colored lights mounted in a specified array about the horizontal periphery of the apparatus; a vertical array of lights is illuminated in response to incremental wind speed variations. The apparatus can include a self-contained source of electrical power such as a rechargeable battery pack connected via appropriate circuitry to a solar power cell.
Claims 1. An apparatus for indicating wind direction, comprising: a. a base member mounted for rotation in a generally horizontal plane b. a vertical rudder secured to the base member; and c. a plurality of fixed light sources forming a predetermined array of color combinations, mounted on the periphery of the base member, with the color combinations arranged in relation to the rudder, whereby the force of the wind upon the rudder causes the base member to rotate to assume an orientation facing into the wind and thereby to position the light sources to provide a visual indicia of wind direction. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the base member is generally circular; and wherein the rudder is mounted adjacent to one point on the perimeter; and wherein the mounting location of the rudder and a point at the opposite end of the circular base define a front-rear axis of the circular base, with the rudder mounted at the rear, the axis bisecting the circular base into a left side and a right side; and wherein the plurality of light sources includes a first and a second subset of light sources, the first subset displaying a first color is mounted on the perimeter of the left half of the circular base, and the second subset displaying a second color is mounted on the perimeter of the right half of the circular base. 3. The apparatus according to claim 2, the plurality of light sources further including: a. a front end illuminable device; and b. a back end illuminable device, wherein the front end and the back end light sources are positioned between the first subset and the second subset of light sources respectively, each of the front end and the back end light sources emitting a color distinct from the colors of the first and second subsets of light sources. 4. The apparatus according to claim 3, the apparatus further comprising: a third plurality of light sources defining a directional symbol having a head portion and a tail portion and arranged on at least one of a side surface of the rudder. 5. The apparatus according to claim 4, in which the first color, the second color, color of the front end illuminable device, and color of the back end illuminable device are red, green, white and blue respectively. 6. The apparatus according to claim 5, the apparatus further comprising an anemometer device including: a. a lever having a pivot end and a distal end, the pivot end rotatably attached to the base member for movement of the distal end in the vertical plane; b. an airfoil positioned on the distal end, and moveable in the vertical plane in response to the changes in wind pressure on the airfoil; c. a fourth plurality of light sources positioned in a vertical array above the base member and in electromechanical communication with the position of the airfoil, wherein a predetermined set of light sources are illuminated in response to the position of the airfoil. 7. The apparatus according to claim 6, in which the anemometer device further comprises: a. a shaft projecting from the pivot end on generally opposite side of the distal end, the shaft provided inside a recess of the base member; b. a plurality of deflection sensors provided in the recess of the base member, each of the deflection sensors being associated with, and electronically responsive to the displacement of the shaft; c. a plurality of switches provided in the recess, each of the switches being associated with, and electronically responsive to each of the sensors; and d. each of the fourth plurality of light sources being associated with and coupled to one of the plurality of switches to provide indicia of an output signal associated with a distinctive predetermined wind pressure, wherein a corresponding switch is triggered in response to receiving an output signal from a corresponding sensor. 8. The apparatus according to claim 7, in which the fourth plurality of light sources transmits, in response to the displacement of the airfoil, a series of colors including green, yellow and red to indicate a visual signal code of stages defining low, moderate and high wind speed to a user. 9. The apparatus according to claim 8, in which the top surface of the base member is adapted to receive a solar power collector and the recess is adapted to receive a battery coupled to the solar power collector, the battery being configured to collect solar power and deliver power to any illuminable device of the first, second, third, fourth plurality of light sources, front and back end light sources. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1, in which at least one of the first, second plurality of light sources, front and back end light sources is selected from a group consisting of light emitting diodes (LEDs), optical cables, gel cables, fluorescent bulbs, incandescent bulbs, halogen bulbs and xenon lamps. 11. The apparatus according to claim 1, in which the first, second plurality of light sources, front, and back end light sources illuminate colors in accordance with the anti-collision navigation lighting system codes of the Federal Aviation Regulation. 12. A system for indicating wind speed and direction through an illuminable device which comprises: a. a vertical shaft; b. a member rotatably mounted to the shaft in a horizontal plane, the member being asymmetrical in shape and having uniform distribution of mass about the vertical shaft, the member including a vertical portion coupled to the member and responsive to external forces to cause the member to rotate about the shaft; c. a first and a second plurality of light sources positioned generally on the opposite outer peripheral segments of the member, wherein the first plurality of light sources illuminates a first color distinct from a second color illuminated by the second plurality of light sources, the first color juxtaposed adjacent the second color to define a combination of colors that transmits a visual signal code to a user; and d. a third plurality of light sources having a head portion and tail portion generally positioned on top of the horizontally mounted member for visually defining a wind directional symbol in conjunction with the visual signal code provided by the juxtaposed combination of colors to facilitate a system for indicating wind direction to a user on the ground or in the air. 13. The system according to claim 12, the system further comprising: a. a lever having a pivot end, a distal end, and a shaft projecting from the pivot end on generally opposite side of the distal end and within a recess of the member, the pivot end movably attached to the bottom surface of the mounted member for moving the distal end of the lever from a vertical position to a horizontal position; b. an airfoil positioned on the distal end, the airfoil moving from the vertical position to the horizontal position in response to the changes in wind pressure on the airfoil; c. a plurality of deflection sensors provided in the recess of the member, each of the deflection sensors being associated with, and electronically responsive to the displacement of the shaft; d. a plurality of switches provided in the recess, each of the switches being associated with, and electronically responsive to each of the sensors; e. a vertical bar projecting from the top surface of the member; and f. a fourth plurality of light sources positioned on the vertical bar and defining an array of beacon lights, each of the fourth plurality of lights being associated with and coupled to one of the plurality of switches to provide visual indicia of an output signal associated with a distinctive predetermined change in wind velocity, wherein a corresponding switch is triggered in response to receiving an output signal from a corresponding sensor for illuminating a predetermined set of light sources in response to the change in wind velocity to a user on the ground or in the air. 14. The system according to claim 12, in which the top surface of the member is adapted to receive a solar power collector and the recess is adapted to receive a battery coupled to the solar power collector, the battery being configured to collect solar power and deliver power to any illuminable device of the first, second, third, and fourth plurality of light sources. 15. The system according to claim 12, further including: a. a front end illuminable device; and b. a back end illuminable device, wherein the front end illuminable device and the back end illuminable device are positioned between the first plurality and the second plurality of light sources, each of the front end illuminable device and the back end illuminable device emitting a color distinct from other illuminating colors on the apparatus. 16. A method for using a wind direction indicator having: a. a horizontally mounted member with a generally flat circular base; b. a rudder associated with the base member to interfere with passing air flow, wherein the center of gravity of the associated horizontal member and rudder is above the center of the circular base, and where the associated horizontal member is mounted at the center of the circular base. so that the associated horizontal member and rudder rotate about a vertical axis and assume a rotational orientation relative to the air flow; c. a first and a second plurality of light sources positioned generally on the opposite outer peripheral segments of the member; d. a front end illuminable device; and e. a back end illuminable device, wherein the front end illuminable device and the back end illuminable device are positioned between the first plurality and the second plurality of light sources, each of the first plurality, second plurality of light sources, front and back end light sources emitting a color distinct from other illuminating colors to define a visual signal code combination of colors in which the colors are red, green, white and blue respectively, the method comprising: f. transmitting a visual signal code to a pilot of a white color centrally juxtaposed between a series of red color and a series of green color; and g. inducing the pilot's vehicle to turn away from directly facing the white color. 17. A ground wind direction indicator comprising: a light-supporting member mounted for rotation in a horizontal plane proximate the earth's surface, the light supporting member having a forward portion and an aft portion with opposing right and left flanking portions extending between the forward and aft portions, a vertically mounted generally planar wind vane member attached to the light-supporting member, a plurality of contiguous, directionally-oriented light sources of predetermined contrasting colors arranged in a generally horizontal plane on the light supporting member, and the plurality of light sources including a headwind indicator in the forward portion and an opposing tailwind indicator in the aft portion, the indicators aligned, respectively, with the leading edge and trailing edge of the vane member, a first and second plurality of light sources extending from the headwind indicator and tailwind indicator, and positioned in the right and left flanking portions of the light-supporting member. 18. The wind direction indicator of claim 17 which includes a plurality of light sources mounted on the perimeter of the wind vane. 19. The wind director indicator of claim 17 which further comprises a wind speed indicator that includes: a plurality of omni-directional light sources electrically connected to one or more switches and extending in a vertical array from the light-supporting member. 