Vehicle charging apparatuses and methods connect a vehicle to an external power source, the vehicle having a battery that is capable of being charged from the external power source and having a receptacle configured to receive a plug connected to the external power source. An alignment target receives at least one visual alignment beam from a vehicle, the position of the alignment beam providing visual indication to a vehicle operator that the vehicle is properly aligned relative to the charging station. A robotic arm is mounted to a structure and has a plug at a distal end thereof, the plug interconnected to the external power source and adapted to engage the vehicle receptacle to transfer power to or from the vehicle. A module may be provided for controlling the robotic arm such that said plug engages with the vehicle receptacle when the vehicle is properly aligned to receive the plug.
Claims 1. A charging apparatus for connecting a vehicle to an external power source, the vehicle having a battery that is capable of being charged from the external power source and having a receptacle configured to receive a plug connected to the external power source, comprising: an alignment target that receives at least one visual alignment beam from a vehicle, the position of the alignment beam providing visual indication to a vehicle operator that the vehicle is properly aligned relative to said target; an arm mounted to a structure and having a plug at a distal end thereof, said plug interconnected to the external power source and adapted to engage the vehicle receptacle and transfer power to the vehicle; and a module for controlling said arm such that said plug engages with the vehicle receptacle when the vehicle is properly aligned relative to said target. 2. The charging apparatus of claim 1, wherein the alignment target includes a receiver that receives information from the vehicle comprising receptacle height information. 3. The charging apparatus of claim 2, wherein said receiver is operable to receive information related to vehicle credentials related to authorization of the vehicle to park in a space associated with the charging apparatus. 4. The charging apparatus of claim 2, wherein said receiver is operable to receive information related to vehicle payment information related to required payment for the vehicle to park in a space associated with the charging apparatus. 5. The charging apparatus of claim 2, wherein said arm includes a communication receiver is operable to receive information related to vehicle credentials related to authorization of the vehicle to park in a space associated with the charging apparatus. 6. The charging apparatus of claim 1, wherein said plug is adapted to transfer power to or from the vehicle. 7. The charging apparatus of claim 1, wherein said plug comprises a primary side of a power transformer adapted to be engaged with a secondary side of a power transformer associated with the vehicle receptacle, and when engaged completes a magnetic core power transformer interconnected to the external power grid and adapted to transfer power to the vehicle. 8. The charging apparatus of claim 7, wherein a turns ratio of the primary and secondary sides of the power transformer are selected based on a charging/discharging voltages associated with the vehicle and the charging apparatus. 9. The charging apparatus of claim 1, wherein said plug comprises a transmitter/receiver adapted to transmit/receive information to/from the vehicle through a corresponding transmitter/receiver in the vehicle receptacle. 10. The charging apparatus of claim 9, wherein said transmitter/receiver is an optical transceiver. 11. The charging apparatus of claim 9, wherein said transmitter/receiver transmits information to the vehicle to provide remote control of one or more vehicle functions. 12. The charging apparatus of claim 1, wherein said arm comprises at least one pressure sensor mounted adjacent to said plug that outputs a signal indicative of pressure that is applied to said plug, and wherein said signal is indicative of proper alignment between said plug and receptacle. 13. The charging apparatus of claim 1, wherein the external power source comprises a solar collector and high-frequency AC inverter, and wherein power is transferred to the vehicle at an AC frequency significantly higher than 60 Hz. 14. A vehicle receptacle assembly interconnected with at least one vehicle battery and adapted to receive a plug assembly to connect the vehicle to an external power source and charge the battery, comprising: a horn-shaped guide surface having an opening with a first diameter and a rear surface with a second diameter, the second diameter smaller than the first diameter; and a secondary side of a power transformer adjacent to said rear surface and adapted to be engaged with a primary side of a power transformer associated with the plug assembly, and when engaged completes a ferrite core transformer interconnected to an external power source. 15. The vehicle receptacle assembly of claim 14, wherein a turns ratio of the primary and secondary sides of the power transformer are selected based on a charging/discharging voltage associated with the vehicle. 16. The vehicle receptacle assembly of claim 14, further comprising a transmitter/receiver interconnected to said rear surface that is adapted to transmit/receive information to/from the vehicle through a corresponding transmitter/receiver in the plug assembly. 17. The vehicle receptacle assembly of claim 14, wherein said transmitter/receiver is an optical transceiver. 18. The vehicle receptacle assembly of claim 17, wherein said transmitter/receiver receives information from the plug assembly that provides instructions related to control of one or more vehicle functions. 19. The vehicle receptacle assembly of claim 14, further comprising a cover plate mounted adjacent to said horn-shaped guide surface and movable to cover said opening when the vehicle is not to be charged. 20. The vehicle receptacle assembly of claim 14 integrated with a vehicle license plate mounting. 21. A method of charging/discharging a battery in vehicle at least partially powered by a battery, comprising: providing an optical target associated with a charging apparatus; receiving one or more visual beams from the vehicle at the optical target; detecting that the vehicle is aligned in the charging position; moving a plug assembly to engage with a vehicle receptacle; and when the plug assembly is engaged with the vehicle receptacle, charging or discharging the battery. 22. The method as in claim 21, wherein said step of moving comprises: receiving information related to a receptacle height of the vehicle; adjusting a height of the plug assembly based in said receptacle height information; and extending the plug assembly to engage with the vehicle receptacle. 23. The method as in claim 22, wherein said step of extending comprises: receiving a signal from at least one pressure sensor in the plug assembly; and adjusting at least one of elevation and yaw of the plug assembly based on the signal. 