An apparatus for inhibiting the formation of tropical cyclones, comprising an elongated rigid tube through which cooler water is pumped from below to the near-ocean surface, thereby depriving incipient tropical cyclones of the heat energy they require for further development. The tube contains a pump comprising a fixed flap valve and a movable flap valve. The movable flap valve is attached to a drive disk encircling the tube at a depth where ambient waters have little vertical motion. The wave-driven vertical motion of the elongated tube causes the movable flap valve to oscillate with respect to the fixed flap valve, thereby pumping seawater upward onto the near-ocean surface. The apparatus also can navigate to alternative locations by means of a propulsion/steering system, and it can submerge to a safe depth to avoid oncoming vessels and potentially damaging seas. A fleet of apparatuses is required to provide the necessary cooling effect.
Claims 1. An apparatus for transporting cooler seawater from below the ocean surface to the near ocean surface, comprising: a. a containing device, comprising an elongated rigid tube, open at both ends, for containing said cooler seawater during its transport; b. at least one flotation device at or near the top end of said rigid tube such that said apparatus floats on said ocean surface; c. at least one weighting device at or near the bottom end of said rigid tube such that said apparatus floats in a substantially vertical position; d. a pumping device within said rigid tube powered by wave energy for forcing said cooler seawater upwards through the bottom of said rigid tube and out onto said near ocean surface; 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein a flexible tube extender extends said containing device to a greater ocean depth, said tube extender, comprising a. a length of flexible tubing that may include at its top end a tubular segment of shock-absorbing material; b. the top end of said flexible tubing attached to and disposed around the bottom of said rigid tube in a sealing manner; c. a weighting device attached onto or near the bottom end of said flexible tubing such that said flexible tubing is fully extended when suspended from said rigid tube; d. a plurality of horizontally disposed ribs attached to the interior of said flexible tubing and spaced apart such that when said tube extender is fully extended, the interior of said flexible tubing is in an expanded state, whereby said rigid tube and said attached flexible tube extender provide a continuous channel for cooler seawater entering the bottom of said flexible tube extender to the proximate top of said rigid tube, with substantially no intermediate seawater leakage. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said pumping device comprises a. a fixed one-way valve through which all said sea water transported through said rigid tube passes; b. a movable one-way valve through which all said sea water transported through said rigid tube passes; c. an outer drive disk connected to said movable one-way valve, whereby said outer drive disk substantially maintains its vertical position relative to ambient seawater, while wave-driven vertical motion of said rigid tube causes said movable valve to oscillate vertically within said rigid tube, thereby causing seawater above said movable valve to be pumped upward through said rigid tube, through said fixed valve and onto said near ocean surface. 4. The apparatus according to claim 3, wherein a. said fixed one-way valve comprises a first horizontal disk with a centered cap attached to the upper end of a vertical shaft, and whose perimeter is attached in a sealed manner to the interior surface of said rigid tube; and a plurality of flap valves fabricated into the horizontal plane of said disk through which the one-way flow of seawater is upward; b. a hub-and-spoke device is disposed below said fixed valve, comprising: a plurality of spokes attached to and projecting outward from a hub, said hub mounted onto the lower end of said vertical shaft; and a bracket attaching the outer end of each said spoke to said interior surface of said rigid tube; c. said movable one-way valve is a second horizontal disk disposed between said fixed valve and said hub-and-spoke device, comprising: a bushing centered in said second horizontal disk through which said vertical shaft is slidable; a plurality of flap valves fabricated into the horizontal plane of said second disk through which the one-way flow of seawater is upward; an elastomeric, low-friction annulus attached to the outer perimeter of said second disk, said annulus forming a slidable seal with said interior surface of said rigid tube. d. said outer drive disk is a third horizontal disk that encircles the exterior of said rigid tube and is connected to said second horizontal disk by means of a plurality of rigid members projecting through vertical slots fabricated into said rigid tube, whereby said vertical shaft slides in a reciprocating manner through said bushing in said movable disk, forcing seawater upward through said flap valves. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said flotation device is a pneumatic tube surrounding and attached to the perimeter of said rigid tube at or near its upper end. 6. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said weighting device is a tube surrounding and attached to the outer perimeter of said rigid tube at or near its lower end, said tube containing material with a specific gravity exceeding that of seawater, whereby said apparatus floats in a substantially vertical position on said ocean surface. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said apparatus includes at least one device for navigating said apparatus away from its current location. 8. The apparatus according to claim 7, wherein said navigating device comprises: a. a mounting platform selected from the group: said rigid tube, a pipe coupler attached at an end of said rigid tube, and a pipe coupler that mechanically couples two separate segments of said rigid tube; b. a set of two similar steering vane panel assemblies, each said assembly mounted at substantially the same distance from the top of said rigid tube and on opposite sides of said mounting platform; c. each said steering vane panel assembly comprising an upper and lower rotatable steering vane panel and each fabricated from a substantially flat, rectangular sheet of rigid material; d. each said steering vane panel connected to and rotatable about a horizontal shaft attached to a fixed flat vertical stop, including a single horizontal shaft that may be common to both said steering vane panels; the upper said panel opening from above and rotating away from said vertical stop; and the lower said panel opening from below and rotating away from said vertical stop; e. a rotation-limiting device that limits the outward rotation of said steering vane panel away from said vertical stop; f. multiple sets of said navigational devices being vertically aligned; g. at least one electronic device to control the rotation of said steering vane panels; h. to each said electronic device, a means for generating encoded instructions on when and for how long to prevent the outward rotation of said steering vane panel; and i. an electrical energy source to power each said electronic device. 9. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the outer edge of each said steering vane panel has a bevel and a flare such that when water flows over said panel away from its rotational axis, water impinging on said flare rotates said panel inward against said vertical stop; and when water flows over said panel toward its rotational axis, water impinging upon said bevel rotates said panel outward until limited by a rotation-limiting device, whereby water pushing continually against an outward rotated panel causes said apparatus to move substantially in the direction of the leading edge of said panel. 10. The apparatus according to claim 9, wherein said rotation-limiting device comprises a rope-clamp solenoid assembly comprising: a. a measured length of rope with a first stop attached at one end; b. the unclamped end of said rope passing serially through: said steering vane panel; a first fairlead mounted on said vertical stop; said vertical stop; a second fairlead mounted on said vertical stop opposite said first fairlead; on at least one steering-vane panel in each steering-vane panel assembly, a rope-clamping device; a second stop; and a weighted container attached to the end of said rope; c. said second stop clamped on said rope and disposed such that when said steering vane panel is rotated outward to its maximum desired angle, further rotation is restrained by said first and second stops; d. said rope-clamping device, comprises: i. a solenoid, with a pulling-plunger; ii. the linear segment of a D-ring affixed to the exposed end of said plunger; said solenoid oriented and mounted on the surface of said vertical stop such that the opening of said D-ring is aligned with the opening of said second fairlead; and said D-ring is parallel with said vertical stop; iii. a ribbed clamping strip, attached to said solenoid housing, traversing the inside of said D-ring and is disposed with its ribbed face facing the inner curved segment of said D-ring, whereby when said solenoid is energized, said rope is pressed between said inner curved segment of said D-ring and said ribbed clamping strip, thereby holding said rope in place and preventing outward rotation of said steering vane panel, causing said rigid tube to rotate, enabling said apparatus to proceed in a different direction; and iv. said weighted container, slidable within a travel-guide tube and preventing slack in said rope while said steering vane panel is rotating toward said vertical stop; e. a directional switch to restrict energizing of said rope-clamp solenoid to the period after an upstroke of said rigid cylinder has been completed and before its downstroke has begun; and f. electronic devices for controlling said rope-clamping device comprising a printed circuit board containing a processor and a memory with encoded instructions; and g. an electronic devices selected from the group: global positioning system, whereby the actual global position of said apparatus is compared with the desired global position, and said printed circuit board signals said rope-clamping device to engage as necessary to reorient said apparatus toward said desired global position; antenna and receiver for receiving electronic signals from a remote location, whereby said desired global position is received remotely, signaled to said printed circuit board, which signals said rope-clamping device to engage as necessary to reorient said apparatus toward said desired global position. 11. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein a depth-control device enables said apparatus to submerge below the ocean surface and to reemerge. 12. The apparatus according to claim 11, wherein said depth-control device comprises: a. a first tank for holding pressurized air; b. a second tank containing a partial vacuum when said apparatus is floating on the ocean surface; c. a third tank for holding water ballast; d. a one-way air pump for pumping air from said second tank to said first tank; e. a first one-way solenoid air valve for controlling airflow from said first tank to said second tank; f. a two-way solenoid air valve for controlling airflow between said second tank and said third tank; g. a second one-way solenoid air valve for controlling airflow via an air tube leading from the atmosphere above the ocean surface to said second tank, whereby air can be replenished to the depth-control system as needed; h. a thru-hull fitting at the bottom of said third tank, whereby seawater can flow freely into and out of said third tank; i. an electronic device for measuring depth below the ocean surface; j. a directional switch to ensure that said depth-control system is returned to a ready-to-submerge state after an ascent has occurred; and k. an antenna for receiving signals from a remote location, said antenna signaling a printed circuit board that can selectively activate said air pump and said solenoid air valves, whereby when said first tank is pressurized with air, when said second tank is under partial vacuum, when said third tank is mostly emptied of water, when said air pump is off and said first one-way and said two-way solenoid air valves are closed, then said apparatus is stable on the ocean surface in its ready-to-submerge state; when said two-way solenoid air valve is opened, water enters said third tank via said thru-hull fitting causing said apparatus to submerge; when said depth-measuring device reports that desired depth is attained, said first solenoid air valve opens until said apparatus achieves neutral buoyancy, at which time said two-way solenoid air valve closes; when said first solenoid air valve opens and said two-way solenoid air valve opens, water is expelled from said third tank through said thru-hull and said apparatus ascends; after positive buoyancy is achieved, said first solenoid air valve closes, said two-way solenoid air valve closes, and said air pump pressurizes said first tank while creating a partial vacuum in said second tank, thereby returning to the ocean surface in a ready-to-submerge state; and after said apparatus has completed an ascent, as detected by said directional switch, said air pump pressurizes said first tank to create a partial vacuum in said second tank, thereby restoring said depth-control system to a ready-to-submerge state. 13. The apparatus according to claim 12, wherein components of said depth-control system are combined into a single compartmentalized tank, comprising: a. an upper, cone-shaped fairing to facilitate the laminar flow of water around said apparatus when said apparatus is ascending; b. said pressurized first tank fitted and attached to the base of said upper fairing; c. a sealed, moisture-free compartment fitted and attached to the base of said first air tank and containing: i. said one-way air pump connecting said first tank and said second tank, and with one-way flow from said second tank into said first tank; ii. said first one-way solenoid air valve connecting said first tank and said second tank, and with one-way flow into said second tank; iii. said two-way solenoid air valve connecting said second tank and said third tank; and iv. said one-way solenoid air valve connecting said second tank and atmosphere above ocean surface via said air tube; d. said second tank fitted and attached to the base of said water-free compartment; e. said third tank fitted and attached to the base of said second tank, with said two-way solenoid air valve connecting said second tank with said third tank; and said thru-hull fitting installed in the base of said third tank to enable the free flow of water into and out of said third tank; f. a lower, cone-shaped fairing fitted and attached to the base of said ballast tank and facilitating the laminar flow of water around said apparatus when said apparatus is descending; and g. a strainer installed in the apex of said lower fairing to filter out foreign objects that could create a blockage. 14. A method for inhibiting the formation of tropical cyclones, comprising: a. pumping cooler seawater from a lower ocean depth to the near ocean surface through an elongated tube that floats vertically on the ocean surface, by utilizing wave energy; b. navigating said elongated tube by means of a propulsion system powered by said wave energy in combination with a steering system; c. submerging and re-emerging said elongated tube utilizing a water-ballast system; d. providing electronic components for controlling said navigating, submerging and re-emerging functions comprising: a printed circuit board with a processor and a memory with encoded instructions; and including at least one electrical device selected from the group: global positioning system; turbulence detector; depth gauge; upper temperature sensor; lower temperature sensor; tilt meter; transmitter for signaling other apparatuses and remote receiving stations; and antenna and receiver for receiving from a remote location information and instructions by means of encoded signals; and e. providing a power-generating source, comprising: selected from the group solar cell, generator and alternator; a storage battery; and a means for controlling electrical flow from said power-generating source to said storage battery. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein said pumping seawater comprises: a. providing a rigid portion of said elongated tube; b. providing a first horizontal valve attached in a sealing manner to the upper interior wall of said rigid portion; c. providing a second horizontal valve, vertically movable in a sealable manner within said rigid portion below said first horizontal valve; and d. providing a drive disk encircling said rigid portion and connected to said second horizontal valve by rigid members projecting through vertical slots fabricated into the wall of said rigid portion; and said second horizontal valve and said drive disk disposed at a sea depth at which the ambient seawater is substantially vertically stable, whereby the distance between said fixed valve and said movable valve changes synchronously with ocean wave motion, thereby pumping cooler seawater up through said elongated tube onto said near ocean surface. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein said propulsion system comprises: a. providing steering vane sets, each set comprising a substantially identical pair of steering vane assemblies, each said assembly disposed on opposite sides of and at the same distance from the top of said rigid portion; b. providing each said assembly, comprising a flat, rigid vertical member attached to a horizontal shaft mounted orthogonally onto said rigid tube, and two substantially similar upper and lower steering vane panels, mounted vertically opposed onto said horizontal shaft, each said panel rotatable outward on said shaft away from said vertical member to a maximum angle of about 45 degrees; and c. providing a rotation-limiting device for suppressing the outward rotation of at least one lower steering vane panel in each said steering vane set, whereby when said elongated tube is ascending through ocean water, said lower vane panels are urged against said vertical member, while said upper vane panels are rotated away from said vertical member, thereby urging said elongated tube to move upward and laterally in the direction of the leading edge of said upper vane panels; when said elongated tube is descending through ocean water, said upper vane panels are urged against said vertical member, while said lower vane panels are rotated away from said vertical member, thereby urging said elongated tube to move downward and laterally in the direction of the leading edge of said lower vane panels, both said lateral movements being in substantially the same horizontal direction; and when said rotation-limiting device is activated, said elongated tube is reoriented toward a different compass direction. 18. The method according to claim 14 providing a water-ballast system comprising: a pressurized air chamber; a vacuum chamber; a water-ballast chamber with a thru-hull fitting; and electrical devices, comprising a depth-measuring device, an air pump capable of pumping air from said vacuum chamber to said pressurized air chamber, a one-way solenoid air valve connecting said air-pressurized chamber with said vacuum chamber, and a two-way solenoid air valve connecting said vacuum chamber and said water-ballast chamber, and a directional switch, whereby when said air chamber is pressurized, said vacuum chamber is under partial vacuum, said water-ballast chamber is mostly emptied of water, said air pump is off and said one-way and said two-way solenoid air valves are closed, said apparatus floats in its ready-to-submerge state on the ocean surface; when said two-way solenoid air valve opens, water enters said water-ballast chamber via said thru-hull fitting, causing said rigid tube to submerge; when said depth-measuring device signals desired depth attained, said first solenoid air valve opens and remains open until neutral buoyancy is achieved, at which time said two-way solenoid air valve closes; when said one-way and two-way solenoid air valves open, water is expelled from said ballast chamber through said thru-hull fitting and said rigid tube ascends; after positive buoyancy is achieved, said one-way and two-way solenoid air valves close and said air pump pressurizes said air-pressurized chamber while creating a partial vacuum in said vacuum chamber, thereby returning said rigid tube to the ocean surface in a ready-to-submerge state; and whenever said directional switch detects that said rigid tube has ascended, procedures are initiated to return said depth control system to a ready-to-submerge state. 19. A method for generating electricity from wave motion, comprising: a. generating electricity from the group generator, dynamo and alternator, said electricity-generating device disposed transversely within an elongated rigid tube, having a spindle extending from one end of its rotor shaft and a drive gear mounted on the opposing end of said rotor shaft; b. providing a reduction gear set comprising a smaller gear centered and attached side-by-side to a larger gear; said gear set mounted on an axle mounted to a bracket affixed to the drive-gear end of said electricity-generating device; said drive gear meshing with said larger gear in said reduction gear set; c. providing a rack mount and a guide channel mounted longitudinally on opposing interior walls of said elongated rigid tube; d. providing a channel grooved longitudinally into said rack mount, with a first rack mounted onto one side of said rack mount channel and a second rack mounted parallel to said first rack on the opposing side of said channel; with the distance between said parallel racks exceeding the maximum diameter of said smaller gear in said reduction gear set by some small distance, delta; and the width of said guide channel exceeding the diameter of said spindle by said distance delta; e. providing a pair of slide shaft blocks mounted on opposing sides of said generator housing orthogonal to said rotor shaft; and each slide shaft block containing a centered, outward-facing bore; f. providing the outer ends of each said slide shaft attached to a powered device that travels longitudinally along the outside of said elongated rigid tube; said slide shafts project through vertical slots fabricated into said elongated rigid tube; said slots are parallel to and have substantially the same length as said racks; and the unattached ends of said slide shafts project into and are slidable within said bores of said slide shaft blocks; g. providing a means for sliding said generator and said slide shafts such that, when said powered device is moving vertically in one direction, said small gear of said reduction gear set is rotated by said first rack; and when said powered device is moving vertically in the opposite direction, said small gear of said reduction gear set is rotated in the same direction by said second rack; and said spindle is guided by corresponding side of said guide channel, whereby the generator is rotated in the same direction irrespective of the direction of motion of the powered device along said rigid tube. 20. The method according to claim 19, wherein said means for sliding said generator and said slide shafts is selected from the group mechanical means and electrical means. 