The present invention relates to a method and assay useful for determining the sensitivity of the cells of a subject to genetic damage from electromagnetic radiation. The assay may comprise a substrate suitable for mounting a sample of lymphocytes from a subject and an electromagnetic radiation source.
Claims 1. An assay to determine the sensitivity of the cells of a subject to genetic damage from electromagnetic (EM) radiation, the assay comprising: a substrate suitable for mounting a sample of lymphocytes from said subject; and an electromagnetic (EM) radiation source. 2. The assay of claim 1, wherein the electromagnetic radiation source is an ultraviolet radiation source. 3. The assay of claim 1, comprising a sample of lymphocytes from said subject mounted on said substrate. 4. The assay of claim 3, in which the lymphocytes comprise a mixture of 70% to 80% large granular lymphocytes and small lymphocytes and 15% to 30% monocytes. 5. The assay of claim 1, wherein the substrate has a planar surface for mounting the cells. 6. The assay of claim 1, wherein the substrate is a glass, plastic or metal slide, or a silicon chip. 7. The assay of claim 1, wherein the substrate is a microfluidics-based array or microarray. 8. The assay of claim 1, comprising a mounting medium suitable for mounting said lymphocytes. 9. The assay of claim 8, wherein the mounting medium is a gel. 10. The assay of claim 8, wherein the lymphocytes are mounted within said medium and are contained predominantly within the mounting medium. 11. The assay of claim 8, wherein the mounting medium is suitable for performing electrophoresis. 12. The assay of claim 1, comprising an EM radiation-permeable barrier material interposed between the sample of lymphocytes and the EM radiation source. 13. The assay of claim 12, wherein the EM radiation-permeable barrier is a substance which allows at least a portion of the EM radiation to pass through it to the sample of lymphocytes. 14. The assay of claim 8, comprising an EM radiation-permeable barrier material interposed between the sample of lymphocytes and the EM radiation source, wherein the EM radiation-permeable barrier material is formed at least in part from the same substance as the mounting medium. 15. The assay of claim 12, wherein the EM radiation-permeable barrier is built up as a laminate structure composed of layers of the same or differing materials. 16. The assay of claim 12, wherein the EM radiation-permeable barrier is made up of layers of from about 10 .mu.m to 100 .mu.m in thickness to give a total barrier thickness of from about 10 .mu.m to 1000 .mu.m. 17. The assay of claim 16, wherein the assay comprises from 1 to 10 layers of an EM radiation-permeable barrier, each layer being from 10 .mu.m to 100 .mu.m thick. 18. The assay of claim 12, comprising a plurality of lymphocyte samples, each having a different thickness of EM radiation-permeable barrier provided on them. 19. The assay of claim 1, wherein the EM radiation source is able to emit UV radiation at least partially within the range of UV present in solar radiation. 20. The assay of claim 19, wherein the EM radiation source is able to emit both UVA and UVB. 21. The assay of claim 19, wherein the EM radiation source emits UVA. 22. The assay of claim 19, wherein the EM radiation source is able to substantially mimic the UV spectrum and intensity of solar radiation experienced at the surface of the earth. 23. The assay of claim 1, comprising means to detect genetic damage in said lymphocytes. 24. The assay of claim 23, wherein the means to detect genetic damage is means to perform a comet assay. 25. The assay of claim 1, comprising a test substance provided between the substrate and the EM radiation source. 26. The assay of claim 1, wherein the subject is a human. 27. A method of assaying the sensitivity of cells of a subject to genetic damage from electromagnetic radiation, the method comprising: mounting a sample of lymphocytes from said subject on a substrate; irradiating the sample of lymphocytes with electromagnetic radiation; and detecting genetic damage in at least a portion of the sample of lymphocytes. 28. The method of claim 27, wherein the electromagnetic radiation is UV radiation. 29. The method of claim 27, wherein the sample of lymphocytes is mounted on said substrate in a mounting medium. 30. The method of claim 27, comprising providing an EM radiation-permeable barrier on or adjacent to the sample of lymphocytes. 31. The method of claim 30, comprising providing one or more layers of the barrier on or adjacent to the mounted sample of lymphocytes. 32. The method of claim 27, wherein overall genomic damage is detected. 33. The method of claim 32, wherein overall genomic damage is detected via a comet assay. 34. The method of claim 27, comprising obtaining a sample of lymphocytes from said subject. 35. The method of claim 27, comprising comparing the genetic damage of the sample with a set of predetermined values to assess the subject's sensitivity to EM radiation-induced genetic damage. 36. The method of claim 27, further comprising providing an EM radiation-permeable barrier between the sample of lymphocytes and the EM radiation source. 37. The method of claim 27, comprising providing a test substance between the sample of lymphocytes and the EM radiation source. 38. An assay to determine the ability of a test substance to prevent EM radiation damage to the cells of a subject, the assay comprising: a substrate suitable for mounting a sample of lymphocytes from said subject; a source of EM radiation; and means for providing a test substrate between said EM radiation source and said substrate. 39. A method of determining the ability of a test substance to prevent EM radiation damage to the cells of a subject, the method comprising: mounting a sample of lymphocytes from said subject on a substrate; providing an EM radiation source; providing a sample of said test substance between said EM radiation source and said sample of lymphocytes; activating said source of EM radiation such that said test substance is irradiated and radiation passing through said substance irradiates said sample of lymphocytes; and detecting genetic damage to the lymphocytes. 40. The assay of claim 38, wherein the test substance is a sun cream or sun block. 41. The assay of claim 38, wherein the test substance is a layer of fabric, polymer or glass. 42. The assay of claim 38, wherein the test substance is applied to the surface of cells mounted on the substrate. 43. Use of the assay of claim 1 in a method of determining the predisposition of a subject to developing cancer or in diagnosing cancer in a subject. 44. The method of claim 43 for determining the predisposition to developing, or diagnosing, a skin cancer. 45. The method of claim 44, wherein the skin cancer is melanoma. 46. The method of claim 39, further comprising comparing the results of the method with predetermined values, or patterns of values, and determining from the comparison a relevant diagnostic result. 