A deployable solar panel system includes a plurality of solar cell panels that are mechanically and electrically coupled to each other prior to shipment to an installation site, folded in a stacking arrangement within a packaging container for shipment to the installation site, and then unfolded to deploy the solar cell panels at a desired tilt angle during installation at the installation site. In one embodiment, the solar cell panels are mechanically coupled to each other using a hinge assembly, such as a hinge bracket and hinge pin. Each solar cell panel system is electrically coupled to each other using a series string. The series string may be electrically coupled to a DC-DC converter and/or a DC-AC inverter.
Claims 1. A deployable solar panel system comprising a plurality of solar cell panels that are mechanically and electrically coupled to each other prior to shipment to an installation site, the plurality of solar cell panel capable of being folded in a stacking arrangement within a packaging container for shipment to the installation site, and unfolded at a desired tilt angle during installation of the solar panel system at the installation site. 2. The system according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of solar cell panels are mechanically coupled to each other prior to shipment to the installation site by use of a hinge assembly. 3. The system according to claim 2, wherein the hinge assembly comprises at least one hinge bracket and a hinge pin inserted through the hinge bracket. 4. The system according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of solar cell panels are electrically coupled to each other in a series string prior to shipment to the installation site. 5. The system according to claim 4, wherein the series string is electrically coupled to one of a DC-DC converter and a DC-AC inverter. 6. The system according to claim 1, further comprising at least one mounting channel with at least one aperture capable of receiving a fastening member. 7. The system according to claim 6, further comprising a foot member that is capable of being receiving within the mounting channel, the foot member including an aperture for receiving the fastening member to position the plurality of solar cell panels at the desired tilt angle. 8. A method of installing a deployable solar cell system comprising: mechanically and electrically coupling a plurality of solar cell panels to each other prior to shipment to an installation site; folding the plurality of solar cell panels in a stacking arrangement within a packaging container for shipment to the installation site, and unfolding the plurality of solar cell panels to a desired tilt angle during installation at the installation site. 9. The method according to claim 8, wherein the plurality of solar cell panels are mechanically coupled to each other by a hinge assembly. 10. The method according to claim 8, wherein the plurality of solar cell panels are electrically coupled to each other by a series string. 