An exemplary embodiment of the present invention provides a solar panel roof-ridge mounting system for use in mounting one or more solar panels to a roof of a building. The system can comprise a base plate and a plurality of attachment members coupled to the base plate. The base plate can be configured to interface with a deck of the roof at a roof-ridge. The base plate can comprise a first side and an opposing second side. The first side can be configured for placement adjacent a first side of the roof-ridge, and the second side can be configured for placement adjacent an opposing second side of the roof-ridge. The attachment members can be configured to couple the roof-ridge mounting system to a support system of the one or more solar panels.
Claims 1. A solar panel roof-ridge mounting system for use in mounting one or more solar panels to a roof of a building, the system comprising: a base plate configured to interface with a deck of the roof at a roof-ridge, the base plate comprising a first side and an opposing second side, the first side configured for placement adjacent a first side of the roof-ridge and the second side configured for placement adjacent an opposing second side of the roof-ridge; a plurality of attachment members coupled to the base plate, the attachment members configured to couple the roof-ridge mounting system to a support system of the one or more solar panels; and a plurality of apertures in the base plate, the plurality of apertures for receiving a fastener for attaching the base plate to the deck of the roof. 2. The solar panel roof-ridge mounting system of claim 1, wherein each attachment member in the plurality of attachment members comprises a first end, a second end and at least one aperture between the first end and the second end. 3. The solar panel roof-ridge mounting system of claim 2, further comprising a connection member passing through the at least one aperture of at least two of the plurality of attachment members. 4. The solar panel roof-ridge mounting system of claim 3, wherein the connection member is arranged substantially parallel to at least one of the first side and the second side of the base plate. 5. The solar panel roof-ridge mounting system of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of the base plate between the first side and the second side is flexible to accommodate various pitch angles of the roof-ridge. 6. The solar panel roof-ridge mounting system of claim 1, wherein the baseplate comprises an alignment guide for aligning the base plate, the alignment guide comprising a first alignment point on a first end of the base plate and a second alignment point on a second end of the base plate, wherein the first and second alignment points are positioned on the base plate such that when the first and second alignment points are positioned proximate the roof-ridge, the first side of the base plate is substantially parallel to the roof-ridge. 7. The solar panel roof-ridge mounting system of claim 1, wherein the base plate further comprises a plurality of ventilation apertures for providing fluid communication between a space beneath the deck and an ambient atmosphere above the deck. 8. The solar panel roof-ridge mounting system of claim 1, further comprising a cap comprised of a hydrophobic material, the cap positioned substantially above the base plate to substantially prevent rain water from entering the plurality of apertures in the base plate. 9. A method of attaching one or more solar panels to a roof, the method comprising placing a roof-ridge mounting system along a roof-ridge of the roof, such that a first side of the roof-ridge mounting system is positioned substantially on a first side of the roof-ridge and an opposing second side of the roof-ridge mounting system is positioned substantially on an second side of the roof-ridge; attaching the roof-ridge mounting system to a deck of the roof; coupling the one or more solar panels to a structural member of a solar panel support system; and attaching a first end of the structural member to the roof-ridge mounting system proximate the first side of the roof-ridge mounting system. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein placing the roof-ridge mounting system along the roof-ridge comprises bending at least a portion of the roof-ridge mounting system between the first and second sides of the roof-ridge mounting system such that the first and second sides form an angle substantially equal to an angle formed by the first and second sides of the roof-ridge. 11. The method of claim 9, wherein attaching the roof-ridge mounting system to the deck comprises inserting one or more fasteners into the deck through one or more apertures in a base plate of the roof-ridge mounting system. 12. The method of claim 9, wherein the roof-ridge mounting system comprises a plurality of attachment members positioned along the first side of the roof-ridge mounting system, each attachment member in the plurality of attachment members comprising an aperture, wherein attaching a first end of the structural member to the roof-ridge mounting system comprises: inserting a connection member through the apertures in the plurality of attachment members; and placing a hook on the first end of the structural member around at least a portion of the connection member. 13. The method of claim 9, wherein the roof-ridge mounting system comprises a plurality of attachment members positioned along the first side of the roof-ridge mounting system, each attachment member in the plurality of attachment members comprising an aperture, wherein attaching a first end of the structural member to the roof-ridge mounting system comprises: aligning a plurality of apertures on the first end of the structural member with the apertures on the plurality of attachment members; and inserting a connection member through both the apertures on the first end of the structural member and the apertures on the plurality of attachment members. 14. The method of claim 9, further comprising attaching a hydrophobic cap over the roof-ridge mounting system, the cap substantially covering all penetrations in the deck of the roof used to attach the roof-ridge mounting system to the deck. 15. The method of claim 9, further comprising coupling a harness of a user to the roof-ridge mounting system. 16. The method of claim 9, further comprising: attaching a hoist to the roof-ridge mounting system; and hoisting the one or more solar panels with the hoist from a first location to a location proximate the roof-ridge mounting system. 17. The method of claim 9, wherein placing the roof-ridge mounting system along the roof-ridge comprises: aligning a first alignment point on a base plate of the roof-ridge mounting system with roof-ridge; and aligning a second alignment point on the base plate with the roof-ridge, wherein after aligning the first and second alignment points, the first side of the roof-ridge mounting system is substantially parallel to the roof-ridge. 18. The method of claim 9, wherein the one or more solar panels is attached to the roof without any penetrations to the deck of the roof beneath the one or more solar panels. 19. The method of claim 9, further comprising attaching a second end of the structural member to the roof deck. 20. A solar panel roof-ridge mounting system for use in mounting one or more solar panels to a roof of a building, the system comprising: a base plate configured to interface with a deck of the roof at a roof-ridge, the base plate comprising a first side and an opposing second side, the first side configured for placement adjacent a first side of the roof-ridge and the second side configured for placement adjacent an opposing second side of the roof-ridge; a plurality of attachment members coupled to the base plate, the attachment members configured to couple the roof-ridge mounting system to a support system of the one or more solar panels, each attachment member in the plurality of attachment members comprising a first end, a second end and at least one aperture between the first end and the second end; a plurality of apertures in the base plate, the plurality of apertures for receiving a fastener for attaching the base plate to the deck of the roof; and a connection member passing through the at least one aperture of at least two of the plurality of attachment members, the connection member arranged substantially parallel to at least one of the first side and the second side of the base plate. 