A solar cell receiver for use in a concentrating solar system which concentrates the solar energy onto a solar cell for converting solar energy to electricity. The solar cell receiver may include a solar cell mounted on a support and with one or more III-V compound semiconductor layers. An optical element may be positioned over the solar cell and have an optical channel with an inlet that faces away from the solar cell and an outlet that faces towards the solar cell. A frame may be positioned over the support and extend around the solar cell with the frame having an inner side that extends above the support and faces towards the optical element. An encapsulant may be positioned over the support and contained between the optical element and the frame. The encapsulant may have enlarged heights at contact points with the optical element and the frame and a reduced height between the contact points away from the optical element and the frame. The solar cell receiver may be used in a solar cell module.
Claims 1. A solar cell receiver for use in a concentrating solar system which concentrates the solar energy onto a solar cell for converting solar energy to electricity, comprising: a support; a solar cell mounted on the support and comprising one or more III-V compound semiconductor layers; an optical element positioned over the solar cell on an opposite side from the support, the optical element defining an optical channel and including an enlarged inlet that faces away from the solar cell and a reduced outlet that faces towards the solar cell; a frame positioned over the support and having a height above the support that is greater than the solar cell, the frame extending around and enclosing the solar cell in an interior space; and an encapsulant contained within the interior space between the optical element and the frame and covering portions of the support and the solar cell, the encapsulant having an enlarged fillet height at each of the optical element and the frame. 2. The solar cell receiver of claim 1, wherein the fillet height is in a range of between about 1.0 mm to 3.0 mm and an intermediate section of the encapsulant has a height in a range of between about 0.50 mm to 1.0 mm. 3. The solar cell receiver of claim 2, wherein the fillet height at the optical element is different than the fillet height at the frame. 4. The solar cell receiver of claim 1, further comprising first and second electrical terminals mounted on the support and forming anode and cathode connections each with receptacles to couple to adjacent solar cell receivers, the first and second electrical contacts being covered by the frame. 5. The solar cell receiver of claim 1, wherein the optical element has a tapered shape with the inlet including a larger cross-sectional area than the outlet. 6. The solar cell receiver of claim 5, wherein an inner side of the frame that faces towards the optical element includes a tapered shape that angles in a common direction as the optical element. 7. The solar cell receiver of claim 1, further comprising bonding wires that extend between the solar cell and the support, the bonding wires being completely covered by the encapsulant. 8. The solar cell receiver of claim 7, wherein the encapsulant covers the bonding wires and extends above the bonding wires by a height in a range of between about 0.20 mm to 0.50 mm. 9. The solar cell receiver of claim 1, wherein the support is a ceramic substrate having first and second opposed metalized surfaces with the encapsulant directly contacting against the first metalized surface. 10. The solar cell receiver of claim 1, further comprising a transparent adhesive disposed between the optical element and the solar cell, the transparent adhesive preventing the encapsulant from being positioned between the optical element and the solar cell. 11. A solar cell receiver for use in a concentrating solar system which concentrates the solar energy onto a solar cell for converting solar energy to electricity, comprising: a support; a solar cell mounted on the support and comprising one or more III-V compound semiconductor layers; an optical element positioned over the solar cell and having an optical channel with an inlet that faces away from the solar cell and an outlet that faces towards the solar cell; a frame positioned over the support and extending around the solar cell, the frame having an inner side that extends above the support and faces towards the optical element with the inner side being positioned between 2.0 mm to 5.0 mm away from the optical element; and an encapsulant positioned over the support and contained between the optical element and the frame, the encapsulant having enlarged heights at contact points with the optical element and the frame of between about 1.0 mm to 3.0 mm and a reduced height between the contact points away from the optical element and the frame. 12. The solar cell receiver of claim 11, further comprising bonding wires that extend outward from the solar cell and are positioned above the support, the encapsulant covering the bonding wires. 13. The solar cell receiver of claim 11, wherein the frame includes a hollow interior that is filled with a material to prevent leakage of the encapsulant. 14. The solar cell receiver of claim 11, wherein the frame extends over a connection terminal that is mounted to and extends upward above the support. 15. The solar cell receiver of claim 11, wherein the support is mounted on a heat sink and at least a portion of the frame is positioned directly over the heat sink and away from the support. 16. The solar cell receiver of claim 11, wherein each of the inner side of the frame and the support are substantially flat with the inner side being perpendicular to the support. 17. A method of making a solar cell receiver, comprising: mounting a solar cell on a support with the solar cell comprising one or more III-V compound semiconductor layers; mounting bond wires between the solar cell and the support; mounting an optical element defining an optical channel over the solar cell so that the solar cell is in the optical path of the optical channel; mounting a frame on the support that surrounds the solar cell and defines an enclosed interior space between the frame and the optical element; introducing a fluid encapsulant in the enclosed interior space between the frame and the optical element and encapsulating at least a portion of the solar cell, the bond wires, and at least a portion of the optical element, the fluid encapsulant having an increased surface tension and forming enlarged fillets at the optical element and the frame and a reduced intermediate section with the fillets having a greater height above the support than the intermediate section; and curing the fluid encapsulant. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising positioning the frame over a connection terminal that is mounted on support with the frame completely surrounding the connection terminal. 19. The method of claim 17, further comprising applying a sealant around an exterior of the frame and preventing the encapsulant from leaking from the enclosed interior space. 20. The method of claim 17, further comprising attaching a secondary optical element to the support and over the optical element with a bracket that extends over a top side of the frame. 21. A solar cell module to convert light to electricity comprising: a housing with a plurality of lenses that form an enclosed interior space; a plurality of solar cell receivers connected to the housing and spaced away from the plurality of lenses, each of the plurality of solar cell receivers comprising: a ceramic substrate having a first metalized surface and an opposing second metalized surface, the first metalized surface having separate conductive regions; a III-V compound semiconductor multijunction solar cell having an anode terminal electrically connected to a first one of the conductive regions of the ceramic substrate and a cathode terminal electrically connected to a second one of the conductive regions; a bypass diode connected across the first and second conductive regions of the ceramic substrate in parallel with the solar cell; a first optical element positioned above the solar cell and including a tapered shape with a larger inlet that faces away from the solar cell and a smaller outlet that faces towards the solar cell; a second optical element positioned above the solar cell; a frame positioned over the ceramic substrate and having a height above the ceramic substrate that is greater than the solar cell, the frame extending around and enclosing the solar cell in an interior space; and an encapsulant contained within the interior space between the second optical element and the frame and covering portions of the ceramic substrate and the solar cell, the encapsulant having an enlarged fillet height at each of the second optical element and the frame; each of said solar cell receivers, first optical elements, and second optical elements being disposed in an optical path of one of the plurality of lenses, wherein the lens, the first optical element, and the second optical element concentrate the light onto the respective solar cell by a factor of 1000 or more to generate in excess of 25 watts of peak power. 