A method for improving ground movement capability and enhancing stealth in unmanned aerial vehicles is provided. The present method comprises providing, in an unmanned aerial vehicle equipped with wheels, one or more onboard drive means capable of translating torque through the vehicle wheels and controllable to move the unmanned aerial vehicle on the ground without reliance on the unmanned aerial vehicle main motive power source. The onboard drive means is controllably powered by a power source with substantially no acoustic signature to move the unmanned aerial vehicle quietly on the ground with only a minimal audible or visible footprint. This method provides a significant expansion of ground movement capability and expands the potential ground uses of unmanned aerial vehicles, particularly in military applications. The present method can also be applied to move any manned aerial vehicle or aircraft on the ground with only minimal audible or visible footprints.
Claims 1. A method for improving ground travel operations, extending ground travel capability, and enhancing stealth in an unmanned aerial vehicle comprising: a. providing an unmanned aerial vehicle with a main source of motive power and wheels useful for moving the vehicle on a ground surface; b. providing at least one onboard drive means capable of driving torque through a wheel and controllable to drive an unmanned aerial vehicle and mounting said at least one drive means so that the drive means is controllable to drive at least one of the unmanned aerial vehicle wheels with a minimum possible acoustic signature; c. providing a source of power separate from the unmanned aerial vehicle main source of motive power to drive said at least one onboard drive means and move the unmanned aerial vehicle on the ground surface with the minimum possible acoustic signature; and d. providing control means operable from an external location remote from said unmanned aerial vehicle to control operation of said at least one drive means to direct power from said source of power to said at least one onboard drive means to drive torque through said at least one wheel and controlling said control means to cause the unmanned aerial vehicle to move independently on the ground surface in a desired direction and at a desired speed with the minimum possible acoustic signature. 2. The method described in claim 1, wherein an onboard drive means is controllably mounted to drive each of the unmanned aerial vehicle wheels. 3. The method described in claim 1, wherein the unmanned aerial vehicle main source of power comprises an internal combustion engine and the source of power separate from the main source of power comprises a source of electric power. 4. The method described in claim 3, wherein the source of electric power comprises an auxiliary power unit, batteries, fuel cells, solar power, POWER CHIPS.TM., and burn boxes. 5. The method described in claim 1, wherein said onboard drive means is selected from the group comprising electric induction motors, permanent magnet brushless DC motors, switched reluctance motors, hydraulic pump/motor assemblies, and pneumatic motors. 6. The method described in claim 5, wherein said onboard drive means comprises a high phase order electric motor capable of driving a commercial sized aircraft independently on the ground. 7. The method described in claim 1, wherein the unmanned aerial vehicle is selected from the group comprising fixed wing unmanned aerial vehicles, rotor driven unmanned aerial vehicles, and hybrid unmanned aerial vehicles. 8. The method described in claim 1, further comprising operating said control means from said location remote from the unmanned aerial vehicle to move said unmanned aerial vehicle on the ground surface. 9. The method described in claim 1, wherein said control means comprises an intelligent control system, and said control means is controlled remotely from said unmanned aerial vehicle to move the unmanned aerial vehicle on the ground surface at a desired speed and in a desired direction with the minimum possible acoustic signature. 10. The method described in claim 1, further comprising providing the unmanned aerial vehicle with an array of sensors to obtain information about a selected ground environment; using the main source of power to fly the unmanned aerial vehicle to a selected ground location and landing the unmanned aerial vehicle in the selected ground location; turning off the main power source; controlling the separate power source to supply power to the onboard drive means; controlling the onboard drive means to drive the unmanned aerial vehicle over the ground surface to a desired location in the ground environment; parking the unmanned aerial vehicle in said desired location and activating the array of sensors to obtain information; and controlling the main source of power to cause the unmanned aerial vehicle to take off and fly away from the desired location when the information has been obtained and communicated. 11. The method described in claim 10, further comprising when the unmanned aerial vehicle has been moved to the desired location, controlling the array of sensors to enter a hibernation mode until a preset input is measured, parking the unmanned aerial vehicle in the desired location during a time period while the sensors are in hibernation mode, when the preset input is measured, awaking the sensors from hibernation mode, and controlling the onboard drive means to move the unmanned aerial vehicle to the selected location or to another location. 12. The method described in claim 11, wherein the time period the unmanned aerial vehicle is parked ranges from several hours to several weeks. 13. The method described in claim 1, wherein the unmanned aerial vehicle is provided with self destruction means controllable integrally by preset destruct means or remotely by an operator to self destruct when the unmanned aerial vehicle has been moved on the ground to a location where it is desired to self destruct the unmanned aerial vehicle. 14. The method described in claim 1, wherein a plurality of unmanned aerial vehicles are provided with powered onboard drive means, the plurality of unmanned aerial vehicles are controllably flown to a selected location and landed at the selected location, the onboard drive means are controllably powered by the separate power source to move the plurality of unmanned aerial vehicles over the ground without producing a visible or audible footprint to designated positions in a targeted location optimally chosen to obtain and communicate a maximum amount of information about the targeted location. 15. The method described in claim 1, wherein said ground surface comprises wet or dry hard surfaces or wet or dry soft surfaces. 16. The method described in claim 1, wherein the unmanned aerial vehicle is replaced by a piloted aircraft. 17. A method for improving ground travel operations and enhancing stealth in a piloted aerial vehicle comprising: a. providing a piloted aerial vehicle that has an arrangement of nose wheels and main wheels useful for moving the vehicle on a ground surface and a main source of motive power to operate the aerial vehicle in the air; b. providing at least one onboard drive means capable of driving torque through a wheel and controllable to drive the aerial vehicle and mounting said at least one drive means on the aerial vehicle so that the drive means is controllable to drive at least one of the aerial vehicle nose or main wheels; c. providing a source of power separate from the aerial vehicle main source of motive power to drive said at least one onboard drive means and move the aerial vehicle on the ground surface with a minimum possible acoustic signature; and d. providing control means operable by a pilot of the aerial vehicle to control operation of said at least one drive means to direct power from the separate source of power to said at least one onboard drive means to drive torque through said at least one nose or main wheel, wherein the pilot controls said control means to cause the aerial vehicle to move independently on the ground surface in a desired direction and at a desired speed with a minimum possible acoustic signature. 18. The method described in claim 17, wherein the aerial vehicle main source of power comprises an internal combustion engine and the source of power separate from the main source of power comprises a source of electric power selected from the group comprising an auxiliary power unit, batteries, fuel cells, solar power, POWER CHIPS.TM., and burn boxes; wherein said at least one onboard drive means is selected from the group comprising electric induction motors, permanent magnet brushless DC motors, switched reluctance motors, hydraulic pump/motor assemblies, and pneumatic motors; and wherein the separate source of power and the onboard drive means are selected to have the minimum possible acoustic signature. 19. The method described in claim 18, further comprising providing remote control means controllable to power said at least one drive means from a location remote from said aerial vehicle to control ground movement of said aerial vehicle separately from the operation of the control means by the aerial vehicle pilot or in conjunction with operation of the control means by the aerial vehicle pilot as required to improve ground operation or enhance stealth during ground operation of the aerial vehicle. 