An elongated purlin for use in roof structures includes an elongated mounting wall designed to be mounted to and supported on roof beams, an upright wall affixed to the mounting wall and extending longitudinally approximately the length of the mounting wall, and first and second horizontally outwardly opening channels affixed to the upright wall and extending approximately the length of the upright wall. The first and second channels open outwardly in opposite directions and each of the first and second channels is designed to receive an edge of a solar panel or roof section engaged therein.
Claims 1. An elongated purlin for use in roof structures comprising: an elongated mounting wall designed to be mounted to and supported on roof beams; an upright wall affixed to the mounting wall and extending longitudinally approximately the length of the mounting wall; and first and second horizontally outwardly opening channels affixed to the upright wall and extending approximately the length of the upright wall, the first and second channels opening outwardly in opposite directions and each of the first and second channels being designed to receive an edge of a solar panel or roof section engaged therein. 2. An elongated purlin as claimed in claim 1 wherein the elongated mounting wall, the upright wall, and the first and second channels are formed of sheet metal with a gauge in a range of 14 to 25. 3. An elongated purlin as claimed in claim 1 wherein the elongated mounting wall, the upright wall, and the first and second channels are formed of sheet steel with a gauge in a range of 14 to 25. 4. An elongated purlin as claimed in claim 1 wherein the first and second channels are defined by a first cross piece attached to the upright wall so as to extend substantially orthogonally to a plane containing the upright wall and a second cross piece attached to the upright wall so as to extend substantially orthogonally to the plane, the second cross piece being spaced from the first cross piece along the plane. 5. An elongated purlin as claimed in claim 1 wherein the mounting wall and the upright wall are defined by a C-shaped channel structure, the first and second channels are defined by an upper surface of the C-shaped channel structure and a T-shaped structure affixed to the upper surface. 6. An elongated purlin as claimed in claim 5 wherein the C-shaped channel structure and the T-shaped structure are formed as an integral unit. 7. An elongated purlin as claimed in claim 1 wherein the mounting wall and the upright wall are formed as an integral unit. 8. An elongated purlin as claimed in claim 7 wherein the first and second channels are defined by a pair of elongated C-shaped channels affixed to an upper end of the upright wall in a back-to-back orientation. 9. An elongated purlin as claimed in claim wherein the pair of elongated C-shaped channels are affixed to the upper end of the upright wall by spot welding. 10. An elongated purlin as claimed in claim 7 wherein the first and second channels are defined by a pair of elongated L-shaped angle-irons affixed to an upper end of the upright wall in an upright leg-to-upright leg orientation. 11. An elongated purlin as claimed in claim 10 wherein the pair of elongated L-shaped angle-irons are affixed to the upper end of the upright wall by spot welding. 12. An elongated purlin as claimed in claim 7 wherein the first and second channels are defined by a flat strip of sheet metal formed with a U-shaped, downwardly opening channel in a mid portion thereof, an upper end of the upright wall affixed in the U-shaped channel. 13. An elongated purlin as claimed in claim 12 wherein the U-shaped channel is affixed to the upper end of the upright wall by spot welding. 14. An elongated purlin as claimed in claim 1 wherein the mounting wall and the upright wall are formed from a single continuous strip of sheet metal, the single strip continuing upwardly and formed into the first and second channels. 15. An elongated purlin as claimed in claim 14 wherein the second channel is positioned to overlie the first channel. 16. An elongated purlin for use in roof structures comprising: an elongated mounting wall designed to be mounted to and supported on roof beams; an upright wall formed integrally with the mounting wall and extending longitudinally the length of the mounting wall; first and second horizontally outwardly opening channels affixed to the upright wall and extending the length of the upright wall, the first and second channels opening outwardly in opposite directions and each of the first and second channels being designed to receive an edge of a solar panel or roof section engaged therein; and the elongated mounting wall, the upright wall, and the first and second horizontally outwardly opening channels being formed of sheet metal and the first and second channels being one of integrally formed with the upright wall or spot welded to the upright wall. 17. A method of fabricating an elongated purlin for use in roof structures comprising: forming an elongated mounting wall designed to be mounted to and supported on roof beams; forming an upright wall integrally with the mounting wall and extending longitudinally the length of the mounting wall; and forming first and second horizontally outwardly opening channels designed to receive an edge of a solar panel or roof section engaged therein, and affixing the first and second channels to the upright wall in an outwardly opening orientation, the openings being directed in opposite directions. 18. A method as claimed in claim 17 wherein the steps of forming the elongated mounting wall, the upright wall, and the first and second horizontally outwardly opening channels includes forming of sheet metal. 19. A method as claimed in claim 17 wherein the step of affixing the first and second channels to the upright wall includes one of integrally forming the first and second channels with the upright wall or spot welding the first and second channels to the upright wall. 20. A method of fabricating an elongated purlin for use in roof structures comprising: providing an elongated strip of sheet metal; forming the elongated strip into an elongated mounting wall designed to be mounted to and supported on roof beams; forming the elongated strip into an upright wall integrally with the mounting wall and extending longitudinally the length of the mounting wall; and forming the elongated strip into first and second horizontally outwardly opening channels designed to receive an edge of a solar panel or roof section engaged therein, the first and second channels being oriented in an outwardly opening orientation and the openings being directed in opposite directions. 21. A method as claimed in claim 20 wherein the step of providing an elongated strip of sheet metal includes providing a strip of sheet metal with a gauge in a range of 14 to 25. 22. A method as claimed in claim 21 wherein the step of providing an elongated strip of sheet metal includes providing an elongated strip of sheet steel with a gauge in a range of 14 to 25. 