The present invention relates to a method for manufacturing a heat exchanger, comprising steps of manufacturing plates for an upper side and an underside of the heat exchanger, arranging a profile comprising edges and ribs in at least one of the plates, which profile, after assembly of the heat exchanger, defines a space on the inside of the heat exchanger, which space has a zigzag form for allowing a fluid to flow therethrough, fixing the plates to each other along the ribs and edges.
Claims 1. A method for manufacturing a heat exchanger, comprising the steps of: manufacturing plates for an upper side and an underside of the heat exchanger, arranging a profile comprising edges and ribs in at least one of the plates, which profile, after assembly of the heat exchanger, defines a space on the inside of the heat exchanger, which space has a zigzag form for allowing a fluid to flow therethrough; and fixing the plates to each other along the ribs and edges. 2. The method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the plates comprise metal and the profile is arranged in the plate by means of deep drawing. 3. The method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the plates preferably comprise stainless steel or another durable metal. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein for fixing purposes the plates are welded to each other. 5. The method as claimed in claim 1, further comprising the steps of arranging at least one turbulence member in at least one of the plates for the purpose of causing turbulence in the flow. 6. A solar collector, comprising: a first plate for collecting solar energy, a second plate which is fixed at least substantially along the edges on the underside of the first plate, a space between the two plates, an inlet for feeding a liquid to the space, and an outlet for discharging the liquid from the space of zigzag form, whereby the liquid can flow from the inlet to the outlet, wherein the space between the plates is formed in that a profile defining the zigzag form of the space is arranged in at least one of the plates. 7. The solar collector as claimed in claim 6, further comprising turbulence members for causing turbulence in the liquid in the space. 8. The solar collector as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a housing for placing of the plate assembly, said housing comprising: a lower wall, comprising a plastic and a framework for supporting the plate assembly and a cover plate, formed integrally, an insulation layer which is arranged on the lower wall inside a framework for supporting the plate assembly, and a cover plate being permeable to radiation and having insulating properties. 9. The solar collector as claimed in claim 8, further comprising a mounting profile extending round the periphery of the plate assembly. 10. The solar collector as claimed in claim 8, wherein the cover plate is a slightly curved plastic plate. 11. A storage container for a liquid, comprising: an inner wall and an outer wall, each comprising a bottom wall for the storage container, which are moulded from a plastic, a closing cover for closing the container which is also double-walled and filled with a foaming insulating means, a number of passage openings for passage of at least supply and discharge conduits for the liquid, a number of passage openings for passage of at least a supply and a discharge for a heat exchanger, and an insulating means such as PUR foam which fills the space between the inner wall and the outer wall by foaming during or after introduction thereof between the inner wall and the outer wall. 12. The storage container as claimed in claim 11, wherein the inner wall and the outer wall are moulded integrally from a plastic. 13. The storage container as claimed in claim 11, wherein the closing cover encloses a part of the wall of the container in vertical direction in the position of use. 14. A system comprising: a solar collector according to claim 6, or which is manufactured using a method according to claim 1, a storage container according to claim 11, conduits for transporting a liquid from the storage container to the collector and vice versa, and a pump for driving liquid through the conduits. 15. A method for manufacturing a storage container for a liquid, comprising the steps of: introducing a liquid curable plastic into a mould defining an outer wall, an inner wall and a connection therebetween, rotating the mould such that the plastic is distributed over the whole surface of the mould, curing the plastic, and arranging a foaming, heat-insulating plastic in the space between the inner wall and outer wall, wherein the plastic fills the whole space between the inner wall and the outer wall. 