This invention relates to a method and apparatus for averting water fowl settlements using a humane, non-lethal, optionally solar and rechargeable battery operated microcontroller controlled by preset code, a multi-patterned and changing light generating apparatus, with at least 500 nm to 570 nm visible and 300-399 nm ultraviolet spectrum LED lights, activated by means for sensing ambient light levels to determine activation periods and resting periods for retraining water fowl to relocate settlements to an alternate location by disrupting their dark-adapted night vision. The apparatus may be in the form of a floating buoy or a land or other structural surface mountable device and includes means to prevent perching thereon.
Claims 1. A method to avert waterfowl settlements, either on land or water, comprising subjecting a preselected area to a compound cycle of flashing and changing LED arrays, and providing several distinct light spectrum with the LED arrays, varying in length and duration, changing both in frequency and intensity, and creating non adaptable patterns of light pulses together comprising a compound cycle of different emitted light spectra determined by a selected coding of a powered microcontroller based circuitry. 2. A method as claimed in claim 1 wherein the power source is a solar power assembly and a rechargeable battery pack, the solar panel charges the battery pack and means is provided to activate the microcontroller circuitry and run a microcontroller code directing the emitted patterns of light pulses. 3. The method as claimed in claim 1 that further disrupts the dark-adapted nighttime vision of waterfowl by UVA light emissions included in the LED array, thereby weakening the waterfowl defense mechanism and producing an aversion to the area. 4. Apparatus to avert waterfowl settlements, comprising, an elongated tubular housing having an end cap, a solar panel mounted on top of the housing cap to recharge a battery power source and means to sense ambient light for device activation, a microcontroller, a microcontroller coded and activated, LED array located in the upper end cap of the housing, and means to execute the microcontroller code to flash the LED array of lights in a number of predetermined changing and varying patterns of light pulses of different spectra. 5. Apparatus as claimed in claim 4 including visible and UVA spectra flashing LED's which disrupts dark-adapted night time vision of waterfowl in such a manner as to require a reset period to regain dark-adapted vision during which time weakens their visual nocturnal defense system enough to avert settlement. 6. Apparatus s claimed in claim 5 wherein said housing is adapted to function as a flotation buoy. 7. Apparatus as claimed in claim 5 wherein said housing is adapted to be ground mounted. 8. Apparatus as claimed in claim 5 wherein said housing is adapted to be mounted to a structure. 9. Apparatus as claimed in claim 6 wherein said housing is an elongated tubular member and contains internal flotation material and ballast. 10. Apparatus as claimed in claim 9 wherein bird spikes are mounted atop the solar collector panel. 11. Apparatus as claimed in claim 5 wherein said patterns of light pulses are selected from the group consisting of increasing, decreasing, or alternative cycles of flashing. 12. Apparatus for averting waterfowl settlements, comprising an elongated tubular housing having upper and lower end caps, said upper end cap carrying an array of LEDs providing several distinct light spectra emissions, a microcontroller circuitry including a preset code to flash the LED array of light in a number of predetermined changing and varying light pulses of different patterns and spectra, means for powering the controller, and ambient light sensing means for activating and deactivating the power means. 13. Apparatus as claimed in claim 12 wherein said power source is a rechargeable battery pack and a solar panel means is mounted on top of the upper end cap connected to recharge the battery pack. 14. Apparatus as claimed in claim 12 wherein the lower end cap receives adapter means for coupling to securing means. 15. Apparatus as claimed in claim 14 wherein said housing is adapted to act as a flotation buoy and contains a flotation material insert and ballast, and said adapter means receives a connecting line to an anchor. 16. Apparatus as claimed in claim 14 wherein said adapter means receives a fixed surface mounting means. 17. Apparatus as claimed in claim 12 wherein the power source is a rechargeable battery pack. 18. Apparatus as claimed in claim 12 including means for preventing perching on the housing. 