A solar reflection apparatus (60) is disclosed comprising a rotatable reflection (assembly 20) and a drive mechanism (12) which is operable to drive rotation of the reflection assembly (20) at its axis of rotation. The reflection assembly (20) comprises a curved linear reflector (4) defining a focal axis F, a counter weight (17) operable to balance the self weight of the reflector (4), and a support structure (15) via which the reflector (4) and counter weight (17) are rotatably mounted at locations along the focal axis F of the reflector (4). A solar collection apparatus (2) is also disclosed comprising a solar reflection (apparatus 60) as disclosed above and a heat collecting element (6), fixedly mounted along the focal axis F of the reflector (4). Also disclosed is a method of reflecting solar radiation comprising forming a reflection assembly (20), mounting the reflection assembly (20) for rotation about the focal axis F of the reflector (4) and driving rotation of the reflection assembly (20) at its axis of rotation. The reflection assembly (20) comprises a linear curved reflector (4) that defines the focal axis F, a counter weight (17) operable substantially to balance the self weight of the reflector (4), and a support structure (15).
Claims 1. A solar reflection apparatus comprising: a rotatable reflection assembly; and a drive mechanism operable to drive rotation of the reflection assembly at its axis of rotation; the reflection assembly comprising a curved linear reflector defining a focal axis, a counter weight operable substantially to balance the self weight of the reflector, and a support structure via which the reflector and counter weight are rotatably mounted at locations along the focal axis of the reflector. 2. A solar reflection apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the drive mechanism comprises a motor and direct gear transmission. 3. A solar reflection apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the drive mechanism is mounted substantially on the focal axis of the reflector. 4. A solar reflection apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the reflection assembly is rotatably mounted via bearings on a fixed frame. 5. A solar reflection apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the support structure comprises a journal and a plurality of radiating arms, at least one of which extends to the reflector and at least another of which extends to the counter weight. 6. A solar reflection apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the reflector is a parabolic trough reflector. 7. A solar reflection apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the counter weight is operable to bias the reflection assembly to a predetermined rotational position. 8. A solar reflection apparatus as claimed in claim 7, wherein the counter weight is operable to cause the reflection assembly to adopt the predetermined rotational position under the action of gravity. 9. A solar reflection apparatus as claimed in claim 7, further comprising a clutch mechanism operating between the drive mechanism and the reflection assembly. 10. A solar collection apparatus comprising: a solar reflection apparatus as claimed in claim 1, and a heat collecting element fixedly mounted along the focal axis of the reflector. 11. A solar collection apparatus as claimed in claim 10, wherein the heat collecting element comprises a heat collecting pipe. 12. A solar collection apparatus as claimed in claim 10, wherein the heat collecting element is mounted on least two fixed supports distributed along the focal axis of the reflector. 13. A solar collection apparatus as claimed in claim 12, wherein the fixed supports are operatively connected to a fixed frame on which the reflection assembly is mounted. 14. A solar collection apparatus as claimed in claim 10, wherein the heat collecting element extends through a gear transmission of the drive mechanism. 15. A solar collection apparatus as claimed in claim 14, wherein a clearance gap is provided between the heat collecting element and the gear transmission. 16. A solar collection apparatus as claimed in claim 10, further comprising at least one auxiliary support operable to support the self weight of the heat collecting element. 17. A solar collection apparatus as claimed in claim 16, wherein the auxiliary support is located along a region of the heat collecting element that spans the reflector. 18. A solar collection apparatus as claimed in claim 16, wherein the auxiliary support is independent of the reflection assembly. 19. A solar collection apparatus as claimed in claim 16, wherein the auxiliary support operatively connects the reflector and the heat collecting element. 20. A solar collection apparatus as claimed in claim 19, wherein the auxiliary support comprises a heat collecting element support arm fixedly connected to a reflecting surface of the reflector and rotatably connected to the heat collecting element. 21. A solar collection array comprising a plurality of rows of solar collection apparatuses as claimed in claim 10, wherein each row comprises a plurality of solar collection apparatuses, arranged such that their focal axes are coincident, and a single heat collecting element mounted along the coincident focal axes. 22. A method of reflecting solar radiation comprising: forming a reflection assembly comprising a linear curved reflector that defines a focal axis, a counter weight operable to balance the self weight of the reflector, and a support structure; mounting the reflection assembly for rotation about the focal axis of the reflector; and driving rotation of the reflection assembly at its axis of rotation. 23. (canceled) 