A monolithic, multi-bandgap, tandem solar photovoltaic converter has at least one, and preferably at least two, subcells grown lattice-matched on a substrate with a bandgap in medium to high energy portions of the solar spectrum and at least one subcell grown lattice-mismatched to the substrate with a bandgap in the low energy portion of the solar spectrum, for example, about 1 eV.
Claims 1-5. (canceled) 6. A method of fabricating a solar photovoltaic converter comprising: depositing a first subcell on a substrate by epitaxial growth of a semiconductor material that has a lattice constant matched to the substrate and that has a first bandgap which is at least high enough to be in a medium range of about 1.2 to 1.6 eV; depositing a graded layer over the first subcell by epitaxially growing a compositionally graded semiconductor material that begins with a first lattice constant that is matched to the substrate and ends with a second lattice constant that is higher than said first lattice constant; and depositing a second subcell over the graded layer by epitaxially growing a semiconductor material that has a lattice constant matched to the graded layer, but lattice mismatched to substrate, and that has a second bandgap which is at least low enough to be in a low range of about 0.8 to 1.2 eV. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the first subcell has a bandgap that is in a high range of about 1.6 to 2.2 eV. 8. The method of claim 6, wherein the compositionally graded semiconductor material has a bandgap that is at least as high as the first bandgap. 9. The method of claim 8, including depositing a tunnel junction semiconductor material between the first subcell and the graded layer, the tunnel junction semiconductor material being lattice-matched to the substrate and having a bandgap that is at least as high as the first bandgap. 10. The method of claim 9, further including mounting the solar photovoltaic converter on a handle material and removing the substrate. 11. A method of fabricating a solar photovoltaic converter, comprising: depositing a plurality of subcells on a substrate, wherein at least one of the subcells has a bandgap in a high range of about 1.6 to 2.2 eV, at least one of the subcells has a bandgap in a medium range of about 1.2 to 1.6 eV, and at least one of the subcells has a bandgap in a low range of about 0.8 to 1.2 eV, wherein the subcells in the high and medium ranges are lattice-matched to the substrate and the subcell in the low range is lattice-mismatched in relation to the substrate, including depositing a graded layer between the at least one of the subcells that has a bandgap in the medium range and the at least one subcell that has a bandgap in the low range, the graded layer being compositionally graded to lattice match the substrate on one side and to lattice match the subcell with a bandgap in the low range on another side and comprising semiconductor materials that have bandgaps at least as large as the bandgap of the subcell that is immediately in front of the graded layer. 12. A method of fabricating a solar photovoltaic converter comprising: depositing a first subcell on one side of a substrate by epitaxial growth of a semiconductor material that has a lattice constant matched to the substrate and that has a first bandgap which is at least high enough to be in a medium range of about 1.2 to 1.6 eV; depositing a graded layer on another side of the substrate by epitaxially growing a compositionally graded semiconductor material that begins with a first lattice constant that is matched to the substrate and ends with a second lattice constant that is higher than the first lattice constant; and depositing a second subcell over the graded layer by epitaxially growing a semiconductor material that has a lattice constant matched to the graded layer, but lattice mismatched to substrate, and that has a second bandgap which is at least low enough to be in a low range of about 0.8 to 1.2 eV. 