This invention relates to a solar energy collector that converts solar radiation into both electrical and thermal energy. More specifically this invention relates to a concentrating solar energy collector with an integrated construction that minimizes cost, bulk, and weight, and maximizes overall efficiency. Typical non-concentrating solar collectors use photovoltaic cells over the entirety of their surface. These solar cells are the most expensive part of the collector. This invention discloses using a reflector to concentrate the incident radiation on photovoltaic cells with one-twentieth the area of the reflector, and transferring the co-generated thermal energy into a working fluid pumped through the cell support structure.
Claims 1. A solar energy system comprising a solar energy collector, said solar energy collector itself comprising, a cover, a concentrating reflector, a photovoltaic cell, a plurality of ribs, and a cell mounting structure with an internal bore containing a working fluid, wherein: said cover is transparent to solar radiation, said concentrating reflector directs concentrated solar radiation onto said photovoltaic cell, said photovoltaic cell converts part of said concentrated solar radiation into electrical energy and a larger part of said concentrated solar radiation into thermal energy, said photovoltaic cell conducts said thermal energy to said cell mounting structure and said cell mounting structure conducts said thermal energy into said working fluid, and wherein: said cover, said reflector, and said ribs are integrally connected together such that they support said solar energy collector. 2. The solar energy system of claim 1 further comprising a tilt mechanism that provides the ability to tilt said solar energy collector. 3. The solar energy system of claim 1 further comprising a tilt mechanism that provides the ability to tilt said solar energy collector and a rotate mechanism that provides the ability to rotate said solar energy collector. 4. The solar energy system of claim 2 further comprising a control module in communication with said tilt mechanism wherein said control module directs said tilt mechanism to tilt said solar energy collector to a specified tilt angle. 5. The solar energy system of claim 4 wherein said control module determines said specified tilt angle using a latitude and longitude associated with said solar energy collector, and a date and time said solar energy collector is to be tilted. 6. The solar energy system of claim 4 wherein said specified tilt angle places said solar energy collector in a protected orientation. 7. The solar energy system of claim 6 wherein said protected orientation comprises positioning said reflector above said cell mounting structure and said cover. 8. The solar energy system of claim 6 further comprising a nesting structure and wherein said protected orientation comprises said nesting structure protecting said cover. 9. The solar energy system of claim 6 wherein said control module receives environmental data and determines when to place said solar energy collector in said protected orientation based on said environmental data. 10. The solar energy system of claim 9 wherein said environmental data is vibrational data. 11. The solar energy system of claim 9 wherein said environmental data is a measure of solar radiation incident on said solar collector. 12. The solar energy system of claim 4 wherein said control module receives operating data from said solar collector and adjusts said specified direction based on said operating data. 13. The solar energy system of claim 12 wherein said operating data comprises voltage data from said photovoltaic cell and said specified tilt angle is chosen to maximize said voltage data. 14. The solar energy system of claim 12 wherein said operating data comprises temperature data from said solar collector and said specified tilt angle is chosen to reduce said temperature data. 15. The solar energy system of claim 12 wherein said operating data comprises a fluid flow rate and said specified tilt angle is chosen to position said solar collector in a protected orientation. 16. The solar energy system of claim 4 further comprising a switch wherein said switch causes said control module to position said solar collector in a protected orientation. 17. The solar energy system of claim 1 further comprising a transparent covered tube and two end caps positioned about said cell mounting structure and said photovoltaic cell and wherein said transparent covered tube, said end caps, and said cell mounting structure create an airtight volume about said photovoltaic cell. 18. The solar energy system of claim 17 further comprising a bore within said cell mounting structure and a fluid tube, wherein said fluid tube is positioned within said bore and in thermal contact with said cell mounting structure. 19. The solar energy system of claim 17 wherein said airtight volume is evacuated of air to decrease the convection of thermal energy away from said cell mounting structure and said photovoltaic cell. 20. The solar energy system of claim 17 further comprising a reflective coating applied to an inner portion of said transparent covered tube, wherein said reflective coating reflects said concentrated solar radiation toward said cell mounting structure. 21. The solar energy system of claim 18 further comprising a plurality of cell mounting structures and a plurality of photovoltaic cells, wherein said plurality of cell mounting structures are positioned linearly with said bores axially aligned, and said fluid tube runs through the bore the length of said aligned plurality of cell mounting structures. 22. The solar energy system of claim 21 wherein said reflector concentrates said solar radiation onto an area of said plurality of photovoltaic cells that is one-twentieth the surface area of said reflector thereby creating a 20.times. concentration of solar radiation. 23. The solar energy system of claim 22 wherein said plurality of photovoltaic cells comprise single junction silicon solar cells with spacings of less than 100 microns between the P+ and N+ regions in said single junction silicon solar cells to allow linear operation of said single junction solar cells at said 20.times. concentration of solar radiation. 24. The solar energy system of claim 22 wherein said plurality of photovoltaic cells comprise single junction silicon solar cells with nano-tube structures between the P+ and N+ regions to allow linear operation of said single junction solar cells at said 20.times. concentration of solar radiation. 25. A solar energy system comprising a solar energy collector, said solar energy collector itself comprising, a cover, a concentrating reflector, a photovoltaic cell, a plurality of ribs, and a cell mounting structure with an internal bore containing a working fluid, wherein: said cover is transparent to solar radiation, said concentrating reflector directs concentrated solar radiation onto said photovoltaic cell, said photovoltaic cell converts part of said concentrated solar radiation into electrical energy and a larger part of said concentrated solar radiation into thermal energy, said photovoltaic cell conducts said thermal energy to said cell mounting structure and said cell mounting structure conducts said thermal energy into said working fluid, and wherein: said cover, said reflector, and said ribs are connected to create an integrated unit wherein said integrated unit maintains a desired geometry of said reflector without assistance from additional structure. 26. A method of manufacturing a solar energy collector for later assembly, the method comprising: creating a cover, a reflector, a plurality of ribs, and a covered tube assembly, wherein on later assembly said reflector is to be positioned about said ribs to form a concentrating reflector, said ribs are to be positioned about said covered tube assembly to place said covered tube assembly at a focal point of said concentrating reflector, and said cover is to be positioned about said covered tube assembly at a positioned determined by said concentrating reflector. 27. The method of claim 26 wherein said covered tube assembly comprises a bore for containing a working fluid. 28. The method of claim 26 wherein said covered tube assembly comprises at least one photovoltaic cell. 