An energy harvester (100) comprising a base (110); one or more first resilient means (120) mounted on the base (110); a hollow chamber (130) having a mounting point (131) pivotally attached to the first resilient means (120) in static equilibrium in such a way that centre of mass of the hollow chamber (130) is aligned with the first resilient means (120) at the vertical axis; a hollow member (140) enclosed within the hollow chamber (130) being attached to one or more second resilient means (150) extending from the mounting point (131) in static equilibrium that centre of mass of the hollow member (140) is aligned with the second resilient means (150) at the vertical axis; a plurality of piezoelectric material-built cantilevers (160) mounted on the hollow member (140) and spaced apart from one another in a predetermined gap at the vertical planar that the piezoelectric material-built cantilevers (160) are varied in length and/or centre of mass; a primary storage (170) associated with the hollow chamber (130), the hollow member (140) and the plurality of piezoelectric material-built cantilevers (160) through an integrated circuit for storing harvested energy; wherein the energy is harvested through vibration of the plurality of piezoelectric material-built cantilevers (160) at its approximately resonant frequency, reciprocation of the hollow chamber (130) and the hollow member (140) upon applying kinetic force.
Claims 1. An energy harvester comprising a base; one or more first resilient means mounted on the base; a hollow chamber having a mounting point pivotally attached to the first resilient means in static equilibrium in such a way that centre of mass of the hollow chamber is aligned with the first resilient means at the vertical axis; a hollow member enclosed within the hollow chamber being attached to one or more second resilient means extending from the mounting point in static equilibrium that centre of mass of the hollow member is aligned with the second resilient means at the vertical axis; a plurality of piezoelectric material-built cantilevers mounted on the hollow member and spaced apart from one another in a predetermined gap at the vertical planar that the piezoelectric material-built cantilevers are varied in length and/or centre of mass; a primary storage associated with the hollow chamber, the hollow member and the plurality of piezoelectric material-built cantilevers for storing harvested energy through an integrated circuit; wherein the energy is harvested through vibration of the plurality of piezoelectric material-built cantilevers, reciprocation of the hollow chamber and the hollow member upon applying kinetic force. 2. An energy harvester according to claim 1, wherein the hollow chamber is made of transparent material. 3. An energy harvester according to claim 1 further comprising photovoltaic cells attached onto surfaces of hollow chamber to harvest solar energy and associated with the integrated circuit to store harvested energy into the primary storage. 4. An energy harvester according to claim 1 further comprising a means for harvesting thermal energy associated with the integrated circuit to store harvested energy into the primary storage. 5. An energy harvester according to claim 4, wherein the means of harvesting thermal energy is one or more elongated member formed by direct contacting two different electric conducting material and subjecting the two different electric conducting material different temperature respectively to harvest energy. 6. An energy harvester according to claim 1 further comprising a radio frequency harvesting means attached onto the hollow chamber for harvesting radio frequency energy and associated with the integrated circuit to store harvested energy into the primary storage. 7. An energy harvester according to claim 1 further comprising a radio frequency harvesting means fabricated onto surface of the hollow member for harvesting radio frequency energy and associated with the integrated circuit to store harvested energy into the primary storage. 8. An energy harvester according to claim 1, wherein tips of the plurality of piezoelectric material-built cantilevers possess proof mass. 9. An energy harvester according to claim 1, wherein the primary storage is integrated with the base. 10. An energy harvester according to claim 1, wherein the primary storage comprising capacitor and/or super capacitor. 11. An energy harvester a according to claim 1, further comprising a secondary storage to receive harvested energy from the primary storage and store harvested energy. 