A medicament dispenser that includes a body, a medicament container, a source of magnetic radiation, and actuation means that includes a magneto-rheological fluid is described.
Claims 1. A medicament dispenser having a body, a medicament container, a source of magnetic radiation and actuating means, wherein said actuating means comprises an magneto-rheological fluid. 2. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 further comprising a resilient biasing member to bias the flow of the magneto-rheological fluid in the absence of magnetic radiation. 3. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 wherein the actuating means is selected from the group consisting of a valve, a switch, a lever, a pump, a plunger, and combinations thereof. 4. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 wherein the actuating means actuates means selected from the group consisting of dose-liberating means, dose-metering means, means to aerosolize a dose of dry powder medicament, means to uncover or open a sealed container or capsule of pre-metered dry powder medicament, means to transport a metered amount of medicament from a rest position to a delivery position, means to pump a dose of medicament for receipt by a patient and combinations thereof. 5. A medicament dispenser according to claim 4 wherein the dose-metering means comprises a weights, a volume, a time, a surface-area regulated mechanism, or a combination thereof. 6. A medicament dispenser according to claim 4 wherein dose-metering means comprises a valve, a piston, a load cell, a plunger, or a combination thereof. 7. A medicament dispenser according to claim 4 wherein the dose-metering means comprises at least one metering chamber. 8. A medicament dispenser according to claim 7 wherein on actuation of the dose-metering means, the or each metering chamber moves into fluid communication with the reservoir. 9. A medicament dispenser according to claim 7 wherein the dose-metering means and the reservoir are relatively rotatable with respect to each other about a common central axis. 10. A medicament dispenser according to claim 9 wherein the or each metering chamber is adapted to be in fluid communication selectively with the reservoir or with the patient. 11. A medicament dispenser according to claim 7 wherein the or each metering chamber has a variable volume. 12. A medicament dispenser according to claim 7 wherein the or each metering chamber has a fixed volume which metering volume is variable by insertion of a plunger or piston. 13. A medicament dispenser according to claim 11 wherein the or each metering chamber is formed from expandable material. 14. A medicament dispenser according to claim 11 wherein the or each metering chamber has a telescopic or concertina arrangement. 15. A medicament dispenser according to claim 7 further comprising a gas permeable dry powder retaining means below the or each metering chamber. 16. A medicament dispenser according to claim 15 wherein the retaining means comprises a gas-permeable filter, a mesh screen, a porous material or a perforated chamber element. 17. A medicament dispenser according to claim 4 wherein the aerosolization means comprises a container of compressed gas, or a liquefied propellant under pressure. 18. A medicament dispenser according to claim 17 wherein the aerosolization means comprises means to propel pressurized gas through a metered dose. 19. A medicament dispenser according to claim 18 wherein the gas-propelling means provides at least one pulse of gas on actuation. 20. A medicament dispenser according to claim 18 wherein the gas-propelling means provides one pulse of gas for each dose dispensed. 21. A medicament dispenser according to claim 18 wherein the gas is air. 22. A medicament dispenser according to claim 18 wherein the gas is an inert gas. 23. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 wherein the medicament container contains a medicament, and wherein the medicament is pre-metered prior to actuation of the actuating means by a patient. 24. A medicament dispenser according to claim 23 wherein container-opening means liberates the medicament from the medicament container for receipt by a patient. 25. A medicament dispenser according to claim 17 wherein the medicament container contains a medicament, and wherein the aerosolization means liberates a pre-metered dose of medicament for receipt by a patient. 26. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 additionally comprising a reset mechanism for resetting the actuating means after actuation thereof. 27. A medicament dispenser according to claim 26, wherein the reset mechanism comprises a spring, a motor, a mechanical arrangement, an magneto-rheological fluid, or a combination thereof. 28. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, wherein the actuating means is responsive to a patient-actuable trigger. 29. A medicament dispenser according to claim 28, wherein said trigger comprises a button, switch or lever arrangement. 30. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, in the form of an inhaler for the delivery of inhalable medicament. 31. A medicament dispenser according to claim 30, wherein the actuating means is responsive to a patient-actuable trigger comprising a sensor which senses the breath of a patient. 32. A medicament dispenser according to claim 31, wherein said sensor comprises a breath-movable element which is movable in response to the breath of a patient. 33. A medicament dispenser according to claim 32, wherein said breath-movable element is selected from the group consisting of a vane, a sail, a piston, a diaphragm and an impeller. 34. A medicament dispenser according to claim 31, wherein said sensor comprises a pressure sensor for sensing the pressure profile associated with the breath of a patient. 35. A medicament dispenser according to claim 31, wherein said sensor comprises an airflow sensor for sensing the airflow profile associated with the breath of a patient. 36. A medicament dispenser according to claim 31, wherein said sensor comprises a temperature sensor for sensing the temperature profile associated with the breath of a patient. 37. A medicament dispenser according to claim 31, wherein said sensor comprises a moisture sensor for sensing the moisture profile associated with the breath of a patient. 38. A medicament dispenser according to claim 31, wherein said sensor comprises a gas sensor for sensing the oxygen or carbon dioxide profile associated with the breath of a patient. 39. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 comprising an actuation counter for counting the number of actuations of the actuating means or a dose counter for counting the number of doses delivered. 40. A medicament dispenser according to claim 39, wherein the actuation counter is independent of the actuating means. 41. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 wherein the source of magnetic radiation is a permanent magnet or an electromagnet. 42. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, additionally comprising an electrical energy source. 43. A medicament dispenser according to claim 42, wherein said electrical energy source comprises a voltaic cell or battery of voltaic cells. 44. A medicament dispenser according to claim 43, wherein said voltaic cell or battery of voltaic cells is rechargeable. 45. A medicament dispenser according to claim 44, wherein said electrical energy source comprises a photovoltaic cell or battery of photovoltaic cells. 46. A medicament dispenser according to claim 42, wherein said electrical energy source comprises a converter for converting mechanical energy into electrical energy. 47. A medicament dispenser according to claim 42, additionally comprising a controller for controlling the amount of electrical current flow through an electromagnet to provide a magnetic field. 48. A medicament dispenser according to claim 42, additionally comprising a timer for controlling the duration of electrical current flow through an electromagnet to provide a magnetic field. 49. A medicament dispenser according to claim 42 additionally comprising a local electrical energy store. 50. A medicament dispenser according to claim 42 wherein the energy source is mechanically-generated. 51. A medicament dispenser according to claim 50 wherein the energy source comprises a biasable resilient member. 52. A medicament dispenser according to claim 51 wherein the biasable resilient member is a spring. 53. A medicament dispenser according to claim 50 wherein the energy source comprises a source of compressed fluid. 54. A medicament dispenser according to claim 50 wherein the energy source comprises a chemical energy store. 55. A medicament dispenser according to claim 50 wherein the energy source comprises a physically explosive energy source. 56. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 additionally comprising an electronic control system for controlling a supply of energy to a component of the dispenser. 57. A medicament dispenser according to claim 56, wherein the electronic control system is capable of providing pulses of non-mechanical energy. 58. A medicament dispenser according to 56, wherein the electronic control system is capable of receiving inputs from electronic sensors locatable on the dispenser. 59. A medicament dispenser according to claim 58, additionally comprising an electronic sensor selected from the group consisting of a breath sensor, a shake sensor, a temperature sensor, an infrared sensor and a patient ID sensor. 60. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 additionally comprising climate control means. 61. A medicament dispenser according to claim 60 wherein the climate control means comprises means to reduce moisture increase in the dispenser; means to maintain ambient temperature; means to dry the dispenser prior to actuation thereof or combinations thereof. 62. A medicament dispenser according to claim 60 wherein the climate control means comprises a desiccant. 63. A medicament dispenser according to claim 60 wherein the climate control means comprises a heater. 64. A medicament dispenser according to claim 60 wherein the climate control means comprises a temperature sensor, a moisture sensor, or a combination thereof. 65. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1, wherein the medicament container contains a medicament, and wherein the medicament is selected from the group consisting of albuterol, salmeterol, fluticasone propionate, beclomethasone dipropionate, salts or solvates thereof and any mixtures thereof. 66. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 wherein the medicament container contains a medicament in dry powder form. 67. A medicament dispenser according to claim 66 wherein the dry powder medicament includes a pharmaceutical excipient in dry powder form. 68. A medicament dispenser according to claim 66 wherein the density of the dry powder medicament particles is reduced relative to standard dry powder medicament. 69. A medicament dispenser according to claim 66 wherein the dry powder medicament particles are aerodynamically shaped to improve medicament delivery to the patient. 70. A medicament dispenser according claim 66 wherein the medicament container is a dry powder reservoir. 71. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 wherein the medicament container contains medicament in solution or suspension form. 72. A medicament dispenser according to claim 71, wherein said medicament container contains a suspension of a medicament in a propellant. 73. A medicament dispenser according to claim 72, wherein said propellant comprises liquefied HFA134a, HFA-227, helium or carbon dioxide. 74. A medicament dispenser according to claim 71, wherein said medicament container contains a solution of a medicament in a solvent. 75. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 additionally comprising a safety mechanism to prevent unintended multiple actuations of the actuating means. 76. A medicament dispenser according to claim 75 wherein the safety mechanism imposes a time delay between successive actuation of the actuating means. 77. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 comprising a manual override enabling manual actuation of the actuating means. 78. A medicament dispenser according to claim 77 comprising a child resistance feature to prevent undesirable actuation thereof by children. 79. (Canceled) 80. An actuator for a medicament container comprising a housing, within said housing, a container seat for receipt of the medicament container; on the housing or connecting therewith, a source of magnetic radiation and actuating means, wherein the actuating means comprises an magneto-rheological fluid component. 81. An actuator according to claim 80 additionally comprising an electronic control system for controlling the supply of non-mechanical energy to the source of electromagnetic radiation. 82. An actuator according to claim 81, wherein the electronic control system is capable of providing pulses of non-mechanical energy to the source of electromagnetic radiation. 83. An actuator according to claim 81, wherein the electronic control system is capable of receiving inputs from electronic sensors locatable on the dispenser. 84. An actuator according to claim 83, additionally comprising an electronic sensor selected from the group consisting of a breath sensor, a shake sensor, a temperature sensor, an infrared sensor and a patient ID sensor. 85. A valve for use in a medicament dispenser the valve comprising a source of magnetic radiation and an magneto-rheological fluid. 86. (Canceled) 87. A test apparatus for testing a medicament container having trigger means comprising at least one actuator according to claim 79 and a mounting for said at least one actuator. 88. A kit of parts comprising a medicament dispenser according to claim 1 in the form of a cartridge; and a housing shaped for receipt of said cartridge. 