A roadside marker comprises a light-emitting element, an electronic circuit connected to the light-emitting element, a battery connected to the electronic circuit, a photovoltaic cell electrically connected to the battery, and an actuator for causing the electronic circuit to transmit a signal to a remote location. A traffic alert system that includes the roadside marker, and a method of remote signals using the roadside marker, are also provided.
Claims 1. A roadside marker comprising: a light-emitting element capable of emitting multiple colors; an electronic circuit connected to the light-emitting element, wherein the electronic circuit controls the light-emitting element to emit different colors in response to signals received by the electronic circuit; a battery connected to the electronic circuit; and a photovoltaic cell electrically connected to the battery. 2. The roadside marker of claim 1, wherein the electronic circuit includes a receiver for receiving externally supplied signals. 3. The roadside marker of claim 1, further comprising: an antenna providing a reflective backing for the photovoltaic cell. 4. The roadside marker of claim 1, wherein the light-emitting element, the electronic circuit, the battery, and the photovoltaic cell are each mounted in layers of a flexible thin film tape. 5. The roadside marker of claim 4, wherein the tape further comprises an antenna electrically connected to the electronic circuit. 6. The roadside marker of claim 1, wherein the electronic circuit causes the light-emitting element to emit electromagnetic radiation in the infrared spectrum. 7. The roadside marker of claim 1, wherein the electronic circuit comprises an integrated circuit including at least one of: a microprocessor, a rewritable memory, a modulator and a transceiver. 8. The roadside marker of claim 1, wherein the electronic circuit is structured and arranged to be remotely operated by: remote signals from other devices. 9. The roadside marker of claim 1, wherein the electronic circuit can be remotely programmed. 10. The roadside marker of claim 1, further comprising a layer of photoluminescent material. 11. The roadside marker of claim 1, further comprising an optically transparent protective film adjacent the light-emitting element. 12. The roadside marker of claim 1, further comprising an adhesive layer adjacent an exterior surface of the marker, for mounting the marker in a substantially vertical position. 13. (canceled) 14. (canceled) 15. (canceled) 16. A method comprising the steps of: placing a plurality of roadside markers in an area, wherein each of the roadside markers includes a light-emitting element, an electronic circuit connected to the light-emitting element, a battery connected to the electronic circuit, and a photovoltaic cell electrically connected to the battery; and causing the electronic circuit in at least one of the roadside markers to transmit a unique identification signal to a remote location to indicate the presence of an accident or other condition, the remote location including a database relating the unique identification signal to the location of the roadside markers. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising the step of: using the electronic circuit to operate the light-emitting element in a particular mode based on signals received by the electronic circuit. 18. The method of claim 16, further comprising the step of: remotely programming the electronic circuit. 19. The method of claim 16, further comprising the step of: remotely testing the operation of the roadside marker. 20. (canceled) 21. The method of claim 16, wherein the signal transmitted by the roadside marker includes a unique code number of a sensor actuating the marker. 22. The method of claim 16, wherein the signal transmitted by the roadside marker includes a unique code number from a vehicle sensor indicating at least one of: a unique vehicle identification number, a number of occupants of said vehicle, and an indication of the severity of a vehicle accident. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the signal transmitted by the unique vehicle identification number is used to determine at least one of: vehicle ownership, residence, and medical contact data. 24. A roadside marker comprising: a light-emitting element; an electronic circuit connected to the light-emitting element; a battery connected to the electronic circuit; a photovoltaic cell electrically connected to the battery; and an accelerometer for activating the electronic circuit when the marker experiences an acceleration. 25. A roadside marker comprising: a light-emitting element; an electronic circuit connected to the light-emitting element; a battery connected to the electronic circuit; and a photovoltaic cell electrically connected to the battery; wherein the light-emitting element comprises an electroluminescent material positioned such that photons pass through the electroluminescent material to excite electrons in the photovoltaic cell. 26. The roadside marker of claim 1, wherein the light-emitting element comprises a quantum dot tunable electroluminescent semiconductor. 27. The roadside marker of claim 1, wherein the electronic circuit causes the light-emitting element to emit electromagnetic radiation at different frequencies based on road conditions. 28. The roadside marker of claim 1, wherein the light-emitting element comprises polymer light-emitting diodes. 29. The roadside marker of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic cell comprises a nanostructured quantum dot radiation tuned semiconductor. 30. The roadside marker of claim 1, wherein the electronic circuit activates the light-emitting element in response to an amount of light received by the photovoltaic cell. 