A photovoltaic array including a plurality of photovoltaic assemblies and a plurality of mounting units. The mounting units each include an elongate rail and a plurality of leg assemblies. The rail is sized and configured to maintain a portion of at least two of the photovoltaic assemblies, with the leg assemblies extending from the rail in a spaced-apart fashion and terminating in a foot for placement against a rooftop structure for minimally penetration installation. Further, at least one of the leg assemblies can include a retractable leg. When the photovoltaic array is installed to a rooftop structure including a membrane intermittently secured to a rooftop deck, the retractable leg accommodates upward billowing of the membrane under windy conditions.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic array comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic assemblies each including a photovoltaic laminate; and a plurality of mounting units supporting the photovoltaic assemblies relative to a rooftop structure, each of the mounting units including: an elongate rail configured to maintain a portion of at least two of the photovoltaic assemblies, a plurality of leg assemblies extending from the rail in a spaced-apart fashion and each terminating in a foot opposite the rail, wherein at least one of the leg assemblies includes a retractable leg configured to permit movement of the corresponding foot toward the rail in response to an external force applied to the foot. 2. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic array is configured for mounting to a commercial building rooftop structure including a membrane overlying a rooftop deck, the membrane being intermittently connected to the rooftop deck such that an unconnected region of the membrane can billow upwardly from the rooftop deck in response to wind, and further wherein the retractable leg is configured to accommodate billowing of the unconnected region upon final installation of the photovoltaic array to the rooftop structure. 3. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein at least two of the leg assemblies include a rigid leg. 4. The photovoltaic array of claim 3, wherein the retractable leg is located between the rigid legs along a length of the rail. 5. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein the retractable leg includes a spring. 6. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein a plurality of the leg assemblies include a retractable leg. 7. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein a length of each of the legs in extension from the rail, including the retractable leg in an undeflected state, is identical. 8. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein each of the mounting units further includes: a plurality of fasteners for coupling selective ones of the feet to the rooftop structure in a penetrating fashion; wherein upon final installation, the foot associated with at least the retractable leg is not coupled to the rooftop structure by a penetrating fastener. 9. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein the rail is lightweight, having a size and weight selected to satisfy a maximum moment constraint determined as the greater of an installation environment uplift load calculation and an installation environment downward load calculation. 10. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein the rail includes: a first rail segment maintaining one of the leg assemblies otherwise having a rigid leg; and a second rail segment maintaining the leg assembly having the retractable leg; wherein the first and second rail segments are configured to be selectively assembled to one another. 11. The photovoltaic array of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic array includes the mounting unit maintaining a spacing between immediately adjacent photovoltaic assemblies mounted thereto. 12. A method for installing a photovoltaic array to a commercial building rooftop structure including a membrane coupled to a rooftop at spaced-apart pinning points, the method comprising: providing a first mounting unit including: an elongate rail, a plurality of mounting leg assemblies each including a rigid leg extending from the rail and terminating at a foot opposite the rail, at least one supporting leg assembly including a leg extending from the rail and terminating at a foot opposite the rail, wherein the leg assemblies are spaced-apart from one another along a length of the rail; arranging the mounting unit relative to the rooftop structure such that each of the feet contact the membrane and the rail is spaced above the membrane; fastening the foot of each of the mounting leg assemblies to the rooftop structure with at least one fastener, respectively, penetrating through the membrane and into the rooftop deck; and mounting at least two photovoltaic assemblies to the rail such that the mounting unit maintains the at least two photovoltaic assemblies above, and spaced from, the membrane; wherein upon final installation, the foot of the at least one supporting assembly is not coupled to the rooftop structure by a fastener penetrating through the membrane. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein arranging the mounting unit includes: identifying a first pinning location at which the membrane is coupled to the rooftop deck; identifying a second pinning location at which the membrane is coupled to the rooftop deck and spaced from the first pinning location; placing the foot of a first one of the mounting leg assemblies on the membrane at the first pinning location; and placing the foot of a second one of the mounting leg assemblies onto the membrane at the second pinning location. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the membrane is not coupled to the rooftop deck between the first and second pinning locations, and wherein arranging the mounting unit further includes: placing the foot of the at least one supporting leg assembly onto the membrane at a location between the first and second pinning locations. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the rail includes a first rail segment maintaining a first mounting leg assembly and a second rail segment maintaining a first supporting leg assembly, and further wherein providing a first mounting unit includes: determining a linear pinning distance between the first and second pinning locations; and assembling the first and second rail segments such that a distance between the first mounting leg assembly and the first supporting leg assembly is less than the pinning distance. 16. The method of claim 12, wherein the first mounting unit includes a multiplicity of leg assemblies extending from the rail, and further wherein arranging the mounting unit includes aligning the foot of at least three of the leg assemblies over respective pinning points at which the membrane is coupled to the rooftop deck, and even further wherein upon final installation, only the feet of the aligned leg assemblies are fastened to the rooftop via fasteners penetrating through the membrane. 17. The method of claim 12, wherein the rail has a length of at least ten feet and the first mounting unit includes a multiplicity of the supporting leg assemblies, and further wherein upon final installation, none of the feet of the multiplicity of support leg assemblies are coupled to the rooftop structure by a fastener penetrating through the membrane. 18. The method of claim 12, wherein the leg of the supporting leg assembly is a retractable leg. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein upon final installation, billowing of the membrane imparts a force onto the foot of the supporting leg assembly and the retractable leg permits movement of the foot of the supporting leg assembly toward the rail in response to the force. 20. The method of claim 12, wherein mounting at least two photovoltaic assemblies to the rail includes positioning the two photovoltaic assemblies in a spaced, side-by-side relationship. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein at least five photovoltaic assemblies are mounted to the rail. 22. The method of claim 12, further comprising: providing a second mounting unit including an elongate rail and a plurality of leg assemblies extending from the rail and each terminating at a foot opposite the rail; arranging the second mounting unit relative to the rooftop structure such that the feet of the second mounting unit contact the membrane and the rail of the second mounting unit is spaced from, and parallel with, the rail of the first mounting unit; mounting the at least two photovoltaic assemblies to the rails of the first and second mounting units. 23. The method of claim 12, further comprising: estimating a net load force that the photovoltaic array will be subjected to upon final installation; and determining a number of leg assemblies to be fastened to the rooftop structure with a respective fastener penetrating through the membrane based upon the estimate. 24. A method for preparing a photovoltaic array for mounting to a commercial building rooftop structure including a membrane coupled to a rooftop deck at spaced-apart pinning points, the method comprising: determining a first pinning distance between adjacent, first and second pinning points; determining a second pinning distance between the second pinning point and an adjacent, third pinning point; forming an elongate rail configured to receive and maintain a portion of each of a plurality of photovoltaic assemblies; assembling a first leg assembly to the rail; assembling a second leg assembly to the rail at a distance from the first leg assembly corresponding with the first pinning distance; and assembling a third leg assembly to the rail at a distance from the second leg assembly corresponding with the second pinning distance; wherein each of the leg assemblies includes a leg extending from the rail and terminating at a foot opposite the rail. 25. The method of claim 24, further comprising: assembling a fourth leg assembly to the rail between the first and second leg assemblies. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein the fourth leg assembly includes a retractable leg. 