Thin film photovoltaic modules that include strings of thin film cells laminated between a transparent flexible barrier layer and a multi-layer backsheet configured to stabilize the module and to reduce or control thermo-mechanical stresses leading to undesirable effects such as warping and ribbon buckling, among others. In some cases, the backsheet has an effective TEC that relatively closely matches the TEC of the cells, resulting in improved module stability. Alternatively or in addition, the backsheet may include one or more relatively thick flexible layers, again resulting in improved stability. Various materials may be used with TECs that are chosen to minimize a particular thermo-mechanical stress, and/or to provide a module with a predetermined amount of curvature.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module, comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cells electrically interconnected by conductive ribbons, each cell including a semiconductor absorber layer and a substrate upon which the absorber layer is supported; a transparent barrier frontsheet overlying the cells and configured to protect the cells from environmental elements while allowing substantial passage of solar radiation to the cells; and a multi-layer backsheet underlying the cells and including a vapor barrier layer constructed from a material having a thermal expansion coefficient chosen to minimize thermo-mechanical stress on at least one of the cells or the conductive ribbons. 2. The module of claim 1, wherein the substrate and the vapor barrier layer are each constructed from stainless steel. 3. The module of claim 2, wherein the stainless steel of the vapor barrier layer is heat treated by a method selected from the set consisting of tempering and annealing. 4. The module of claim 1, wherein the vapor barrier layer and the conductive ribbons are each constructed from copper. 5. The module of claim 1, wherein the frontsheet is pre-shrunk by exposure to an elevated temperature. 6. The module of claim 1, wherein the frontsheet is constructed from a material having a thermal expansion coefficient chosen to minimize thermo-mechanical stress on the conductive ribbons. 7. The module of claim 1, wherein the vapor barrier layer has a thickness between 0.5 millimeters and 6 millimeters. 8. A photovoltaic module, comprising: a plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic cells, each cell including a semiconductor absorber layer and a substrate upon which the absorber layer is supported; a transparent barrier frontsheet overlying the cells and configured to protect the cells from environmental elements while allowing substantial passage of solar radiation to the cells; and a multi-layer backsheet underlying the cells and including a vapor barrier layer; wherein the substrate and the vapor barrier layer are constructed from one or more materials having substantially similar coefficients of thermal expansion. 9. The module of claim 8, wherein the cells are interconnected by conductive ribbons constructed from a material having a substantially similar coefficient of thermal expansion to the coefficients of thermal expansion of the substrate and the barrier layer. 10. The module of claim 9, wherein the conductive ribbons, the substrate and the barrier layer are all constructed from stainless steel. 11. The module of claim 10, wherein the stainless steel of the barrier layer is heat treated to reduce thermo-mechanical stress between the barrier layer, the conductive ribbons, and the substrate. 12. The module of claim 11, wherein the stainless steel of the barrier layer is tempered. 13. The module of claim 11, wherein the stainless steel of the barrier layer is annealed. 14. The module of claim 8, wherein the vapor barrier layer has a thickness between 0.5 millimeters and 6 millimeters. 15. A photovoltaic module, comprising: a plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic cells, each cell including a semiconductor absorber layer and a substrate upon which the absorber layer is supported; a transparent barrier frontsheet overlying the cells and configured to protect the cells from environmental elements while allowing substantial passage of solar radiation to the cells; and a multi-layer backsheet underlying the cells and including a vapor barrier layer; wherein the substrate and the vapor barrier layer are constructed from one or more materials having properties configured to provide the photovoltaic module with a predetermined amount of curvature. 16. The module of claim 15, wherein the predetermined amount of curvature is chosen to match curvature of a structure to which the module is configured to be attached. 17. The module of claim 15, wherein the predetermined amount of curvature is chosen to counteract adhesive creep of an adhesive used to hold the module to a mounting structure. 18. The module of claim 15, wherein the predetermined amount of curvature is chosen to match curvature of a structure to which the module is configured to be attached after counteracting adhesive creep of an adhesive used to hold the module to the structure. 19. The module of claim 15, wherein the substrate and the vapor barrier layer are constructed from materials having coefficients of thermal expansion that differ by a predetermined amount. 20. The module of claim 15, wherein the frontsheet is pre-shrunk by exposure to an elevated temperature. 21. The module of claim 15, wherein lamination of the frontsheet to the cells contributes to the predetermined amount of curvature. 22. The module of claim 15, wherein the predetermined amount of curvature is zero. 23. The module of claim 15, wherein the vapor barrier layer has a thickness between 0.5 millimeters and 6 millimeters. 