Various embodiments of methods and systems for improving and enhancing vision are disclosed. Adjustable lenses or optical systems may be used to provide adaptive vision modification. In some embodiments, vision modification may be responsive to the current state of the user's visual system. Certain embodiments provide correction of the subject's near and far vision. Other embodiments provide enhancement of vision beyond the physiological ranges of focal length or magnification.
Claims 1. A system for enhancing the vision of a subject, comprising: a) An adjustable lens system; b) At least one image detector configured to detect at least one component of a finite fraction of a time varying image reflected from an eye of the subject; c) An image analyzer for determining a value of an image quality attribute of said reflected image; and d) A lens system controller configured to adjust said adjustable lens system at intervals and responsive to said value of said image quality attribute. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising a mounting for positioning said lens system with respect to said eye of said subject. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein said mounting comprises an eyeglass frame. 4. The system of claim 2, wherein said mounting comprises a head mounted device or structure 5. The system of claim 4, wherein said mounting comprises at least one of a helmet, headband, hat, head covering, or item of head apparel or adornment. 6. The system of claim 2, wherein said mounting comprises a mechanical linkage connected to a base. 7. The system of claim 2, wherein said mounting is adapted to be held or have its position or orientation controlled by said subject. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of said system is spatially associated with a lens or other optical component adapted to be worn on the surface of said eye of said subject. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of said system is spatially associated with an intraocular lens device adapted for implantation within said eye of said subject. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller is adapted to control said adjustable lens system to increase the sharpness of said reflected image. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller is configured to control said adjustable lens system to decrease the sharpness of said reflected image. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller controls adjustment of a spherical focal length of said adjustable lens system. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller controls adjustment of at least one components of a cylindrical focus of said adjustable lens system. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller controls a magnification factor of said adjustable lens system. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller controls the transmissivity of said adjustable lens system over at least one visible spectral waveband. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller controls the effective aperture of at least one component of said adjustable lens system. 17. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller controls at least one chromatic aberration-correcting feature of said adjustable lens system. 18. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller controls an angle of orientation of at least one optical element of said adjustable lens system relative to the optical axis of the eye. 19. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller controls the transverse position relative to the optical axis of the eye of at least one optical element of said adjustable lens system. 20. The system of claim 14, wherein said lens system controller is adapted to accept a magnification factor input. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein said lens system controller is adapted to adjust said lens system in response to said magnification factor input and said sharpness. 22. The system of claim 1, wherein said adjustable lens system is an electroactive lens system. 23. The system of claim 1, wherein said adjustable lens system is a compound lens system. 24. The system of claim 1, wherein said adjustable lens system includes at least one of a reflector, a beam splitter, an active filter, a passive filter, or a refractive element. 25. The system of claim 1, wherein said adjustable lens system includes a fluid lens system. 26. The system of claim 25, wherein said fluid lens system comprises an elastically deformable shell surrounding an inter-lens space, and wherein adjusting said fluid lens system comprises adjusting a pressure or volume of a fluid in said inter-lens space. 27. The system of claim 25, wherein said fluid lens system comprises an interface between two immiscible fluids. 28. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller controls a distance between said adjustable lens system and the front surface of said eye. 29. The system of claim 1, wherein said lens system controller controls an angle of orientation of at least one component of said adjustable lens system with respect to the optical axis of said eye. 30. The system of claim 14, wherein said lens system controller is adapted to adjust said lens system in response to said magnification factor and a sharpness of a landmark in the time varying image. 31. The system of claim 30 wherein the image detector is aligned to capture at least one component of a finite fraction of the time varying image reflected from a portion of the fovea of the eye of the subject. 32. The system of claim 1, further comprising a lens actuator that actuates said lens in response to a control signal from said lens system controller. 33. The system of claim 1, further comprising a power source. 34. The system of claim 33, wherein said power source may be connected to one or more other components of said system through at least one of inductive coupling or power beaming. 35. The system of claim 1, wherein said image detector comprises a CCD camera. 36. The system of claim 1, wherein said image detector comprises one of a photodiode and a photomultiplier. 37. The system of claim 1, wherein said image detector is configured to detect an image reflected from the retina of the eye of said subject. 38. The system of claim 1, wherein said image detector is configured to detect an image reflected from the foveal region of the retina of the eye of said subject. 39. The system of claim 1, wherein said image detector is configured to detect an image reflected from the back of the lens of the eye of said subject. 40. The system of claim 1, wherein said image detector is configured to detect an image reflected from one of the front of the lens of the eye and the cornea of the eye of said subject. 41. The system of claim 1, wherein a first time varying image is detected from a first location in said eye and wherein a second time varying image is detected from a second location in at least one of space, time, or spectral position, and wherein said image analyzer determines a value of said image quality attribute for said first time varying image differentially with respect to said second time varying image. 42. A method of providing adaptive vision modification, comprising the steps of: a) Detecting a time varying image reflected from an eye of a subject; b) Generating an image data set representative of an instance of said time varying image; c) Determining an image quality attribute of said image data set; d) Comparing said image quality attribute to a reference image quality attribute; e) Determining a lens system adjustment as a function of said image quality attribute and said reference image quality attribute; and f) Adjusting a lens system according to said determined lens system adjustment to modify said time varying image. 43. The method of claim 42, wherein said time varying image is a real-time varying image. 44. The method of claim 42, further including repeating steps a. through f. to provide on-going adaptive vision modification. 45. The method of claim 42, wherein comparing said image quality attribute to said reference image quality attribute includes: a) determining a numerical value corresponding to the image quality attribute; and b) comparing the determined numerical value to a stored value corresponding to the reference image quality attribute. 46. The method of claim 42, wherein said reference image quality attribute is an image quality attribute of a previous instance of said time varying image. 47. The method of claim 42, wherein said time varying image is detected from a first location in said eye and wherein said reference image quality attribute is an image quality attribute of a time varying image detected from a second location. 48. The method of claim 47, wherein said second location is external to the optics of the eye of the subject. 49. The method of claim 47, wherein said second location is the within the eye of the subject. 50. The method of claim 47, wherein said second location is one of the cornea of the eye of the subject, the front surface of the lens of the eye of the subject, and the back surface of the lens of the eye of the subject. 51. The method of claim 42, wherein determining an image quality attribute is performed using a device including a microprocessor. 52. The method of claim 42, wherein the device including a microprocessor that is sized or otherwise configured for carrying or being worn by the subject. 53. The method of claim 42, wherein the device including a microprocessor is sized so as to be a component of a pair of eyeglasses. 54. The method of claim 42, further comprising transmitting at least a portion of said image data set wirelessly to a receiving location at a distance farther from the eye of the subject than the lens system. 55. The method of claim 54 wherein the receiving location is remote from the subject. 56. The method of claim 54 wherein the receiving location is at a device carried by the subject. 57. The method of claim 42, including transmitting a control signal from the receiving location to the lens system. 58. The method of claim 57, wherein at least a portion of the control signal is a digital signal. 59. A system for modifying the vision of a subject comprising: a) A first optical subsystem having a first spherical focal length, a first cylindrical focal power, and a first axis of cylindrical lens orientation; b) A second optical subsystem having a second spherical focal length, a second cylindrical focal power, and a second axis of cylindrical lens orientation; c) A switching mechanism configured to selectively direct a visual input to an eye of the subject through one of said first optical subsystem and said second optical subsystem; d) An image detector adapted to detect an image reflected from said eye; e) An image analyzer for determining the quality of said reflected image; and f) A controller for controlling at least one of said first optical system, said second optical subsystem, or said switching mechanism responsive to the quality of said reflected image. 60. The system of claim 59, wherein said switching mechanism is configured to be controlled by said subject. 61. The system of claim 59, wherein the first and second cylindrical focal powers are zero. 62. The system of claim 59, wherein said switching mechanism is configured for being controlled automatically. 63. The system of claim 62, wherein said switching mechanism is configured to switch said visual input between said first optical subsystem and said second optical subsystem responsive to a change in focus of said reflected image indicative of a change in focal distance of said visual input. 64. The system of claim 62, wherein said switching mechanism is configured to be controlled automatically in response to vergence movement of at least one eye of said subject. 65. The system of claim 62, further comprising a range finder alignable to a visual target. 66. The system of claim 65 wherein the range finder is operable to provide an indication of a distance to the visual target and the controller activates said switching mechanism responsive to the indication of distance to the visual target. 67. The system of claim 59, further comprising a mounting structure for positioning said adjustable optical system with respect to said eye of said subject. 68. The system of claim 67, wherein said mounting structure comprises an eyeglass frame. 69. The system of claim 67, wherein said mounting structure comprises a helmet-mounted frame, or a component of a hat, head adornment, or item of head-centered apparel. 70. The system of claim 67, wherein said mounting structure comprises a mechanical linkage connected to a base. 71. The system of claim 59, wherein said first optical subsystem comprises an adjustable lens system, and wherein said controller is operable to adjust at least one of said first spherical focal length, said first cylindrical focal power, or said first axis of orientation in order to adjust the quality of said reflected image for visual inputs within a first focal distance range. 72. The system of claim 71, wherein said second optical subsystem comprises an adjustable lens system, and wherein said controller is operable to adjust at least one of said second spherical focal length, said second cylindrical focal power, or said second axis of orientation in order to adjust the quality of said reflected image for visual inputs within a second focal distance range. 73. The system of claim 59, wherein said switching mechanism comprises an adjustable optical element comprising at least one of an adjustable mirror, an adjustable prism, an adjustable beam-splitter, an electrooptic element, a liquid-crystal element, or an adjustable lens system. 74. The system of claim 59, wherein said first optical subsystem has a first adjustable transmissivity and said second optical subsystem has a second adjustable transmissivity, and wherein said switching mechanism is adapted to switch said first adjustable transmissivity to substantially full transmissivity and said second optical subsystem to substantially zero transmissivity in order to direct said visual input through said first optical subsystem, and switch said first adjustable transmissivity to substantially zero transmissivity and said second adjustable transmissivity to substantially full transmissivity in order to direct said visual input through said second optical subsystem. 75. An system for modifying the vision of a subject, comprising: a) An adjustable optical system having a control signal input adapted to receive a control signal for controlling the adjustment of at least one focus parameter of a lens system; and b) At least one image detector adapted to detect in real-time an image reflected from a retina of an eye of the subject and capable of generating as an output a reflected image signal containing information about the focus condition of said reflected image. 76. The system of claim 75, further comprising a mounting structure for positioning said lens system with respect to an eye of said subject. 77. The system of claim 75, wherein said image detector is located on or about said lens system. 78. The system of claim 76, wherein said image detector is located on said mounting structure. 79. The system of claim 76, wherein said mounting structure comprises an eyeglass frame. 80. The system of claim 76, wherein said mounting structure comprises a helmet-mounted frame, or a component of a hat, a head-adornment, or an item of head-centered apparel. 81. The system of claim 75, wherein said adjustable optical system comprises a fluid lens. 82. The system of claim 81, wherein said fluid lens comprises an interface between two immiscible fluids. 83. The system of claim 81, wherein said adjustable optical system comprises a lens having an elastically deformable shell surrounding an inter-lens space, and wherein adjusting said lens comprises adjusting the pressure or volume of a fluid in said inter-lens space. 84. The system of claim 75, wherein said adjustable optical system comprises an electroactive lens. 85. The system of claim 75, wherein said adjustable optical system comprises a compound lens. 86. The system of claim 75, wherein said adjustable optical system has an adjustable spherical focus. 87. The system of claim 75, wherein said adjustable optical system has at least one of an adjustable cylindrical focus or axis of cylindrical orientation. 88. The system of claim 75, wherein said adjustable optical system has an adjustable magnification factor. 89. The system of claim 75, wherein said adjustable optical system has an adjustable intensity in at least one visible spectral band. 90. The system of claim 75, further comprising: a) An image analyzer for determining a sharpness of said reflected image; and b) A lens control system for generating said control signal to regulate the adjustment of at said least one focus parameter of said lens system to increase said sharpness of said reflected image. 91. The system of claim 90, wherein at least one of said image analyzer and said lens control system is positioned separately from said adjustable lens system, said mounting, and said image detector. 92. The system of claim 90, wherein at least one of said image analyzer or said lens control system is packaged in a package that can be carried by said subject. 93. The system of claim 90, wherein at least one of said image analyzer and said lens control system is located at a remote location from said subject. 94. The system of claim 90, wherein at least one of said image analyzer or said lens control system comprises a microprocessor. 95. The system of claim 94, wherein a device including said microprocessor is sized to fit on or about a pair of eyeglasses. 96. The system of claim 90, further comprising a transmitter configured to transmit at least a portion of said image data wirelessly from said image detector to said image analyzer. 97. The system of claim 90, further comprising a transmitter configured to transmit said control signal to said adjustable optical system for reception at said control signal input. 98. The system of claim 97, wherein said control signal is at least in part a digital signal. 99. A lens control system, comprising: a) An image analyzer configured to receive at least one image signal detected from an eye of a subject and to determine from said image signal at least one image quality attribute; and b) A lens controller configured to receive said at least one image quality attribute from said image analyzer and to receive a lens state signal from an adjustable lens system, and responsive to said lens state signal and said image quality attribute to generate a lens control signal for adjusting the state of said adjustable lens system to modify said at least one image quality attribute of said image detected from said eye. 100. The system of claim 99, further comprising a power source. 101. The system of claim 100, wherein said power source comprises one of a battery, a photovoltaic cell, an inductive coil, an antenna, or an energy scavenging device. 102. The system of claim 100, wherein said power source scavenges energy from the environment of said subject. 103. The system of claim 100, wherein said power source scavenges energy from the body of said subject. 104. The system of claim 103, wherein said power source is adapted to provide power derived from at least a part of the systolic-diastolic cycle of said subject. 105. The system of claim 103, wherein said power source comprises an electric power generating device adapted for placement in the airway of said subject. 106. The system of claim 104, wherein said power source comprises a device adapted for association with the pulsatile blood flow of said subject. 107. The system of claim 99, wherein said image analyzer performs at least one image preprocessing step selected a group including from noise reduction, artifact removal, image compression, mathematical transformation, and contrast adjustment. 108. The system of claim 99, wherein said image analyzer detects a foveal region of said image and selects for further analysis at least a portion of said foveal region of said image. 109. The system of claim 108, wherein selection of said foveal region is based upon identification of at least one landmark in said foveal region. 110. The system of claim 99, wherein at least one of said image analyzer and said lens system controller is packaged in a package that can be carried by said subject. 111. The system of claim 99, wherein at least one of said image analyzer and said lens system controller is located at a remote location from said subject. 112. The system of claim 99, wherein at least one of said image analyzer and said lens system controller comprises a device including a microprocessor. 113. The system of claim 112, wherein the device including a microprocessor is sized to fit on or about a pair of eyeglasses. 114. The system of claim 99, wherein at least a portion of said detected image signal is transmitted wirelessly from a detection device, and wherein said system further comprises a receiver configured to receive said wirelessly transmitted image signal portion. 115. The system of claim 99, further comprising a transmitter configured to wirelessly transmit said lens system control signal to said adjustable lens system. 116. The system of claim 115, wherein said lens system control signal is at least in part a digital signal. 