A solar concentrator including a housing having a receiving wall, a reflecting wall and at least two end walls, the receiving, reflecting and end walls defining a three-dimensional volume having an inlet, wherein a vertical axis of the housing is generally perpendicular to the inlet, a receiver mounted on the receiving wall of the housing, the receiver including at least one photovoltaic cell, wherein a vertical axis of the receiver is disposed at a non-zero angle relative to the vertical axis of the housing, at least one clip disposed on the reflecting wall, an optical element received within the three-dimensional volume, the optical element including at least one tab, the tab being engaged by the clip to align the optical element with the receiver, and a window received over the inlet to enclose the housing.
Claims 1. A solar concentrator comprising: a housing including a receiving wall, a reflecting wall and at least two end walls, said receiving, reflecting and end walls defining a three-dimensional volume having an inlet, wherein a vertical axis of said housing is generally perpendicular to said inlet; a receiver mounted on said receiving wall of said housing, said receiver including at least one photovoltaic cell, wherein a vertical axis of said receiver is disposed at a non-zero angle relative to said vertical axis of said housing; at least one clip disposed on said reflecting wall; an optical element received within said three-dimensional volume and engaged by said clip to align said optical element with said receiver; and a window received over said inlet to enclose said housing. 2. The solar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said housing and said window define a substantially fully enclosed volume. 3. The solar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said optical element is a mirror. 4. The solar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said receiver further includes a lens, said lens being focused on said photovoltaic cell. 5. The solar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said receiver further includes a heat sink connected to said photovoltaic cell. 6. The solar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said non-zero angle is about 20 to about 80 degrees. 7. The solar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said non-zero angle is about 55 degrees. 8. The solar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said window is formed from a glass or polymeric material. 9. The solar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said clip is integral with said housing. 10. The solar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said clip is connected to said housing by a fastening device. 11. The solar concentrator of claim 1 wherein said housing further includes a lower wall having a second clip disposed thereon, said second clip engaging said optical element. 12. The solar concentrator of claim 11 wherein said lower wall further includes a third clip disposed thereon, said third clip engaging said optical element 13. A solar concentrator comprising: a housing including a receiving wall, a reflecting wall, a lower wall and at least two end walls, said receiving, reflecting, lower and end walls defining a three-dimensional volume having an inlet, wherein a vertical axis of said housing is generally perpendicular to a plane defined by said inlet; a plurality of receivers mounted on said receiving wall of said housing, each receiver of said plurality of receivers defining a vertical axis and including at least one photovoltaic cell, a lens focused on said photovoltaic cell, and a heat sink connected to said photovoltaic cell, wherein said photovoltaic cell and said lens are disposed within said three-dimensional volume and said heat sink is external of said three-dimensional volume, wherein said vertical axis of said receiver is disposed at a non-zero angle relative to said vertical axis of said housing; a plurality of optical elements received within said three-dimensional volume, each optical element of said plurality of optical elements including a front tab and a rear tab; a plurality of front clips disposed on said lower wall of said housing, each front clip of said plurality of front clips engaging an associated one of said front tabs; a plurality of rear clips disposed on said reflecting wall of said housing, each rear clip of said plurality of rear clips engaging an associated one of said rear tabs; and a window connected to said inlet of said housing to form an enclosed three-dimensional volume. 14. The solar concentrator of claim 13 wherein said housing and said window define a substantially fully enclosed volume. 15. The solar concentrator of claim 13 wherein said plurality of front and rear clips are configured to align said plurality of optical elements with said plurality of receivers. 16. The solar concentrator of claim 13 wherein said optical element is a mirror. 17. The solar concentrator of claim 13 wherein said non-zero angle is about 20 to about 80 degrees. 18. The solar concentrator of claim 13 wherein said non-zero angle is about 55 degrees. 19. The solar concentrator of claim 13 wherein said window is formed from a polymeric material. 20. The solar concentrator of claim 13 wherein said plurality of rear clips are slender to account for differing rates of thermal expansion of said optical elements and said housing. 21. A method for aligning an optical element with a receiver, said receiver including at least one photovoltaic cell, said method comprising the steps of: providing a housing comprising a receiving wall, a reflecting wall and at least two end walls, said receiving, reflecting and end walls defining a three-dimensional volume having an inlet, wherein a vertical axis of said housing is generally perpendicular to said inlet; positioning at least one clip on said reflecting wall of said housing; mounting said receiver on said receiving wall of said housing, wherein a vertical axis of said receiver is disposed at a non-zero angle relative to said vertical axis of said housing; positioning said optical element within said three-dimensional volume such that said optical element is engaged by said clip; and positioning a window over said inlet to enclose said housing. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein said optical element includes a foot and said step of positioning said optical element includes engaging said foot with said clip. 