The invention includes apparatus aiding in locating a lock cylinder and orienting a key to the keyhole, which may preferably include a label. It may guide a person by providing high contrast visual and/or tactile clues. Preferably, applying light to the apparatus for at most two seconds causes it to visually communicate for at least thirty seconds. The invention includes a method for manufacturing the apparatus, as well as the apparatus and the mountable apparatus as products of manufacturing. The invention includes installing the apparatus on a lock. The mounted apparatus and installed lock are products of installation. The invention includes using the apparatus. The inserted key in the keyhole is a product of the use of the apparatus. The inserted key in the keyhole may be used to engage the lock, or to disengage the lock.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus aiding the finding of a keyhole on a lock cylinder, comprising: means for finding a location of said lock cylinder; and means for determining an orientation of said keyhole. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: means for mounting at least one of said means for finding and said means for determining; wherein said means for mounting, further including one of: an adhesive backing of said means for finding and said means for determining; and a contact adhesive backing of said means for finding and said means for determining. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a label including said means for finding and said means for determining. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein said label, includes: means for receiving a light energy; means for storing said light energy to create a stored energy; and means for broadcasting said stored energy to visually communicate said means for finding and said means for determining. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said label, further includes: a first material providing said means for receiving; a second material providing said means for storing; and a third material providing said means for broadcasting; wherein at least one of said first material, said second material, and said third material uses at least one of at least one photo luminescent effect; at least one photovoltaic effect; at least one photoelectric effect; at least one piezo luminescent effect; and at least one piezo voltaic effect. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein said label, further comprises: a luminescent material including said first material, said second material, and said third material. 7. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein applying the beam of a flashlight to said label for at most two seconds causes said means for broadcasting to visually communicate for at least thirty seconds. 8. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein applying said beam of said flashlight to said label for at most one second causes said means for broadcasting to visually communicate for at least forty five seconds. 9. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein said label is waterproof. 10. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein said label is Ultra-Violet (UV) protected. 11. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein said label has an outer shape of a semi-circle. 12. A method of manufacturing said apparatus of claim 1, comprising the steps of: making said means for finding and said means for determining to create a shaped apparatus; and removing said shaped apparatus to create said apparatus. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the step of making further comprises the step of: cutting an outline of said means for finding and said means for determining on a sheet to create an apparatus outline on said sheet as said shaped apparatus and to create a waste zone on said sheet; and wherein the step removing, further comprises the step of: removing said waste zone from said sheet to create said apparatus. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein the step of making, further comprises the step of: injecting an apparatus mold with a plastic to create said shaped apparatus; and wherein the step of removing said shaped apparatus, further comprises the step of: removing said shaped apparatus from said apparatus mold to create said apparatus. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising the step of: applying a glue backing to said apparatus to create a mountable apparatus. 16. The mountable apparatus as a product of the process of claim 15. 17. The method of claim 12, wherein said apparatus includes at least one luminescent material. 18. The apparatus as a product of the process of claim 12. 19. The method of installing said apparatus of claim 1 on a lock including said lock cylinder containing said keyhole, comprising the steps of: aligning said apparatus to said keyhole; and affixing said apparatus to said lock cylinder to create an installed lock. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the step of aligning is further comprised of the step of: aligning a primed stamp to said keyhole; and wherein the step of affixing said apparatus is further comprised of the step of: pressing said primed stamp to said lock cylinder to provide said apparatus affixed to said lock cylinder and create said installed lock. 21. The method of claim 20, further comprising one of the steps of: inking a stamp with an ink to create said primed stamp; priming said stamp with a paint to create said primed stamp; and applying a plastic to said stamp to create said primed stamp. 22. The installed lock as a product of the process of claim 19. 23. The installed lock of claim 22 is part of at least one of a automotive vehicle door, a door knob and a dead bolt. 24. The method of using the apparatus of claim 1, further comprising the steps of: positioning a key near said location of said lock cylinder; orienting said key using said orientation of said keyhole to create an aligned key; and inserting said aligned key into said keyhole to create an inserted key in said keyhole. 25. The inserted key in said keyhole as a product of the process of claim 24. 