A method and apparatus is provided to identify defective laminate objects or package substrates having mounting sites for integrated circuit dies during the package substrate fabrication process. A hole is drilled or punched within the boundary of an individual package substrate contained within a larger laminate substrate and covered with a material layer coating composed of an opaque material such as a resist. The coating may then be selectively applied or removed at a later point during the fabrication process dependent upon whether the package substrate has been classified as defective or non-defective. After specific package substrates have been marked as defective, a light source and light collector are supplied to the fabrication process on opposite sides of the wafer. By shining the light source on the laminate substrate, defective package substrates can be identified by the passage of light through the hole which is no longer covered with resist. A package substrate may have one or many holes corresponding to one or many die mounting sites. Therefore, defective package substrates may be identified through the use of a simple light source and light collector and without the need for unnecessary expensive optical recognition or sorting machinery.
Claims 1. An integrated circuit package substrate for mounting at least one die, said package substrate having at least one hole, said at least one hole being blocked by a light blocking material which is selectively removable to indicate the status of said package substrate as defective or non-defective. 2. The package substrate of claim 1, wherein said light blocking material covers said at least one hole. 3. The package substrate of claim 1, wherein said light blocking material is initially applied to said package substrate and is selectively removed from covering said at least one hole to identify said package substrate as defective. 4. The package substrate of claim 1, wherein said light blocking material is present over said at least one hole for a package substrate which is non-defective. 5. The package substrate of claim 1, wherein said light blocking material is present over said at least one hole for a package substrate which is defective. 6. The package substrate of claim 1, wherein said light blocking material is located on at least one side of said package substrate. 7. The package substrate of claim 1, wherein said light blocking material is located on both sides of said package substrate. 8. The package substrate of claim 1, wherein said light blocking material is provided as a strip on said package substrate. 9. The package substrate of claim 1, wherein said light blocking material is formed of an opaque material. 10. The package substrate of claim 1, wherein said at least one hole is located outside of the area of said package substrate containing a mounting site and electrical connections for an integrated circuit die. 11. The package substrate of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of holes, said plurality of holes having a light-blocking material or no light blocking material in accordance with a code pattern. 12. The package substrate of claim 11, said plurality of holes having a light blocking material or no light-blocking material form a code pattern representing a binary code. 13. The package substrate of claim 12, wherein said code pattern is representative of the existence and location of defects on said package substrate. 14. The package substrate of claim 12, wherein said code pattern is arranged to uniquely identify said package substrate. 15. The package substrate of claim 1, wherein said integrated circuit package has a plurality of mounting sites for integrated circuit dies. 16. The package substrate of claim 15, wherein said integrated circuit package has one hole for said plurality of mounting sites. 17. The package substrate of claim 1, wherein said integrated circuit package has one hole for each of said plurality of mounting sites. 18. An integrated circuit package substrate comprising a plurality of die mounting sites each for mounting an integrated circuit die, said package substrate having a hole, said hole being blocked by a light blocking material which is selectively removable to indicate the status of said package substrate as defective or non-defective. 19. An integrated circuit package substrate comprising a plurality of die mounting sites each for mounting an integrated circuit die, each of said die mounting sites having a hole, said hole being blocked by a fight blocking material which is selectively removable to indicate the status of said package substrate as defective or non-defective. 20. An integrated circuit package substrate array comprising a plurality of separable package substrates for mounting at least one integrated circuit die, each of said package substrates having at least one hole, said at least one hole being blocked by a light blocking material which is selectively removable to indicate the status of said package substrate as defective or non-defective. 21. The integrated circuit package substrate array of claim 21, wherein said light blocking material is present over said at least one hole for a package substrate which is non-defective. 22. The integrated circuit package substrate array of claim 21, wherein said light blocking material is present over said at least one hole for a package substrate which is defective. 23. The integrated circuit package substrate array of claim 21, wherein each of said package substrates has a plurality of mounting sites for said integrated circuit dies. 24. The integrated circuit package substrate array of claim 22, wherein each of said package substrates has one hole per plurality of mounting sites. 25. A system for the identification of a defective integrated circuit package substrate, said system comprising: at least one hole which extends through said package substrate; a material on said package substrate covering said hole, said material having a thickness and/or opacity sufficient to block light from passage through said hole and capable of being selectively removed from said package substrate dependant upon the status of said object as defective or non-defective; at least one light source having an output directed at said hole of said object; and at least one light detector arranged to receive the output from said light source depending on whether or not light passes through said hole. 26. The system of claim 25, wherein said material layer is present on said package substrates which are non-defective. 27. The system of claim 25, wherein said material layer is present on said package substrates which are defective. 28. The package substrate of claim 25, wherein said light blocking material covers said at least one hole. 29. The package substrate of claim 25, wherein said light blocking material is located on at least one side of said package substrate. 30. The package substrate of claim 25, wherein said light blocking material is located on both sides of said package substrate. 31. The package substrate of claim 25, wherein said light blocking material is provided as a strip on said package substrate. 32. The system of claim 25, wherein said light source produces an output having a predetermined wavelength range. 33. The system of claim 25, wherein said light source is a laser. 34. The system of claim 25, wherein said light source produces an output comprising white light. 35. The system of claim 25, wherein said light source produces an output having a cross-sectional area substantially equivalent to the cross-sectional area of one of said holes. 36. The system of claim 25, wherein said light source produces an output having a cross-sectional area substantially equivalent to the area of a major surface of said package substrate. 37. The system of claim 25, wherein said detector produces an output representing the detection of light by said detector. 38. The system of claim 37, wherein the output of said detector corresponds to the status of said package substrates being either defective or non-defective. 39. The system of claim 37, wherein said detector is a photovoltaic cell. 40. The system of claim 25, further comprising a plurality of holes, said plurality of holes having a light-blocking covering or no light-blocking covering in accordance with the status of said object as defective or non-defective. 41. The system of claim 25, further comprising a plurality of holes, said plurality of holes having a light-blocking covering or no light-blocking covering in accordance with a code pattern. 42. The system of claim 41, wherein said code pattern is representative of the existence and location of defects on said package substrate. 43. The system of claim 41, wherein said code pattern is arranged to uniquely identify said package substrate. 44. The system of claim 25, wherein said light source and said light detector are incorporated into the production line of said package substrate. 45. The system of claim 44, wherein said light source and said light detector are located within said production line before an area where a planar array of said package substrates is diced to form said package substrates. 46. The system of claim 44, wherein said light source and said light detector are located within said production line after an area where said planar array of said package substrates is diced. 47. The package substrate of claim 25, wherein said package substrate is a laminated substrate having a plurality of layers. 48. The package substrate of claim 47, wherein said plurality of layers includes at least one insulating layer and at least one metal pattern connection layer. 49. The package substrate of claim 47, wherein said plurality of layers includes at least one heat shield layer. 50. A system for the identification of defective integrated circuit package substrates in a laminate substrate array, said system comprising: a laminate substrate array comprising a plurality of separable package substrates each of said package substrates containing at least one hole which extends therethrough, said package substrates having first and second major surfaces and at least one integrated circuit die mounting site on at least one of said surfaces, wherein said hole is exposed on both major surfaces of said package substrate and is provided outside an area of said package substrate containing said integrated circuit die mounting site; a selectively removable material blocking said hole, said material having a thickness and/or opacity sufficient to block light from passage through said hole, said material being present or absent from blocking said hole dependant upon the status of said package substrate as defective or non-defective; at least one light source having an output directed at said hole, wherein the output is substantially perpendicular to said first surface of said package substrate; and at least one light detector arranged to receive the output from said light source depending on whether said light passes through said hole or not. 51. A method of identifying a defective package substrate in a laminate substrate comprising the steps of: forming a package substrate having at least one hole which extends through said package substrate; applying a light blocking material layer on said package substrate such that said hole is covered by said light blocking material; testing said package substrate and classifying said package substrate as defective or non-defective; selectively unblocking said hole of said package substrate dependant upon whether said package substrate is defective or not; detecting light at said hole of said package substrate; and determining if said package substrate is defective or not defective depending upon whether or not light is detected at said hole. 52. The method of claim 51, wherein said step of selective unblocking is applied to said package substrates which are defective. 53. The method of claim 51, wherein said step of selective unblocking is applied to said package substrates which are non-defective. 54. The method of claim 51, wherein said step of forming said package substrate comprises forming a package substrate having a plurality of die mounting sites. 55. The method of claim 54, wherein said step of forming a package substrate further comprises forming one hole for each die mounting site. 56. The method of claim 54, wherein said step of forming a package substrate further comprises forming one hole for said package substrate. 57. The method of claim 51, wherein said step of selectively unblocking is accomplished by ashing said light blocking material covering said hole. 58. The method of claim 51, wherein said step of selectively unblocking is accomplished by chemical washing of said light blocking material covering said hole. 59. The method of claim 51, wherein said step of applying a light blocking material layer is accomplished by applying a resist coating. 60. The method of claim 51, wherein said light source produces an output having a predetermined wavelength range. 61. The method of claim 51, further comprising the steps of: forming a plurality of holes which extend through said package substrate; and selective application and/or removal of a light blocking material layer placed on said package substrate such that said plurality of holes are blocked or unblocked. 62. The package substrate of claim 61, wherein said step of selective application and/or removal of said material layer further comprises forming a pattern representing a binary code. 63. The package substrate of claim 62, wherein said pattern is representative of the existence and location of defects on said package substrate. 64. The package substrate of claim 62, wherein said pattern is arranged to uniquely identify said package substrate. 