An inverter component layout and mounting bracket are disclosed which allow for electrical components, or the inverter as a whole to be replaced easily in the field. The disclosed mounting bracket and component layout also improve the heat rejection properties of the inverter.
Claims 1. An inverter connected to a photovoltaic panel comprising: a chassis with a top, a bottom, two sides, a front, and a back; and inverter circuitry with individual components grouped in subassemblies that are fastened individually to said chassis wherein each said subassembly can be removed and replaced without removing any other subassembly or component such that the inverter can be quickly serviced in the field. 2. The inverter of claim 1 wherein said inverter circuitry is grouped into four subassemblies. 3. The inverter of claim 2 wherein said subassemblies comprise a control circuit, an isolation transformer, an inductor, and a power circuit. 4. The inverter of claim 3 wherein the components that comprise each said subassembly are permanently wired and wherein wiring between subassemblies is designed to facilitate quick wiring of subassemblies to each other. 5. The inverter of claim 3 wherein said inverter comprises a heat sink on the top of said chassis and wherein said control circuit is mechanically fastened to said heat sink. 6. The inverter of claim 1 further comprising a heat sink on the top of said chassis and where said subassemblies are fastened to said chassis in an arrangement that facilitates heat transfer through said heat sink and eliminates a need for a fan or external air. 7. An inverter connected to a photovoltaic panel comprising: a chassis with a top, a bottom, two sides, a front, and a back that holds the inverter's electrical components; a mounting bracket that attaches to a wall or a post; and a structure for removably fastening the back of said chassis to said mounting bracket. 8. The inverter of claim 7 wherein said mounting bracket is adapted to space said inverter from the wall or post to which it is attached by a distance that is sufficient to facilitate air flow across the back of said chassis whereby heat transfer is facilitated. 9. The inverter of claim 7 wherein said mounting bracket is adapted to be fastened to either a single wall stud or post or to two spaced wall studs. 10. The inverter of claim 9 wherein said mounting bracket has mounting holes that are aligned vertically to facilitate attachment to a single stud or post and also has holes that are aligned horizontally to facilitate attachment to two horizontally spaced studs. 11. The inverter of claim 7 wherein said mounting bracket comprises a horizontal top bar at the top of the bracket and wherein said chassis comprises tabs fastened to the back of the chassis that hang on said bar to support the weight of said inverter. 12. The inverter of claim 11 wherein said horizontal bar comprises a recessed cutout that locates said tabs such that said inverter is centered laterally relative to said mounting bracket. 13. The inverter of claim 11 wherein said bracket comprises threaded holes at the bottom of the bracket that accept bolts to secure said inverter to said mounting bracket. 14. The inverter of claim 13 wherein electrical components are arranged in said chassis to allow free access to holes in said chassis through which bolts are passed to secure said inverter to said mounting bracket. 15. An inverter connected to a photovoltaic panel comprising: a chassis with a top, a bottom, two sides, a front, and a back that holds the inverter's electrical components; inverter circuitry with individual components grouped in subassemblies that are fastened individually to said chassis wherein each said subassembly can be removed and replaced without removing any other subassembly or component such that the inverter can be quickly serviced in the field; a mounting bracket that attaches to a wall or a post; and a structure for removably fastening the back of said chassis to said mounting bracket. 