A substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine (SSMBWT) includes: (a) a plurality of multifunctional blades (2); and (b) a rotating axis (3) configured to rotate when the blades capture wind and for coupling to a power generator (4a), wherein each multifunctional blade (2) comprises three integrated functional sections (2a, 2b, 2c), wherein each functional section has a different shape and is configured to guide and evacuate incoming airflow and to capture wind energy from different anisotropic directions, ranging from around to above and below the body of the substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine (SSMBWT).
Claims 1-16. (canceled) 17. A substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine, comprising: (a) a plurality of multifunctional blades, wherein each multifunctional blade comprises three integrated functional first sections, wherein each functional first section includes a top functional second section, a middle functional second section, and a bottom functional second section, wherein each second section has a different aerodynamic shape and is configured to guide and evacuate incoming airflow and to capture wind energy from different anisotropic directions, wherein the top functional second section is aerodynamically shaped to evacuate upward airflow coming from the middle functional second section and to capture wind energy coming substantially or directly from above on the wind turbine, and wherein the top functional second section has an inner windswept aerodynamic surface section for evacuating upward air flow coming from the middle functional second section, and an outer windswept aerodynamic surface section for capturing wind energy coming substantially or directly from above and thus extending a range of the middle functional second section, wherein the middle functional second section is aerodynamically shaped to guide incoming airflow to the top functional second section for evacuating excess air flow and is aerodynamically shaped to capture wind energy impacting from anisotropic directions on the wind turbine except substantially or directly from above and directly from below the wind turbine, and wherein the middle functional second section has an inner swept aerodynamic surface section for guiding incoming air flow to the top functional second section and for evacuating excess air flow and an outer windswept aerodynamic surface section capturing wind energy coming substantially from anisotropic directions except substantially or directly from above and directly from below the substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine, and wherein the bottom functional second section is aerodynamically shaped to guide incoming airflow from below the wind turbine to the middle functional second section and to capture wind energy impacting substantially from anisotropic directions on the wind turbine except substantially or directly from above, and wherein the bottom aerodynamic functional section has an inner swept surface section for guiding incoming air flow coming from below the substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine to the middle functional second section, thus facilitating rotation, and an outer swept surface section for capturing wind energy coming substantially from anisotropic directions except substantially or directly from above and facilitating rotation. 18. A substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine according to claim 17, wherein the middle functional second section has an inner radius and a particular aerodynamic shape that facilitates an upwash of airflow hitting the middle functional second section after having traversed a body of the substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine and that further facilitates rotation through an upwardly directed action. 19. A substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine according to claim 17, further comprising: (b) a spoiler arranged below the multifunctional blades so as to exploit wind and airflow coming from various directions from below a lowest blade line of a blade assembly comprising the plurality of blades of the substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine. 20. A substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine according to claim 19, wherein the spoiler is arranged at a distance H below the lowest blade line of the blade assembly, and wherein the spoiler is adjustable with respect to the lowest blade line of the blade assembly so as to make the distance H variable. 21. A substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine according to claim 17, wherein the blades are made of 2-component dicyclopentadiene. 22. A substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine according to claim 19, wherein the spoiler comprises a plurality of through-holes formed therein and operating as air-guiding sections, wherein the number of air-guiding sections is one less than the number of blades of the plurality of blades of the wind turbine. 23. A substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine according to claim 17, wherein at least parts of an outer surface and of an inner surface of the blades are machined to enhance aerodynamic properties of the substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine by reducing drag of the blades. 24. A substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine according to claim 23, wherein an electro-active material is applied to the outer surface and to the inner surface of the blades to provide these surfaces with electro-active surface properties. 25. A substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine according to claim 24, wherein said electro-active material is a photovoltaic material, or a ferroelectric material, or a photovoltaic and ferroelectric material, with which either the outer surface or the inner surface or both the outer and the inner surfaces of the blades, as well as an outer surface of the spoiler, are coated, laminated or otherwise selectively fitted with said electro-active material. 26. A substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine according to claim 19, further comprising: (b) a mounting pole on which is fitted a housing containing an electrical generator, wherein the housing is shaped so as to be aerodynamic and to allow for an optimum air guiding, and the housing comprises longitudinal grooves arranged in an outer surface of the housing for guiding airflow and accelerating airflow into air-guiding sections of the spoiler. 27. A substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine according to claim 17, further comprising (b) spring-loaded or motorised fixtures for holding or releasing the blades on a top part and on a bottom part of the substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine as a function of wind-speed and force on the blades by closing or opening a space between the blades. 28. An electrical power generating system comprising: (A) a substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine according to claim 17; and (B) an airflow conduit element arranged below said substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine and providing support for said substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine, wherein said airflow conduit element is in the shape of a flexible circular, curved, concave, convex, flat or otherwise shaped support unit supporting on an inside thereof suitable gearing and fixtures including at least one electrical generator, wherein said airflow conduit element carries an outer surface photovoltaic or other electricity generating material, and surfaces treated to facilitate the generation of electrical energy. 29. An electrical power generating system according to claim 28, wherein a housing is adapted to house one or more electrical generators in an axial stack packaging geometry that is configured to be an optimum aerodynamically for air guiding within the spoiler. 30. A substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine according to claim 18, wherein the blades are made of 2-component dicyclopentadiene. 31. A substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine according to claim 19, wherein the blades are made of 2-component dicyclopentadiene. 32. A substantially spherical multi-blade wind turbine according to claim 20, wherein the blades are made of 2-component dicyclopentadiene. 