A photovoltaic sun tracking system including a photovoltaic assembly, a first mounting structure, and a second mounting structure. The photovoltaic assembly includes at least one PV cell maintained by framework defining a PV plane. The first and second mounting structures are mounted to a support surface and rotatably maintain the framework at first and second pivot points, respectively, to establish a tracking axis passing through the pivot points. The tracking axis is non-parallel with the PV plane. The photovoltaic assembly can be rocked along the tracking axis to follow motion of the sun relative to the earth. One or both of the mounting structures can be relatively small, and the off-parallel tracking axis promotes increased efficiency over the course of a year.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic solar energy collection and tracking system comprising: a photovoltaic assembly including: at least one photovoltaic cell, framework maintaining the photovoltaic cell in a manner defining a PV plane; a first mounting structure mountable to a support surface and rotatably maintaining the framework at a first pivot point; and a second mounting structure mountable to the support surface and rotatably maintaining the framework at a second pivot point; wherein assembly of the framework to the mounting structures establishes a tracking axis passing through the first and second pivot points, the tracking axis being non-parallel with the PV plane; and further wherein the photovoltaic assembly can be rocked about the tracking axis to follow motion of the sun relative to earth. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a drive mechanism linked to the framework and operable to effectuate movement of the photovoltaic assembly. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the framework includes: a perimeter frame maintaining a PV laminate; and a reinforcement assembly projecting from the perimeter frame in a direction below the PV plane. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the first pivot point is established at the perimeter frame and the second pivot point is established at the reinforcement assembly. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the first pivot point is formed along the PV plane and the second pivot point is formed below the PV plane. 6. The system of claim 3, wherein the reinforcement assembly includes a plurality of rods forming at least one truss structure, the second pivot point being established at an apex of the truss structure. 7. The system of claim 3, wherein the perimeter frame is rectangular, having opposing, first and second ends defining a length and opposing sides defining a width, and further wherein the first pivot point is established immediately adjacent the first end and the second pivot point is spatially established between the first and second ends. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the second pivot point is spatially below the first pivot point. 9. The system of claim 7, wherein a linear distance between the first and second pivot points is less than the length of the perimeter frame. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic assembly includes a plurality of photovoltaic laminates maintained by the framework at the PV plane. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the tracking axis and the PV plane form an included angle in the range of 5.degree.-60.degree.. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the first and second mounting structures each include: a pier and a footing supported in a foundation. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the footing is poured concrete. 14. A method of collecting energy from the sun, the method comprising: providing a photovoltaic assembly including: at least one photovoltaic cell, framework maintaining the photovoltaic cell in a manner to defining a PV plane; mounting a first mounting structure to a support surface; mounting a second mounting structure to the support surface at a location spaced from the first mounting structure; pivotably mounting the framework to the first mounting structure at a first pivot point and to the second mounting structure at a second pivot point; wherein a tracking axis passing through the first and second pivot points is established, the tracking axis being non-parallel with the PV plane; operating the PV cell to collect energy from sunlight; and rocking the photovoltaic assembly along the tracking axis to follow a motion of the sun relative to earth. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the support surface is the earth, and mounting the first and second mounting structures includes pouring a concrete footing into the earth. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the second support structure is spatially beneath the framework. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein the framework includes a rectangular perimeter frame maintaining the photovoltaic laminate and having opposing ends and opposing sides, and further wherein pivotably mounting the framework to the first and second mounting structures includes locating the first end spatially above the second end. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein the tracking axis and the PV plane form an included angle in the range of 5.degree.-60.degree.. 19. The method of claim 14, wherein the framework includes a torque shaft defining a torque arm axis that is non-parallel with the tracking axis, the method further including: linking a drive mechanism to the torque arm; wherein rocking the photovoltaic assembly includes operating the drive mechanism to apply a force to the torque arm. 20. A solar tracking and photovoltaic support assembly comprising: framework configured for mountably supporting at least one photovoltaic cell in a manner establishing a PV plane; a first mounting structure configured to be mounted to a support surface; a second mounting structure configured to be mounted to the support surface; wherein the framework is pivotably assembled to the first mounting structure at a first pivot point and to the second mounting structure at a second pivot point to define a tracking axis passing through the first and second pivot points, the tracking axis being non-parallel with the PV plane; and further wherein the framework can be rocked relative to the mounting structures about the tracking axis to follow a motion of the sun relative to earth. 