A system for grounding photovoltaic (PV) modules, comprising a frame for supporting PV modules, a support structure, and a viscous grounding material disposed between the frame and the support structure.
Claims 1. A system for grounding photovoltaic modules, comprising: (a) a frame for supporting photovoltaic modules; (b) a support structure; and, (c) a viscous grounding material disposed between the frame and support structure. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the viscous grounding material comprises a plurality of metal particles and a vehicle for delivering the plurality of metal particles. 3. The system of claim 1, further comprising at least one attachment member disposed to secure one or more photovoltaic modules to the support structure, wherein the viscous grounding material is applied to said at least one attachment member. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the frame comprises an electrically conductive metal. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the support structure comprises an electrically conductive metal. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the support structure comprises aluminum, zinc plated steel, stainless steel, painted steel, galvanized steel, or titanium. 7. The system of claim 3, wherein the at least one attachment member is selected from the group consisting of: a mounting clip, a mounting screw assembly, a mounting bolt assembly, and combinations thereof. 8. The system of claim 2, wherein the vehicle for delivering the plurality of metal particles is non-corrosive to metal and a material selected from the group consisting of: silicone, petroleum jelly, an anti-oxidation compound, and combinations thereof. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the plurality of metal particles are angular in geometry and have a particle size of approximately 50 microns to approximately 500 microns. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein the plurality of metal particles have a Mohs hardness of approximately 4 or greater. 11. The system of claim 8, wherein the plurality of metal particles have an electrical resistivity of less than approximately 1.times.10.sup.-4 Ohm-cm. 12. A method of assembling a photovoltaic array, comprising: (a) providing a support structure; (b) providing at least one photovoltaic module; (c) applying a viscous grounding material at a plurality of predetermined locations along at least one of the support structure and the photovoltaic module; (d) directing the at least one photovoltaic module onto the support structure so as to be in contact with the viscous grounding material; (e) providing at least one attachment member; (f) securing the photovoltaic module to the support structure with at least one attachment member; and, (g) fastening the photovoltaic module to the support structure with at least one attachment member, wherein the viscous grounding material penetrates an anodized layer on at least one of the support structure or the photovoltaic module. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the viscous grounding material comprises a plurality of metal particles and a vehicle for delivering the plurality of metal particles. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein the grounding material is additionally applied to the plurality of attachment members. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein the vehicle for delivering the plurality of metal particles is non-corrosive to metal, resistant to water, and can withstand temperatures up to approximately 60.degree. C., and wherein the vehicle comprises a material selected from the group consisting of: silicone, petroleum jelly, an anti-oxidation compound, and combinations thereof. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein the metal particles are angular in geometry and have a particle size of approximately 50 microns to approximately 500 microns. 17. A method of grounding at least one photovoltaic module to a support structure, comprising: (a) applying a viscous grounding material at a plurality of predetermined locations along the support structure; (b) directing the at least one photovoltaic module onto the support structure, wherein the at least one photovoltaic module is in contact with the viscous grounding material; and, (c) securing the photovoltaic modules to the support structure, wherein the viscous grounding material penetrates an anodized layer on at least one of the support structure or the photovoltaic module. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising: (a) providing a plurality of attachment members; (b) applying the viscous grounding material to the attachment members; and, (c) fastening the photovoltaic module to the support structure with the plurality of attachment members. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein the viscous grounding material comprises a plurality of metal particles and a vehicle for delivering the plurality of metal particles. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the vehicle for delivering the plurality of metal particles is non-corrosive to metal, resistant to water, and can withstand temperatures up to approximately 60.degree. C., and wherein the vehicle comprises a material selected from the group consisting of: silicone, petroleum jelly, an anti-oxidation compound, and combinations thereof. 