Solar panel system and apparatus wherein the panels are configured with liquid superconcentrators having outwardly disposed liquid imaging lenses of wide field of view performing with a sparse array of discrete multifunction photovoltaic cells which are electrically interconnected to provide a panel output. The liquid superconsentrator and associated sparse array of photovoltaic cells are configured in a row and column matrix and are mounted upon a polymeric back support.
Claims 1. A system for deriving an electrical output from radiation of the sun comprising: an array of solar radiation responsive cells each disposed about a cell axis and having an outwardly disposed primary concentrator configured as a thin polymeric shell retaining a liquid defining an imaging lens performing in conjunction with adjacent primary concentrators to derive a field of view effective to substantially track said solar radiation and effect an imaging thereof along a concentration light path toward an image plane, a secondary concentrator configured as a thin polymeric shell retaining a liquid with a receiving portion located to receive solar radiation from said image plane and inwardly tapering to effect a non-imagining internal reflection of received solar radiation deriving homogenized solar radiation of generally uniform intensity, and a multifunction photovoltaic cell having a receiving side located for photovoltaic interaction with said homogenized solar radiation and in heat transfer relationship with said liquid and responsive to radiation impinging upon said receiving side to derive a cell electrical output; and a cell array network coupled with each said cell electrical output and having one or more array electrical outputs. 2. The system of claim 1 in which: said primary concentrators perform to derive a field of view of about 120.degree.. 3. The system of claim 1 in which: said polymeric shells are formed of a polyester resin. 4. The system of claim 3 in which: said polymeric shells are formed of polyethylene terephthalate. 5. The system of claim 4 in which said polymeric shells exhibit a thickness of about 150 microns to about 200 microns. 6. The system of claim 1 in which: said liquid comprises water. 7. The system of claim 1 in which: each said radiation responsive cell is configured to remove components of solar energy from said concentration light path corresponding with at least a portion of those wavelengths substantially ineffective to evoke said cell electrical output. 8. The system of claim 1 in which: said primary concentrator polymeric shell and said secondary concentrator polymeric shell are coupled together to retain a common said liquid. 9. The system of claim 1 in which: said multijunction photovoltaic cell is dimensioned having a receiving side area of that small value effective to maintain a working temperature within said liquid between about 100.degree. C. and about 125.degree. C. 10. The system of claim 1 in which: at least a portion of said non-imagining secondary concentrator polymeric shell is configured with a generally logarithmic profile symmetrically disposed about said cell axis. 11. The system of claim 1 in which said secondary concentrator comprises: a logarithmic concentrator having a said liquid retaining polymeric shell being configured with a generally logarithmic profile extending from said receiving portion to an exit aperture; and a compound parabolic concentrator extending from said exit aperture to a tip, said liquid retaining polymeric shell thereof being configured with a profile effective to present said homogenized light at an exit plane. 12. The system of claim 11 in which: said receiving side of said multijunction photovoltaic cell is generally located at said exit plane. 13. The system of claim 11 in which: said liquid retaining polymeric shell of said compound parabolic concentrator is integrally formed with said liquid retaining polymeric shell of said logarithmic concentrator. 14. The system of claim 13 in which: said liquid retaining polymeric shell of said primary concentrator is coupled in liquid retaining relationship with said liquid retaining polymeric shell of said logarithmic concentrator. 15. The system of claim 1 further comprising: a generally flat back support extensible along ground surface configured to support said array of solar radiation responsive cells in stationary fashion. 16. The system of claim 15 in which said back support further comprises: an electrically insulative support lattice having an array of support surfaces configured to receive and locate a said photovoltaic cell for said interaction with said homogenized radiation, and further configured for supporting said array network. 17. The system of claim 16 in which: said back support further comprises a frame of generally rectangular configuration supporting said support lattice. 18. The system of claim 17 in which: said back support is formed of a polymeric material. 19. The system of claim 18 in which: said back support polymeric material is a polyester resin. 20. The system of claim 18 in which: each said solar radiation cell exhibits a height of about 23/4 inches; each said primary concentrator exhibits an exit area of about 645 square millimeters; said liquid comprises water; and each said photovoltaic cell receiving side exhibits an area of about 2.25 square millimeters. 21. The system of claim 1 in which: each said primary concentrator is configured with an outwardly disposed polymeric sheet component having a generally convex lens external profile and an inwardly disposed generally concave polymeric sheet component sealably fixed to the underside of said outwardly disposed polymeric sheet component to provide a cavity therebetween retaining said liquid to define a concavo-convex shaped imaging lens. 22. The system of claim 21 in which said primary concentrator further comprises an assemblage of one or more correction lenses effective to provide correction for chromatic aberration at said image plane, each said correction lens being configured with a first polymeric sheet component having a generally convex lens profile and a second polymeric sheet component sealably fixed to one side of said first polymeric sheet component to provide a cavity therebetween retaining said liquid to define a correction lens. 23. The system of claim 21 in which said secondary concentrator is configured as a molded discrete polymeric sheet component at least a portion thereof having a generally logarithmic profile and defining a homogenization cavity retaining said liquid. 24. The system of claim 23 in which: said secondary concentrator logarithmic profile extends from said receiving portion to an exit and further comprises: an integrally formed compound parabolic concentrator extending from said exit, said discrete polymeric sheet component extending from said exit to a tip, said polymeric sheet component being configured with a generally parabolic profile effective to focus said homogenized light at an exit plain located adjacent said tip and defining a cavity retaining said liquid in common with said cavity of logarithmic profile. 25. The system of claim 1 in which: said primary concentrator imaging lens is of generally hemispherical shape disposed about a cell axis and extending to an imaging lens exit area. 26. The system of claim 25 in which said secondary concentrator is symmetrically disposed about said cell axis and comprises: a logarithmic concentrator having an entrance configured and located for receiving radiation at said image plane and having one or more surfaces extending from said entrance logarithmically approaching said cell axis to an exit; and a compound parabolic concentrator having one or more surfaces located for receiving radiation from said logarithmic concentrator exit and concentrating it at said photovoltaic cell receiving side. 27. The system of claim 25 in which said secondary concentrator further comprises: a conical concentrator having an entrance adjacent said imaging lens exit area and an exit adjacent said image plane and having one or more side surfaces inclined toward said cell axis. 28. The system of claim 27 in which: said primary and secondary concentrators are configured to retain a common said liquid. 29. A system for deriving an electrical output from radiation of the sun, comprising: one or more arrays of panels supported over a ground surface between oppositely disposed panel array ends; each said panel having an array of solar radiation responsive cells, each comprising: a generally upwardly disposed primary concentrator configured with one or more liquid retaining polymeric surfaces defining an imaging lens performing in conjunction with adjacent primary concentrators to derive a field of view of extent effective to receive solar radiation extending toward said panels throughout a substantial portion of a daytime defined interval of said radiation and to effect an imaging thereof toward an imaging plane, a secondary concentrator configured with one or more liquid retaining polymeric surfaces with a receiving side located to receive solar radiation from an imaging lens and inwardly tapering to effect a non-imaging internal reflection of received solar radiation deriving homogenized solar radiation of generally uniform intensity, and a multijunction photovoltaic cell having a receiving side located for photovoltaic interaction with said homogenized solar radiation and in heat transfer relationship with said liquid and responsive to radiation impinging upon said receiving side to derive a cell electrical output; each said panel further comprising: a generally flat back support supported over said ground surface having an outwardly disposed frame structure configured to support said array of solar radiation cells in stationary fashion and said back support supporting a cell array network coupled with each said cell electrical output and having one or more panel outputs; said panel outputs of each said array of panels being electrically interconnected to derive one or more panel array outputs at one or more panel array end locations; and one or more storage cell assemblies coupled in charging relationship with a said panel array output. 30. The system of claim 29 in which: said one or more storage cell assemblies are sodium-sulfur storage cell assemblies. 31. The system of claim 29 in which: each said solar radiation responsive cell is configured to remove components of solar energy corresponding with at least a portion of those wavelengths substantially ineffective to evoke said cell electrical output. 32. The system of claim 29 in which: each said solar radiation responsive cell is configured to shift at least a portion of ineffective solar energy components of solar radiation of said solar radiation to one or more wavelengths effective to evoke said cell electrical output. 33. The system of claim 29 in which: each said solar radiation responsive cell retained liquid comprises one or more wavelength shifting additives effective to shift at least a portion of ineffective solar energy components of said solar radiation to one or more wavelengths effective to evoke said cell electrical output. 34. The system of claim 29 in which: said liquid retained by said primary and secondary concentrators comprises one or more wavelength absorbing additives effective to absorb solar energy from at least a portion of said solar radiation substantially ineffective to evoke a cell electrical output. 35. The system of claim 31 in which: said multijunction photovoltaic cell is dimensioned having a receiving side area of that small value effective to maintain a working temperature within said liquid between about 100.degree. C. and about 125.degree. C. 36. The system of claim 35 in which: each said photovoltaic cell receiving side exhibits an area of about 2.25 square millimeters. 37. The system of claim 29 in which said secondary concentrator comprises: a logarithmic component configured with a generally logarithmic profile extending about a cell axis from said imaging plane to a logarithmic concentrator exit; and a compound parabolic component extending from said logarithmic concentrator exit and configured with a compound parabolic profile effective to concentrate said homogenized radiation at an exit plane. 38. The system of claim 37 in which said primary concentrator is of generally hemispherical shape disposed about said cell axis and extending to an imaging lens exit area. 39. The system of claim 38 in which said secondary concentrator further comprises: a conical concentrator having an entrance adjacent said imaging lens exit area and an exit adjacent said imaging plane and having one or more side surfaces inclined toward said cell axis. 40. The system of claim 37 in which: said receiving side of said multijunction photovoltaic cell is located at said exit plane. 41. The system of claim 29 in which said back support further comprises: an electrically insulative support lattice having an array of support surfaces configured to receive and locate a said photovoltaic cell for said interaction with said homogenized solar radiation, and further configured for supporting said cell array network. 42. The system of claim 29 in which: each said solar panel exhibits a generally rectangular periphery of given length and width; and said array of solar panels is a generally linear assemblage of solar panels. 43. Panel apparatus for deriving an electrical output from radiation of the sun, comprising: a generally stationary array of optical cells each having an outwardly disposed imaging lens component disposed about a cell axis, performing in conjunction with adjacent imaging lens components to derive a field of view effective for accepting solar radiation during a substantial portion of a day, exhibiting an imaging lens exit area and generally imaging accepted radiation to an image plane, and one or more non-imaging internally reflecting concentrator components receiving radiation from said image plane at a non-imaging region entrance and concentrating it to an exit plane exhibiting a concentration area substantially less than said exit area to define a concentration ratio; an array of discreet multijunction photovoltaic cells each having an active receiving surface of area extent generally corresponding with said concentration area, located substantially at said exit plane and having a photovoltaic output in response to radiation at said exit plane; and a collection network with circuit components receiving each said photovoltaic output and providing one or more panel outputs. 44. The panel apparatus of claim 43 in which: said concentration ratio is at least about 100:1. 45. The panel apparatus of claim 43 in which: said non-imaging concentrator components are symmetrically disposed about said cell axis and comprise: a logarithmic concentrator having an entrance configured and located for receiving radiation at said image plane and having one or more surfaces extending from said entrance logarithmically approaching said cell axis to an exit; and a compound parabolic concentrator having one or more surfaces located for receiving radiation from said logarithmic concentrator exit and concentrating it at said exit plane. 46. The panel apparatus of claim 45 in which: said non-imaging concentrator components further comprise: a conical concentrator having an entrance adjacent said imaging lens exit and an exit adjacent said image plane and having one or more side surfaces inclined toward said cell axis. 47. The panel apparatus of claim 43 in which: said imaging lens component is configured as a polymeric surface retaining a liquid. 48. The panel apparatus of claim 43 in which: said non-imaging concentrator components are configured as a polymeric surface retaining a liquid. 49. The panel apparatus of claim 48 in which: each said photovoltaic cell receiving surface is immersed in thermal exchange relationship with said liquid retained within said polymeric surface. 50. The panel apparatus of claim 43 in which: said non-imaging concentrator components are configured to provide said radiation at said exit plane as homogenized radiation substantially exhibiting a Lambertion distribution across an associated said photovoltaic cell active receiving surface. 51. The panel apparatus of claim 43 in which: said imaging lens component and said non-imaging concentrator components are configured with polymeric surfaces surmounting a common liquid-filled cavity. 52. The panel apparatus of claim 51 in which: said polymeric surfaces are formed of a polyester resin. 53. The panel apparatus of claim 52 in which said liquid is under a pressure effective to place said polymeric surfaces in tension. 54. The panel apparatus of claim 52 in which: said polymeric surfaces exhibit a thickness of about 150 microns to about 200 microns. 55. The panel apparatus of claim 52 in which: said polymeric surfaces are formed of polyethylene terephthalate. 56. The panel apparatus of claim 43 in which: each said optical cell is configured to remove components of solar energy from said solar radiation corresponding with at least a portion of those wavelengths substantially ineffective to evoke said photovoltaic output. 57. The panel apparatus of claim 56 in which: said imaging lens components and said non-imaging concentrator components are configured as polymeric surfaces retaining a common liquid; said liquid comprising one or more wavelength absorbing additives effective to absorb solar energy from at least a portion of those wavelengths of said solar radiation substantially ineffective to evoke said photovoltaic output. 58. The panel apparatus of claim 56 in which: said imaging lens components and said non-imaging concentrator components are configured as polymeric surfaces retaining a common liquid; and said liquid comprises one or more wavelength shifting additives effective to shift at least a portion of ineffective solar energy components of said solar radiation to one or more wavelengths effective to evoke said photovoltaic output. 59. The panel apparatus of claim 43 in which: each said imaging lens component is a generally hemispherical lens having an effective thickness extending along said cell axis to an exit plane defining said exit area; and each said imaging lens component within said array being located in close adjacency with each next imaging lens component within said array. 60. The panel-like apparatus of claim 59 in which: each said imaging lens component is configured with a peripheral surface generally parallel with said axis extending from said exit plane a distance less than said thickness and exhibiting a cross section enhancing said location of close adjacency or commonality with each next imaging component within said array. 61. The panel apparatus of claim 60 in which: each said non-imaging entrance has a cross-section corresponding with said imaging lens component peripheral surface cross-section. 62. The panel apparatus of claim 60 in which: said cross-section is generally a circle. 63. The panel apparatus of claim 62 in which: said array of optical cells is configured with said imaging lens components arranged in a matrix of regular rows and columns. 64. The panel apparatus of claim 62 in which: said array of optical cells is configured with said imaging lens components arranged in a matrix of internested rows and columns. 65. The panel apparatus of claim 60 in which: said imaging lens component peripheral surface cross-section is substantially square; and each said multijunction photovoltaic cell receiving surface exhibits a substantially square periphery. 66. The panel apparatus of claim 43 in which: each said imaging lens component is a generally hemispherical lens having an effective thickness extending along said cell axis to an exit plane defining said exit area; and each said imaging lens component is configured with a peripheral surface generally parallel with said axis, extending from said exit plane a distance less than said effective thickness and exhibiting a regular polygon cross-section. 67. The panel apparatus of claim 66 in which: said regular polygon is a square. 68. The panel apparatus of claim 66 in which: said regular polygon is a triangle. 69. The panel apparatus of claim 66 in which: said regular polygon is a hexagon. 70. The panel apparatus of claim 43 in which: said panel apparatus exhibits a generally rectangular periphery having a length of about eight feet and a width of about four feet. 71. The panel apparatus of claim 70 in which: said array of optical cells is configured with said imaging lens components arranged in a matrix of rows and columns; and said collection network circuit components interconnect said photovoltaic outputs in series circuit fashion along each said row to provide oppositely disposed row outputs and said row outputs are electrically combined in parallel circuit fashion to derive said panel outputs. 72. The panel apparatus of claim 43 in which: said panel apparatus exhibits a generally rectangular periphery; said array of optical cells is configured with said imaging lens components arranged in a matrix of rows and columns; and said collection network circuit components interconnect said photovoltaic outputs in series circuit fashion along each said row to provide oppositely disposed row outputs and said row outputs are electrically combined in parallel circuit fashion to derive said panel outputs. 73. The panel apparatus of claim 72 in which: each of said photovoltaic cells exhibits a generally rectangular periphery having a rectangular upper edge border generally surrounding said receiving surface and an oppositely disposed mounting surface and having oppositely disposed electrical contact surfaces providing said photovoltaic output; said collection network comprises a generally rectangular back support having an electrically insulative support lattice generally configured with row and column components geometrically corresponding in offset fashion with said array of optical cell image component matrix of rows and columns, said row and column components combining to derive an array of support surfaces each configured to abuttably receive the said mounting surface of a photovoltaic cell, said row components supporting electrical conductors extending in electrical communication between the electrical contact surfaces of adjacent photovoltaic cells, and an electrically insulative overlay lattice generally configured with row and column components positioned over and fixed to said support lattice and configured with rectangular window openings each having a border region mountably engaging the said edge border of a said photovoltaic cell while providing light transfer communication with a said exit plane. 74. The system of claim 73 in which: said back support further comprises a thermoplastic resin frame of generally rectangular configuration supporting said support lattice and said array of optical cells and having oppositely disposed end periphery portions. 75. The panel apparatus of claim 74 in which: said back support frame is configured having oppositely disposed first and second inwardly bendable ground engaging flanges extending oppositely outwardly from the end periphery portions of said frame. 76. The panel apparatus of claim 75 in which: said first inwardly bendable ground engaging flange is configured with optionally deployable spaced apart ground engageable legs effective, when deployed by downward bending to effect a sloping of said array of optical cells. 77. A system for deriving an electrical output from radiation of the sun, comprising: one or more arrays of panels supported in substantially stationary fashion from a ground surface; each said panel of said one or more arrays of panels comprising an array of superconcentrator optical cells each having an outwardly facing imaging lens component disposed about a cell axis, performing in conjunction with adjacent imaging lens components to exhibit a field of view effective for accepting solar radiation during a substantial portion of a day, exhibiting an imaging lens exit area and generally imaging accepted radiation to an image plane, and one or more, non-imaging, internally reflecting concentrator components receiving radiation from said image plane, effecting its homogenization and concentrating it to an exit plane exhibiting a concentration area substantially less than said imaging lens exit area to define a concentration ratio; each said panel having a corresponding array of discrete multijunction photovoltaic cells each such cell having an active receiving surface of area extent generally corresponding with said concentration area, located substantially at said exit plane to define a sparse photovoltaic cell array and each having a photovoltaic cell output in response to radiation at said exit plane; each said panel having a panel collection network with circuit components receiving each said photovoltaic cell output and providing one or more panel outputs; and said panel outputs within said array of panels being combined to provide one or more array outputs. 78. The system of claim 77 in which: said concentration ratio is greater than about 100:1. 79. The system of claim 77 in which: each said imaging lens component is configured as a thin polymeric shell retaining a liquid; each said concentrator component is configured as a thin polymeric shell retaining a liquid; each said panel exhibits a generally rectangular periphery having two oppositely disposed width defining end peripheries and two oppositely disposed lengthwise sides; said array of optical cells and associated said array of photovoltaic cells are mounted in a matrix array of columns generally parallel with said end peripheries and rows generally parallel with lengthwise said sides; and said panel collection network circuit components electrically couple said photovoltaic outputs in series circuit fashion along each row and electrically connect such row defined series coupled outputs in parallel circuit fashion such that said panel outputs extend at locations generally adjacent said end peripheries and two oppositely disposed lengthwise sides. 80. The system of claim 78 in which: each said panel exhibits a said lengthwise side which is of greater extent than a said end periphery. 81. The system of claim 80 in which: each said panel exhibits a said lengthwise side with a length of about eight feet and a said end periphery with a length of about four feet. 82. The system of claim 79 in which: said panels within an array of panels being arranged such that the lengthwise sides of adjacent panels are generally mutually parallel and said end peripheries are mutually aligned; and adjacent said panels within said array of panels being spaced apart at said lengthwise sides and pivotally interconnected in a joining configuration effective to carry out the Z-folding of a said array of panels to facilitate the transportation thereof. 83. The system of claim 82 in which: said adjacent panels within an array are mutually electrically interconnected at said panel outputs with flexible electrical cabling effective to derive said pivotal interconnection. 84. The system of claim 83 in which: said flexible electrical cabling is electrically conductive braided cable. 85. The system of claim 82 in which: each said panel lengthwise side is about eight feet in length, and each said end periphery is about four feet in length. 86. The system of claim 82 in which: each said panel within a said array of panels further comprises a generally rectangular panel back support configured to support said sparse photovoltaic cell array and said panel collection network. 87. The system of claim 86 in which said panel back support comprises: an electrically insulative support lattice generally configured with row and column components corresponding with said matrix mounting of said array of photovoltaic cells, said row and column components providing an array of support surfaces each configured to support a photovoltaic cell and said panel collection network circuit components being supported at said row components, and an electrically insulative overlay lattice positioned over and fixed to said support lattice and configured with window openings providing radiation transfer communication between said photovoltaic cell active receiving surface and a corresponding said exit plane. 88. The system of claim 87 in which: said support lattice is configured to provide heat transfer communication at least between each said photovoltaic cell active receiving surface and said liquid retained by said concentrator component. 89. The system of claim 87 in which: said superconcentrator optical cells and said panel back support are formed of a polyester resin. 90. The system of claim 89 in which: said polyester resin is polyethylene terephthalate. 91. The system of claim 87 in which: said panel support is configured having oppositely disposed first and second inwardly bendable ground engaging flanges extending outwardly from said end peripheries. 92. The system of claim 91 in which: said first inwardly bendable ground engaging flange is configured with optionally deployable spaced apart ground engageable legs effective, when deployed by downward bending to effect a sloping of said array of optical cells. 93. The system of claim 77 further comprising: an assemblage of storage battery cells coupled in charging relationship with said array outputs and having d.c. terminals. 94. The system of claim 93 in which: said storage battery cells are sodium sulfur cells. 95. The system of claim 93 further comprising: a d.c. transmission system coupling said battery terminals in energy transfer relationship with an energy conversion facility. 