There is provided a medicament dispenser comprising a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism, a container seat for receipt of the container; an anchor station; and a coupling between said container seat and said anchor station capable on deformation of moving the container seat relative to the anchor station to actuate the dispensing mechanism. The coupling is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, The non-mechanical energy may comprise heat energy, electrical cur-rent energy, electrical field energy or magnetic field energy.
Claims 1. A medicament dispenser comprising a housing; a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat for receipt of the container; an anchor station on the housing or connecting therewith; and a coupling between said container seat and said anchor station capable on deformation of moving the container seat relative to the anchor station to actuate the dispensing mechanism, wherein the coupling is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 2. A medicament dispenser comprising a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat for receipt of the container; a dispenser seat for receipt of the dispensing mechanism; and a coupling between said container seat and said dispenser seat capable on deformation of moving the container seat relative to the dispenser seat to actuate the dispensing mechanism, wherein the coupling is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 3. A medicament dispenser comprising a housing; a medicament container for containing medicament for release; an aerosol container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat for receipt of the aerosol container; an anchor station on the housing or connecting therewith; and a coupling between said container seat and said anchor station capable on deformation of moving the container seat relative to the anchor station to actuate the dispensing mechanism to energise released medicament, wherein the coupling is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 4. A medicament dispenser comprising a medicament container for containing medicament for release; an aerosol container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat for receipt of the container; a dispenser seat for receipt of the dispensing mechanism; and a coupling between said container seat and said dispenser seat capable on deformation of moving the container seat relative to the dispenser seat to actuate the dispensing mechanism to energise released medicament, wherein the coupling is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 5. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 4, wherein the dispensing mechanism is selected from the group consisting of a valve, pump or plunger mechanism. 6. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 5, wherein the dispensing mechanism comprises a metering mechanism. 7. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 6, additionally comprising a reset mechanism for resetting the dispensing mechanism after actuation thereof. 8. A medicament dispenser according to claim 7, wherein the reset mechanism comprises a reset coupling which is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 9. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 8, wherein said non-mechanical energy comprises electric current flow through the coupling. 10. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 9, wherein the coupling comprises a wire, strip, coil or tube. 11. A medicament dispenser according to claim 10, wherein the coupling comprises multiple wires, strips, coils or tubes. 12. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 11, wherein the coupling comprises one or more wires which contract in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 13. A medicament dispenser according to claim 12, wherein the coupling exhibits a degree of contraction of from 2% to 8% on application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 14. A medicament dispenser according to claim 13, wherein the coupling comprises an alloy which undergoes a phase transition on application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 15. A medicament dispenser according to claim 14, wherein said alloy is a nickel-titanium alloy. 16. A medicament dispenser according to claim 15, wherein said nickel-titanium alloy comprises from 5% to 95% nickel by weight and from 95% to 5% titanium by weight, preferably from 20% to 80% nickel by weight and from 80% to 20% titanium by weight. 17. A medicament dispenser according to either of claims 15 or 16, wherein said nickel-titanium alloy additionally comprises copper, niobium or any mixtures thereof. 18. A medicament dispenser according to claim 14, wherein the alloy is a copper-zinc-aluminum alloy or a copper-aluminum-nickel alloy. 19. A medicament dispenser according to claim 14, wherein the alloy has the composition defined as Ni.sub.65-x-yMn.sub.20+xGa.sub.15+y, where x is between 3 atomic % and 15 atomic % and y is between 3 atomic % and 12 atomic %. 20. A medicament dispenser according to claim 14, wherein the alloy has the composition defined as (Ni.sub.aFe.sub.bCo.sub.c).sub.65-x-y(Mn.sub.d- Fe.sub.eCo.sub.f).sub.20+x(Ga.sub.gSi.sub.hAl.sub.i).sub.15+y, where x is between 3 atomic % and 15 atomic % and y is between 3 atomic % and 12 atomic %, and where a+b+c=1, where d+e+f=1, and g+h+i=1. 21. A medicament dispenser according to claim 14, wherein the alloy comprises an ion-exchange polymer composite. 22. A medicament dispenser according to claim 14, wherein the alloy comprises a contractile polymer. 23. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 12 to 22, wherein said one or more wires have a diameter from 30 to 400 micrometers, preferably from 50 to 150 micrometers. 24. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 12 to 23, wherein the coupling comprises from two to twenty, preferably six to twelve wires which contract in response to heating or application of a magnetic field thereto. 25. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 24, wherein said strip comprises multiple layers of different metals. 26. A medicament dispenser according to claim 25, wherein the strip comprises a bimetallic strip. 27. A medicament dispenser according to either of claims 25 or 26, wherein the strip comprises at least one piezoelectric material. 28. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 27, wherein the coupling is deformable in response to heating arising from electrical current flow in the range from 0.01A to 100A, preferably from 0.1A to 5A. 29. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 27, wherein the coupling is deformable in response to a magnetic field of from 0.01 to 100 Tesla. 30. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 29, additionally comprising an electrical energy source. 31. A medicament dispenser according to claim 30, wherein said electrical energy source comprises a voltaic cell or battery of voltaic cells. 32. A medicament dispenser according to claim 31, wherein said voltaic cell or battery of voltaic cells is rechargeable. 33. A medicament dispenser according to claim 30, wherein said electrical energy source comprises a photovoltaic cell or battery of photovoltaic cells. 34. A medicament dispenser according to claim 30, wherein said electrical energy source comprises a converter for converting mechanical energy into electrical energy. 35. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 30 to 34, additionally comprising a controller for controlling the amount of electrical current flow through the coupling or to an electromagnet to provide a magnetic field. 36. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 30 to 35, additionally comprising a timer for controlling the duration of electrical current flow through the coupling or to an electromagnet to provide a magnetic field. 37. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 30 to 36 additionally comprising a local electrical energy store. 38. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 37, wherein said medicament container is a medicament aerosol container. 39. A medicament dispenser according to claim 38, wherein said medicament aerosol container comprises a suspension of a medicament in a propellant. 40. A medicament dispenser according to claim 39, wherein, said propellant comprises liquefied HFA134a, HFA-227, helium or carbon dioxide. 41. A medicament dispenser according to claim 40, wherein said medicament aerosol container comprises a solution of a medicament in a solvent. 42. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 38 to 42, wherein said aerosol container comprises a compressed air or gas and the medicament container comprises medicament in dry powder form. 43. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 39 to 42, wherein the medicament is selected from the group consisting of albuterol, salmeterol, fluticasone propionate, beclomethasone dipropionate, salts or solvates thereof and any mixtures thereof. 44. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 5 to 43, wherein the valve is a slide valve. 45. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 5 to 44, wherein the valve is a metering valve. 46. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 45, wherein the container seat is shaped for snug receipt of the base of the medicament container or aerosol container. 47. A medicament dispenser according to claim 2 or any of claims 4 to 47, wherein the dispenser seat is shaped for snug receipt of the tip of the dispensing mechanism. 48. A medicament dispenser according to claim 47, wherein the dispenser seat is further shaped to support the walls of the medicament container or aerosol container. 49. A medicament dispenser according to claim 48, wherein the container seat and dispenser seat in combination form a cradle for the medicament container or aerosol container. 50. A medicament dispenser according to claim 2 or any of claims 4 to 49, wherein the container seat and dispenser seat comprise electrically conducting material and the medicament container or aerosol container is electrically insulated therefrom. 51. A medicament dispenser according to claim 50, wherein the dispensing mechanism comprises an electrically insulating material. 52. A medicament dispenser according to claim 51, wherein the dispensing mechanism comprises an electrically conducting material and an insulator is provided between the dispensing mechanism and the dispenser seat. 53. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 52, wherein flow of electrical current through the coupling and hence, actuation of the dispensing mechanism is responsive to a patient-actuable trigger. 54. A medicament dispenser according to claim 53, wherein said trigger comprises a button, switch or lever arrangement. 55. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 54, in the form of an inhaler for the delivery of inhalable medicament. 56. A medicament dispenser according to claim 55, wherein heating arising from flow of electrical current through the coupling and hence, actuation of the dispensing mechanism is responsive to a patient-actuable trigger comprising a sensor which senses the breath of a patient. 57. A medicament dispenser according to claim 56, wherein said sensor comprises a breath-movable element which is movable in response to the breath of a patient. 58. A medicament dispenser according to claim 57, wherein said breath-movable element is selected from the group consisting of a vane, a sail, a piston, a diaphragm and an impeller. 59. A medicament dispenser according to claim 56, wherein said sensor comprises a pressure sensor for sensing the pressure profile associated with the breath of a patient. 60. A medicament dispenser according to claim 56, wherein said sensor comprises an airflow sensor for sensing the airflow profile associated with the breath of a patient. 61. A medicament dispenser according to claim 56, wherein said sensor comprises a temperature sensor for sensing the temperature profile associated with the breath of a patient. 62. A medicament dispenser according to claim 56, wherein said sensor comprises a moisture sensor for sensing the moisture profile associated with the breath of a patient. 63. A medicament dispenser according to claim 56, wherein said sensor comprises a gas sensor for sensing the oxygen or carbon dioxide profile associated with the breath of a patient. 64. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 55 to 63, wherein the coupling is exposable to the airflow arising from inhalation or expiration of the patient to assist in the cooling of the coupling post-actuation of the dispensing mechanism. 65. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 64 comprising an actuation counter for counting the number of actuations of the dispensing mechanism or a dose counter for counting the number of doses delivered. 66. A medicament dispenser according to claim 65, wherein the actuation counter is independent of the coupling. 67. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 66, comprising a manual override enabling manual actuation of the dispensing mechanism. 68. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 67 additionally comprising an electronic control system for controlling the supply of non-mechanical energy to the coupling. 69. A medicament dispenser according to claim 68, wherein the electronic control system is capable of providing pulses of non-mechanical energy to the coupling. 70. A medicament dispenser according to either of claims 68 or 69, wherein the electronic control system is capable of receiving inputs from electronic sensors locatable on the dispenser. 71. A medicament dispenser according to claim 70, additionally comprising an electronic sensor selected from the group consisting of a breath sensor, a shake sensor, a temperature sensor, an infrared sensor and a patient ID sensor. 72. An actuator for a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism comprising a container seat for receipt of the medicament container; a dispenser seat for receipt of the dispensing mechanism; and a coupling between said container seat and said dispenser seat capable on deformation of moving the container seat relative to the dispenser seat to actuate the dispensing mechanism, wherein the coupling is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 73. An actuator for a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism comprising a housing; within said housing, a container seat for receipt of the medicament container; on the housing or connecting therewith, an anchor station; and a coupling between said container seat and said anchor station capable on deformation of moving the container seat relative to the anchor station to actuate the dispensing mechanism, wherein the coupling is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 74. An actuator for a medicament dispenser having a medicament container and separately an aerosol container having a dispensing mechanism comprising a housing, shaped for receipt of said medicament container for containing medicament for release; within said housing, a container seat for receipt of said aerosol container having a dispensing mechanism; an anchor station on the housing or connecting therewith; and a coupling between said container seat and said anchor station capable on deformation of moving the container seat relative to the anchor station to actuate the dispensing mechanism to energise released medicament, wherein the coupling is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 75. An actuator for a medicament dispenser having a medicament container and separately an aerosol container having a dispensing mechanism comprising a housing, shaped for receipt of said medicament container for containing medicament for release; an aerosol container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat for receipt of said aerosol container having a dispensing mechanism; a dispenser seat for receipt of the dispensing mechanism; and a coupling between said container seat and said dispenser seat capable on deformation of moving the container seat relative to the dispenser seat to actuate the dispensing mechanism to energise released medicament, wherein the coupling is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 76. An actuator according to any of claims 72 to 75, wherein said heating is achievable by electric current flow through the coupling. 77. An actuator according to any of claims 72 to 76, wherein the coupling comprises one or more wires which contract in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 78. An actuator according to any of claims 72 to 77, wherein said coupling comprises an alloy which undergoes a phase transition on the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 79. An actuator according to claim 78, wherein said alloy is a nickel-titanium alloy. 80. An actuator according to any of claims 72 to 79 additionally comprising an electronic control system for controlling the supply of non-mechanical energy to the coupling. 81. An actuator according to claim 80, wherein the electronic control system is capable of providing pulses of non-mechanical energy to the coupling. 82. An actuator according to either of claims 80 or 81, wherein the electronic control system is capable of receiving inputs from electronic sensors locatable on the dispenser. 83. An actuator according to claim 82, additionally comprising an electronic sensor selected from the group consisting of a breath sensor, a shake sensor, a temperature sensor, an infrared sensor and a patient ID sensor. 84. Laboratory test apparatus for testing a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism comprising at least one actuator according to any of claims 72 to 83 and a mounting for said at least one actuator. 85. Kit of parts comprising a medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 71 in the form of a cartridge; and a housing shaped for receipt of said cartridge. 