A plenum structure for cooling both a roof and a solar module includes an upper surface comprising at least a portion of a bottom face of a solar module having a length and a width and an under surface comprising a top face of a pan structure disposed a first vertical spacing directly below the upper surface and a second vertical spacing above the roof. The plenum structure includes a first side face and a second side face respectively coupled to the upper surface and the under surface, a first end face and a second end face respectively coupled to upper surface, the under surface, the first side face, and the second side face to enclose a spatial volume defined by the length, the width, and the first vertical spacing.
Claims 1. A plenum structure for cooling both a roof and a solar module on the roof, the plenum structure comprising: an upper surface comprising at least a portion of a bottom face of a solar module having a length and a width; an under surface comprising a top face of a pan structure disposed a first vertical spacing directly below the upper surface and a second vertical spacing above the roof; a first side face and a second side face respectively coupled to the upper surface and the under surface; a first end face and a second end face respectively coupled to upper surface, the under surface, the first side face, and the second side face to enclose a spatial volume defined by the length, the width, and the first vertical spacing; at least one opening structure associated with the first end face for drawing an airflow into the spatial volume; and an exit opening being disposed in a vicinity of the under surface and the second end face for extracting out the airflow flowing through the spatial volume, wherein the under surface and the under surface modulate the airflow for removing thermal energy generated by the solar module at least partially. 2. The plenum structure of claim 1 wherein the solar module comprises a combination of one or more photovoltaic modules and one or more thermal solar modules. 3. The plenum structure of claim 1 wherein the bottom face of the solar module comprises a tedlar attachment with/without a frame surrounded. 4. The plenum structure of claim 3 wherein the tedlar attachment comprises a plurality of fins with a feature size ranging from a tenth of millimeters to a few millimeters. 5. The plenum structure of claim 3 wherein the tedlar attachment comprises a plurality of random textures with a RMS roughness less than a millimeter. 6. The plenum structure of claim 1 wherein the first side face and the second side face are respectively associated with a first mounting rail and the second mounting rail configured to couple with the solar module and the pan structure to cause both the upper surface and the under surface being inclined substantially with a slope on the roof 7. The plenum structure of claim 1 wherein the first end face comprises a solid sheet material with a plurality of through-holes. 8. The plenum structure of claim 7 wherein the plurality of through-holes comprises a size ranging from a few millimeters up to the width. 9. The plenum structure of claim 1 wherein the exit opening is coupled via a duct to a processing module for controlling the airflow in terms of both the flow rate and a flow direction. 10. The plenum structure of claim 1 wherein the pan structure comprises a solid sheet material including a plurality of shaped turbulators having feature heights up to the first vertical spacing between the upper surface and the under surface for modulating the airflow to enhance heat transfer from the bottom face of the solar module. 11. The plenum structure of claim 10 wherein each of the plurality of shaped turbulators comprises one or a combination of several texture structures selected from an angled fin, a shaped prism, a semi-cylinder, a hemi-sphere dome, a honeycomb, a zigzag comb, and a machined random texture. 12. The plenum structure of claim 10 wherein each of the plurality of shaped turbulators comprises a feature width of about a few millimeters to a few centimeters and a feature length ranging from a few centimeters up to the width. 13. The plenum structure of claim 1 wherein the pan structure further comprises a thermally insulation material installed within the second vertical spacing between the under surface and the roof 14. The plenum structure of claim 1 wherein the airflow determines a first temperature profile through the spatial volume from the one or more openings to the exit opening and the pan structure determines a second temperature profile of the roof underneath. 15. The plenum structure of claim 14 wherein the first temperature profile is at least characterized by substantially reduced temperature values through its bottom face compared to those without the airflow and the second temperature profile is at least characterized by substantially reduced temperature values across the roof compared to a bare roof 16. A method for providing a cool roof utilizing a plenum structure associated with a solar panel mounted on the roof, the method comprising: mounting a first rail structure and a second rail structure to a roof, the first rail and the second rail being inclined with a slope with respect to a horizontal plane; installing a pan structure to the first rail structure and the second rail structure, the pan structure comprising a planar material substantially inclined with the slope to cover a portion of the roof, the pan structure having a width and a length; coupling a solar panel to the first rail structure and the second rail structure, the solar panel being disposed at a distance directly above the pan structure to form a plenum structure characterized by a volume of spatial region caped between the solar panel and the pan structure and sided with the first rain structure and the second rail structure, the plenum structure including at least an intake region near a lower end of the pan structure inclined with the slope and an exit region located substantially near a higher end of the pan structure; drawing an airflow at a flow rate through the plenum structure from the intake region to the exit region; and maintaining a temperature profile through the plenum structure using at least the flow rate of the airflow modulated by the pan structure. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein the temperature profile comprises a first temperature value at the intake region, a second temperature value in the vicinity of the exit region, and a third temperature value representing an average temperature outside the plenum structure between the pan structure and the roof, the first temperature value being substantially equal to an ambient air temperature under the sun light, the second temperature value being higher than the first temperature value, and the third temperature being substantially equal to or lower than the ambient air temperature. 18. The method of claim 16 wherein the solar panel comprises a bottom surface inclined with a slope substantially equal to and greater than the slope, the bottom surface being an upper face of the plenum structure. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein the bottom surface comprises a tedlar attachment having a plurality of machine roughened textures with a RMS roughness less than a millimeter. 20. The method of claim 16 wherein the solar panel comprises a combination of one or more photovoltaic modules and one or more thermal solar modules. 21. The method of claim 16 wherein the pan structure comprises a plurality of turbulators protruded above the planar material, each of the plurality of turbulators having a feature height up to the distance between the bottom face and the planar material. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein each of the plurality of turbulators comprises one or a combination of several texture structures selected from an angled fin, a shaped prism, a semi-cylinder, a hemi-sphere dome, a honeycomb, a zigzag comb, and a machined random texture for causing local air turbulation and flow rate modulation for enhancing thermal energy transfer from the solar module to the airflow. 23. The method of claim 21 wherein each of the plurality of turbulators comprises a feature width of about a few millimeters to a few centimeters and a feature length ranging from a few centimeters up to the width or length of the pan structure. 24. The method of claim 16 wherein the pan structure further comprises a thermal insulation material installed such that an air gap exists between the thermal insulation material and the roof. 25. The method of claim 16 wherein the roof has a slope ranging from zero to substantially greater than 1.0. 26. The method of claim 16 wherein drawing the airflow at the flow rate through the plenum structure from the intake region to the exit region comprises using a flow processing module coupled to the exit region. 