Rectangular PV modules are mounted on a building roof by mounting stands that are distributed in rows and columns. Each stand comprises a base plate that rests on the building roof and first and second brackets of different height attached to opposite ends of the base plate. Each bracket comprises dual module-supporting members for supporting two different PV modules, and each PV module has a mounting stud adjacent to each of its four corners. At one end each module is supported by pivotal attachment of two of its mounting studs to module-supporting members of different first brackets. At its other end each module rests on module-supporting members of two different second brackets, whereby the modules assume a predetermined angle of tilt relative to the roof. Two tethers connect the other two mounting studs to the two different second brackets on which the module rests. The tethers allow the modules to pivot up away from the module-supporting members on which they rest to a substantially horizontal position in response to wind uplift forces, thereby enabling the PV modules and their supporting stands to withstand high velocity winds without the base plates being physically attached to the supporting roof structure.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic assembly in combination with a building roof, said assembly comprising: a plurality of PV modules each having first and second opposite ends and first and second opposite sides extending between said opposite ends; and a plurality of mounting stands for said PV modules distributed on said roof, each of said mounting stands comprising a base plate resting on said roof, first and second PV module-supporting members mounted to said base plate in spaced side-by-side relation with one another, and third and fourth PV module-supporting members mounted to said base plate in spaced side-by-side relation with one another and in spaced relation with said first and second PV module-supporting members, all of said PV module-supporting members extending upwardly from said base plate away from said roof with said first and second PV module-supporting members extending upwardly further than said third and fourth PV module-supporting members, each of said PV modules (a) at its first opposite end being pivotally connected to the first and second PV module-supporting members of first and second ones of said mounting stands by first and second means located at its said first and second opposite sides, and (b) at its said second opposite end resting on and being supported by the third and fourth PV module-supporting members of third and fourth ones of said mounting stands in tilted relation to said roof, whereby said modules can pivot to raise said second opposite ends thereof up out of engagement with said third and fourth PV module-supporting members; first and second tethers associated with each PV module; means connecting said first and second tethers to said first and second opposite sides of said each PV module adjacent said second opposite end thereof; and means connecting said first and second tethers to the said third and fourth mounting stands whose third and fourth PV module-supporting members support said each module; said first and second tethers being arranged to limit the extent to which said modules can pivot upwardly out of engagement with said third and fourth PV module-supporting members. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein each of said first and second tethers comprises a metal cable. 3. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein each of said mounting stands comprises first and second anchor members adjacent to said third and fourth PV module supporting members, and further wherein said first and second tethers are secured to said fist and second anchor members respectively. 4. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein each module is rectangular and has first and second mounting studs projecting outwardly from said first opposite side thereof and third and fourth mounting studs projecting outwardly from said second opposite side thereof, with said first and third studs being located adjacent said first opposite end of the module and said second and fourth studs being located adjacent said second opposite end of the module, said first and third studs being pivotally attached to said first and second PV first module-supporting members of said first and second mounting stands. 5. Apparatus according to claim 4 wherein said first and second PV module-supporting members have openings in which said first and second studs are received so as to pivotally lock said PV modules to said first and second module-supporting members. 6. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said all of said first, second, third and fourth module-supporting members have a fixed length. 7. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein each stand is characterized by means that permit adjustment of the distance separating its said first and second module-supporting members from its said third and fourth module-supporting members. 8. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said stands are distributed on said roof in rows and columns, and each of said PV modules is supported by two stands in one row and two stands in another adjacent row. 9. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said first and second PV module-supporting members of each stand are integral parts of a bracket that is secured to the said base plate of said stand. 10. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said third and fourth PV module-supporting members of each stand are integral parts of a bracket that is secured to the said base plate of said stand. 11. A photovoltaic assembly in combination with a building roof, said assembly comprising: a plurality of PV modules each having first and second opposite ends and first and second opposite sides extending between said opposite ends; a plurality of mounting stands for said PV modules distributed on said roof, each of said mounting stands comprising a base plate resting on said roof and first and second brackets, each of said first brackets comprising said first and second module-supporting members and a first base portion connecting said first and second module-supporting members and each of said second brackets comprising said third and fourth module-supporting members and a second base portion connecting said third and fourth module-supporting members, with said first and second base portions being attached to said base plate; said first and second module-supporting members of said first bracket being connected to one of the first and second opposite sides of first and second PV modules respectively adjacent to said first ends of said first and second PV modules, and said third and fourth module-supporting members of said second bracket serving as a rest for third and fourth PV modules, with said first and second PV modules having pivotal connections to said first and second module-supporting members of said first bracket and engaging said third and fourth module-supporting members adjacent said second opposite ends of said first and second PV modules, whereby each PV module is pivotally supported by module supporting members of two different first brackets and rest on module supporting members of two different second brackets; and first and second tethers connecting opposite sides of said each PV module to the second brackets that comprise the third and fourth module-supporting members on which said each PV module rests, said tethers having an effective length that allows said each PV module to pivot up away from the third and fourth module-supporting members on which it rests. 12. Apparatus according to claim 11 wherein said first and second module-supporting members have a height that is greater than that of said third and fourth module-supporting members, and further wherein each PV module is tilted relative to said roof when it is resting on said third and fourth module-supporting members. 13. Apparatus according to claim 12 wherein said tethers have a length that allows said PV modules to pivot up to a position substantially parallel to the plane of said roof. 14. Apparatus according to claim 11 wherein said first or second brackets are movable on said base plates, whereby to adjust the distance between said first and second brackets on said base plates. 15. Apparatus according to claim 11 wherein said arms all extend parallel to one another and at a right angle to said base plates. 16. Apparatus according to claim 11 wherein said base plates are elongate and have a longitudinal axis, and further wherein said brackets are U-shaped and said module-supporting members are flat and extend parallel to one another and also to the longitudinal axis of the base plate to which the brackets are attached. 