A wind turbine has a visual envelope suggestive of a flame. The turbine has a rotor adapted to rotate about an axis of rotation that is perpendicular to a direction of a prevailing wind. The visual envelope is curvilinear, generally wider toward the root end, and narrower near the tip. A power take off device converts rotation of the rotor into a useful and preferably transmissible form of energy.
Claims 1. A wind turbine comprising: a rotor adapted to rotate about an axis of rotation that is perpendicular to a direction of a prevailing wind, said rotor having blades characterized by having: (a) a root end, (b) a tip end remote from the root end along the axis of rotation, and (c) a curvilinear radial envelope that is generally wider toward the root end and narrower near the tip; and a fixed supporting structure. 2. A wind turbine as in claim 1 wherein the minimum envelope width is less than about fifty percent (50%) the maximum envelope width. 3. A wind turbine as in claim 1 wherein the minimum envelope width is less than about twenty five percent (25%) the maximum envelope tip. 4. A wind turbine as in claim 1 wherein the minimum envelope radius is less than about ten percent (10%) the maximum envelope radius. 5. A wind turbine as in claim 1 where the rotor comprises a plurality of blades oriented axially along the axis of rotation, each blade having a root end proximate to the rotor root end and a tip end proximate to the rotor tip end, each blade having a leading edge position at the tip end that is advanced circumferentially around the axis of rotation relative to the leading edge position at the root end. 6. A wind turbine as in claim 5 wherein a blade leading edge position at the tip end is advanced at least about sixty degrees (60 deg.) around the axis of rotation relative to the leading edge position at the root end. 7. A wind turbine as in claim 5 wherein a blade leading edge position at the tip end is advanced at least about ninety degrees (90 deg.) around the axis of rotation relative to the leading edge position at the root end. 8. A wind turbine as in claim 1 wherein the rotor is without a central axel along the axis of rotation. 9. A wind turbine as in claim 1 further including a housing at the root end enclosing an electric generator. 10. A wind turbine as in claim 1 wherein the rotor further includes a housing at the root end enclosing an electric generator. 11. A wind turbine as in claim 9 wherein the housing couples to the rotor of an electric generator. 12. A wind turbine as in claim 9 wherein the housing couples to the stator of an electric generator 13. A wind turbine as in claim 9 wherein the housing includes a first part coupled to rotate with the blades and a second part coupled to remain non-rotational. 14. A wind turbine as in claim 1 further including a power take off device. 15. A wind turbine as in claim 1 further including at least one photovoltaic cell. 16. A wind turbine as in claim 1 further including an attachment fixture for mounting to a post. 17. A wind turbine as in claim 1 further including a fineal coupling the blades at the tip ends. 18. A wind turbine as in claim 1 wherein: (a) the rotor has an envelope with a maximum width and height; and (b) the cross sectional area of the envelope is less than the area of a rectangle having the maximum height and width. 