A combined battery and wireless-communications apparatus and method. In some embodiments, the apparatus includes a support, a first conductive layer deposited on a first surface area of the support, a thin-film battery including a cathode layer, a solid-state electrolyte layer, and an anode layer deposited such that either the anode layer or the cathode layer is in electrical contact with the first conductive layer, an antenna mounted to the support structure, and an electronic communications circuit mounted to the support and electrically coupled to the battery and the antenna to transceive radio communications. Other embodiments include an energy-receiving device mounted to the support structure, and an electronic communications circuit mounted to the support structure and including a recharging circuit, the recharging circuit electrically coupled to the battery and the energy-receiving device to recharge the battery using energy received by the energy-receiving device.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A combined battery and wireless-communications apparatus comprising: a support structure; a first conductive layer deposited on a first surface area of the support structure; a thin-film battery comprising a cathode layer; a solid-state electrolyte layer, and an anode layer deposited such that either the anode layer or the cathode layer is in electrical contact with the first conductive layer, and the electrolyte layer in contact with and completely separating the anode layer and the cathode layer; an antenna mounted to the support structure; and an electronic communications circuit mounted to the support structure and electrically coupled to the battery and the antenna to transceive radio communications. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the anode or the cathode or both include an intercalation material or a metal or both. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: the cathode layer comprises a lithium intercalation material deposited on the first conductive layer; and the electrolyte layer comprises LiPON. 4. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: the cathode layer comprises lithium cobalt oxide deposited on the first conductive layer; and the electrolyte layer comprises LiPON. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the support structure comprises a curved shape having a convex face and an opposing concave face, and the battery is located on the concave face. 6. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the antenna is a thin-film trace deposited on the battery. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the antenna is a thin-film trace deposited on the electronic communications circuit. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the antenna is a thin-film trace deposited on the support structure. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the electronic circuit includes a recharging circuit that recharges the battery using energy received by the antenna. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising: a photovoltaic cell, wherein the electronic circuit includes a recharging circuit that recharges the battery using energy received by the photovoltaic cell. 11. A method for making an integrated combined battery and wireless-communications device comprising: providing a support structure; depositing a first conductive layer on a first surface area of the support structure; depositing a thin-film battery comprising a cathode layer; a solid-state electrolyte layer, and an anode layer deposited such that either the anode layer or the cathode layer is in electrical contact with the first conductive layer, and the electrolyte layer in contact with and completely separating the anode layer and the cathode layer; mounting an antenna to the support structure; mounting an electronic communications circuit to the support structure; and electrically coupling the electronic communications circuit to the battery and the antenna to transceive radio communications. 12. The method according to claim 11, wherein the anode or the cathode or both include an intercalation material or a metal or both. 13. The method according to claim 11, wherein the depositing of the thin-film battery comprises: depositing a lithium intercalation material on the first conductive layer as the cathode layer; and depositing the electrolyte layer on the cathode layer, wherein the electrolyte layer comprises LiPON. 14. The method according to claim 11, wherein the depositing of the thin-film battery comprises: depositing a lithium cobalt oxide material on the first conductive layer as the cathode layer; and depositing the electrolyte layer on the cathode layer, wherein the electrolyte layer comprises LiPON. 15. The method according to claim 11, wherein the depositing of the thin-film battery comprises: depositing the cathode layer on the first conductive layer; depositing the electrolyte layer on the cathode layer, wherein the electrolyte layer comprises LiPON; and depositing the anode layer comprising a lithium intercalation material on the electrolyte layer. 16. The method according to claim 11, wherein the support structure has a curved shape having a convex face and a concave face, and the battery is located on the concave face. 17. The method according to claim 11, wherein the mounting of the antenna comprises depositing a thin-film trace on the battery. 18. The method according to claim 11, wherein the mounting of the antenna comprises depositing a thin-film trace on the electronic communications circuit. 19. The method according to claim 11, wherein mounting of the antenna comprises depositing a thin-film trace on the support structure. 20. The method according to claim 11, wherein the electronic circuit includes a recharging circuit that recharges the battery using energy received by the antenna. 21. The apparatus according to claim 11, further comprising: mounting a photovoltaic cell to the support structure, wherein the electronic circuit includes a recharging circuit that recharges the battery using energy received by the photovoltaic cell. 22. An integrated combined battery and wireless-recharging apparatus comprising: a support structure; a first conductive layer deposited on a first surface area of the support structure; a thin-film battery comprising a cathode layer; a solid-state electrolyte layer, and an anode layer deposited such that either the anode layer or the cathode layer is in electrical contact with the first conductive layer, and the electrolyte layer in contact with and completely separating the anode layer and the cathode layer; an energy-receiving device mounted to the support structure; and an electronic communications circuit mounted to the support structure and including a recharging circuit, the recharging circuit electrically coupled to the battery and the energy-receiving device to recharge the battery using energy received by the energy-receiving device. 23. The apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the anode or the cathode or both include an intercalation material or a metal or both, and wherein the electrolyte layer comprises LiPON. 24. The apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the cathode layer comprises lithium cobalt oxide deposited on the first conductive layer, and wherein the electrolyte layer comprises LiPON. 25. The apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the energy-receiving device comprises a photovoltaic cell. 26. The apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the energy-receiving device comprises an antenna. 27. The apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the energy-receiving device comprises an electromechanical electric generator. 28. The apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the energy-receiving device comprises an acoustic transducer. 29. The apparatus according to claim 22, further comprising a magnetic transducer. 30. The apparatus according to claim 22, further comprising an acoustic transducer. 31. The apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the apparatus operates as a hearing aid. 32. The apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the apparatus operates as an implantable medical device. 33. The apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the apparatus operates as a timepiece. 