Rectangular PV modules (6) are mounted on a building roof (4) by mounting stands that are distributed in rows and columns. Each stand comprises a base plate (10) that rests on the building roof (4) and first and second brackets (12, 14) of different height attached to opposite ends of the base plate (10). Each bracket (12, 14) has dual members for supporting two different PV modules (6), and each PV module (6) has a mounting pin (84) adjacent to each of its four corners. Each module (6) is supported by attachment of two of its mounting pins (84) to different first brackets (12), whereby the modules (6) and their supporting stands are able to resist uplift forces resulting from high velocity winds without the base plates (10) being physically attached to the supporting roof structure (4). Preferably the second brackets (14) have a telescoping construction that permits their effective height to vary from less than to substantially the same as that of the first brackets (12).
Claims 1. A photovoltaic assembly in combination with a building roof, said assembly comprising: a plurality of PV modules; and a plurality of PV module mounting stands distributed on said roof, each of said mounting stands comprising a base plate resting on said roof and four module mounting means extending upwardly from the base plate, each of said module mounting means having an outer end that is adapted for attachment to a PV module, characterized in that each PV module is supported in vertical spaced relation to said roof surface by module mounting means of four different PV module mounting stands. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said PV module mounting stands are distributed on said roof in rows and columns, and each of said PV modules is supported by two PV module mounting stands in one row and two PV module mounting stands in an adjacent row. 3. Apparatus according to claim 1 further characterized in that each PV module mounting stand has first and second brackets attached to its base plate, with each bracket comprising two of said module mounting means. 4. Apparatus according to claim 3 wherein said module mounting means are in the form of arms that are part of the first and second brackets, with each arm having an outer end characterized by means for interlocking with attachment means on said modules. 5. Apparatus according to claim 4 wherein the arms of said first brackets are longer than the arms of said second brackets, whereby said PV modules are tilted relative to said roof. 6. Apparatus according to claim 4 wherein the arms of said first brackets are of fixed length and the arms of said second brackets are of adjustable length. 7. Apparatus according to claim 4 wherein each PV module has a rectangular configuration and further characterized in that each arm of each bracket is attached to a different PV module. 8. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the four module mounting means of each stand are in the form of arms that have a first end attached to the base plate and a second end that is spaced from the base plate and is adapted for attachment to a PV module. 9. Apparatus according to claim 1 further characterized in that each PV module mounting stand has first and second U-shaped brackets attached to Its base plate in spaced relation to one another, with each bracket having a base portion attached to the base plate and two mutually spaced arms attached to the base plate, said arms constituting the module mounting means of the PV module mounting stand, and each of said arms being connected to and supporting a different PV module. 10. Apparatus according to claim 9 wherein the second brackets are adjustably secured to the base plates so that they can be moved to vary the distance between them and the first brackets. 11. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said base plates are not fastened to said roof. 12. A photovoltaic assembly in combination with a building roof, said assembly comprising: a plurality of PV module mounting stands resting on said roof; each of said PV module mounting stands comprising a base plate resting on said roof and first and second U-shaped brackets each comprising a base portion attached to said base plate and first and second arms attached to the base portion and extending upwardly from the base portion and the base plate, each of said first and second arms having means for attachment to a PV module; and a plurality of rectangular PV modules having four attachment means at its periphery arranged in a rectangle; each of said PV modules having two of its four attachment means attached to first and second arms of two different first brackets and the other two of its four attachment means attached to first and second arms of two different second brackets, whereby each PV module is supported in vertical spaced relation to said roof by four different PV mounting stands. 13. Apparatus according to claim 12 wherein the arms of said first brackets have a fixed length and the arms of said second brackets are adjustable in length. 14. Apparatus according to claim 13 wherein each of said second brackets comprises three parts, a first part having a base portion secured to the base plate and first and second arms extending upwardly from said base portion, and second and third parts that are slidably coupled to said first and second arms of said first part so as to form telescoping extensions of said first and second arms of said first part, and further wherein the two arms of each of the first brackets are attached to different PV modules and the second and third parts of each of the second brackets are attached to different PV modules. 15. Apparatus according to claim 12 wherein said PV module mounting stands are distributed on said roof in rows and columns, and each of said PV modules is supported by two stands in one row and two stands in another adjacent row. 16. Apparatus according to claim 12 wherein each module has connecting pins projecting at four sides thereof, and further wherein said arms have openings in which said connecting pins are received so as to lock said PV modules to said brackets. 17. A photovoltaic assembly in combination with a building roof surface, said assembly comprising: a plurality of PV module assemblies, each of said assemblies comprising at least two PV modules that are electrically interconnected and mechanically ganged together; and a plurality of mounting stands distributed on said roof surface, each of said mounting stands comprising a base plate resting on said roof surface, and first and second brackets mounted to said base plate in spaced relation to one another, each of said brackets comprising first and second arms extending upwardly from the base plate away from the roof surface, each of said first and second arms of said first and second brackets being attached to a different one of said PV module assemblies so that each PV module assembly is supported in vertical spaced relation to said roof surface by (a) first and second arms of two different first brackets and (b) first and second arms of two different second brackets. 18. Apparatus according to claim 17 wherein the stands are distributed on said roof surface in rows and columns, and each PV module assembly is supported by two stands in one row and two stands in another adjacent row. 19. Apparatus according to claim 17 wherein each of said second brackets comprises three parts, a first part having a bottom portion secured to said one base plate and first and second arms extending upwardly from said bottom portion, and second and third parts that are slidably coupled to said first and second arms of said first part so as to form telescoping extensions of said first and second arms of said first part, and further wherein said two arms of each of said first brackets are attached to different PV modules and said second and third parts of each of said second brackets are attached to different PV modules. 20. Apparatus according to claim 19 wherein said first and second arms of said first brackets extend for a first distance from said base plates, and said second and third parts are movable between a first position in which they extend for a second distance from said base plate that is less than said first distance and a second position in which they extend for a third distance from said base plate that is substantially the same as the first distance. 21. Apparatus according to claim 19 wherein when said second and third parts of said second brackets are movable between a first retracted position and a second extended position, and further wherein said PV module assemblies are inclined relative to said roof when said second and third parts are in said first retracted position and are substantially parallel to said roof when said second and third parts are in said second extended position. 22. Apparatus according to claim 17 wherein said first or second brackets are movable on said base plates, whereby to adjust the distance between said first and second brackets on said base plates. 23. Apparatus according to claim 17 wherein said base plates are elongate and have a longitudinal axis, and further wherein said brackets are U-shaped members and said arms of said brackets are flat members that extend parallel to the longitudinal axis of the base plate to which the brackets are attached. 