Disclosed herein is a photovoltaic module, which includes a photovoltaic member, a moisture-resistant layer, a mounting frame covering and a buffer layer. The buffer layer disposed between the moisture-resistant layer and the mounting frame, where the buffer layer is made of a material selected from the group consisting of polypropylene-based polymer, polyethylene-based polymer, polyurethane-based polymer, ethylene-vinyl acetate-based resin and a combination thereof.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module, comprising: a photovoltaic member having a side edge; a moisture-resistant layer adhered to the side edge; a mounting frame covering the moisture-resistant layer; and a buffer layer disposed between the moisture-resistant layer and the mounting frame, wherein the buffer layer is made of a material selected from the group consisting of polypropylene-based polymer, polyethylene-based polymer, polyurethane-based polymer, ethylene-vinyl acetate-based resin and a combination thereof. 2. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the buffer layer is in contact with the moisture-resistant layer. 3. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the moisture-resistant layer is made of butyl rubber, silicone or polyurethane. 4. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the moisture-resistant layer has thickness of at least 0.5 mm. 5. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the buffer layer has a foam structure. 6. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the buffer layer has a bulk density of about 0.05 g/cm.sup.3 to about 0.6 g/cm.sup.3. 7. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the mounting frame comprises a body, a first portion and a second portion, and the first and second portions respectively extend from two opposite ends of the body. 8. The photovoltaic module according to claim 7, wherein the first portion extends to a position above the photovoltaic member. 9. The photovoltaic module according to claim 8, further comprising a first sealant disposed between the first portion and the photovoltaic member. 10. The photovoltaic module according to claim 9, wherein the first sealant is made of silicone. 11. The photovoltaic module according to claim 7, wherein the second portions extends to a position below the photovoltaic member. 12. The photovoltaic module according to claim 11, further comprising a second sealant disposed between the second portion and the photovoltaic member. 13. The photovoltaic module according to claim 12, wherein the first sealant is made of silicone. 14. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the mounting frame is made of metal or plastic. 15. The photovoltaic module according to claim 14, wherein the metal is aluminum, stainless steel. 16. The photovoltaic module according to claim 14, wherein the mounting frame is made of a metal coated with an anti-corrosive layer. 17. The photovoltaic module according to claim 14, wherein the plastic is polyphenylene oxide (PPO) or polyphenylene ether (PPE). 18. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, further comprising an adhesive layer positioned between the mounting frame and the moisture-resistant layer. 19. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, further comprising a desiccant positioned between the mounting frame and the moisture-resistant layer. 20. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, further comprising a desiccant presented in the buffer layer. 