The invention is an assembly of elements to collect solar energy and rain water. Solar energy is converted to electricity by either photovoltaic film or laminate panels or sheets mounted atop arcuate, curved canopy structures that are formed and positioned like "wings". Rainwater is collected by the low-incidence arcuate curved wings and directed to a central trough along the wings' structural spine, which conducts it through a support column to a water container or vessel. In a preferred embodiment the vessel is an underground container extending parallel to and as long as the above-ground structural spine of the assembly.
Claims 1. A solar canopy assembly comprising: (a) at least two pairs of dual-inclined wing members comprising a first pair of low-incidence, downwardly-curved, arcuate, wing arms and a second pair of low-incidence, downwardly-curved, arcuate, wing arms, each of said first and second pairs of downwardly curved, wing arms having proximal ends and distal ends, said proximal ends in each pair being in opposed relation to each other forming a structural spine, said curvature in said downwardly sloping wing arms beginning at said distal ends and increasing in steepness near said proximal ends, said wing arms increasing in thickness from their distal ends to their proximal ends, and said at least two pairs of dual-inclined wing members being arranged in spaced apart relation to each other; (b) at least two support columns for supporting said wing members, a first support column end-mounted on a ground surface at its lower end and extending substantially vertically along its longitudinal axis to support at its other end the weight of said first pair of dual-inclined wing members and a second column end-mounted on a ground surface and extending vertically along a substantially longitudinal axis to support at its other end the weight of said second pair of dual-inclined wing members, said support columns having a height sufficient to enable vehicles to park underneath said canopy assembly and said wing members being mounted on said columns at said other ends; (c) at least one pair of canopy decks, said canopy decks being mounted at their edges on the upper surface of said pairs of dual-inclined wing members to span from one pair of wing members to another pair of wing members, and being formed and positioned to follow the curvature of said pairs of low-incidence, downwardly curved wing arms; and (d) at least one trough formed to collect water and disposed between said proximal edges forming said structural spine and extending lengthwise from said first pair of wing arms to said second pair of wing arms. 2. The solar canopy assembly according to claim 1 wherein the proximal ends of each of said first and second pairs of wing arms are formed as mating, flanged, half-cylinders, and wherein the concave surfaces of said first pair of wing arms are positioned around said other end of said first support column and the concave surfaces of said second pair of wing arms are positioned around said other end of said second support column. 3. The solar canopy assembly according to claim 2 wherein each of said canopy decks are composed of a corrugated structural sheet, a substrate layer superposed on said corrugated structural sheet and means to collect solar radiation superposed on said substrate layer. 4. The solar canopy assembly according to claim 3 wherein said solar collection means comprises a photovoltaic film laminate superposed on and adhered to the top of said substrate layer. 5. The solar canopy assembly according to claim 3 wherein said duel-inclined wing members and said support columns are composed of high strength to weight ratio material. 6. The solar canopy assembly according to claim 5 wherein said high strength to weight material is selected from the group consisting of plastic, fiberglass, aluminum, aluminum alloy, fiber reinforced plastic, composite wood and carbon fiber. 7. The solar canopy assembly according to claim 5 wherein said support columns are composed of plastic, fiberglass, fiber reinforced plastic or carbon fiber. 8. The solar canopy assembly according to claim 3 wherein said support columns are hollow and said troughs contain a plurality of holes, each hole being disposed over said support column to accept water flow into said support columns. 9. The solar canopy assembly according to claim 3 wherein said support column is solid and said canopy assembly further includes a plurality of vertically disposed hollow tubes adjacent and attached to said support columns to accept water flow from said troughs, said troughs containing a plurality of holes disposed over said vertically disposed hollow tubes. 10. The solar canopy assembly according to claim 8 further including water storage means disposed below ground level and connected to said lower end of said support column by means of a hollow tubular-shaped coupling. 11. The solar canopy assembly according to claim 9 further including water storage means disposed below ground level and connected to said lower end of said vertically disposed hollow tubes by means of a hollow tubular-shaped coupling. 12. The solar canopy assembly according to claim 10 wherein said water storage means and said support columns are mounted on an underground footing formed and positioned to support their weight. 13. The solar canopy assembly according to claim 11 wherein said water storage means, said support columns and said vertically disposed hollow tubes are mounted on an underground footing formed and positioned to support their weight. 14. The solar canopy assembly according to claim 12 wherein said water storage means is composed of concrete, fiberglass, metal or other suitable waterproof composite material. 15. The solar canopy assembly according to claim 13 wherein said water storage means is composed of concrete, fiberglass, metal or other suitable waterproof composite material. 16. The solar canopy assembly according to claim 4 further including an inverter to converts direct current from said solar collection member to alternating current for storage and/or distribution. 17. The solar canopy assembly according to claim 16 further including a vehicle charging outlet, said outlet being able to draw electric power from said inverter to charge electric vehicles or electric equipment. 18. A solar canopy assembly comprising: (a) at least two pairs of dual-inclined wing members comprising a first pair of low-incidence, downwardly curved, wing arms and a second pair of low-incidence, downwardly curved, wing arms, each of said first and second pairs of downwardly curved, wing arms having proximal ends and distal ends, said proximal ends in each pair being in opposed relation to each other, said curvature in said downwardly sloping wing arms beginning at said distal ends and increasing in steepness near said proximal ends, said wing arms increasing in thickness from their distal ends to their proximal ends, said dual-inclined wing members being arranged in spaced apart relation to each other, wherein said proximal ends of each of said first and second pairs of wing arms are formed as mating, flanged, half-cylinders, and wherein the concave surfaces of said first pair of wing arms are positioned around said other end of said first support column and the concave surfaces of said second pair of wing arms are positioned around said other end of said second support column; (b) at least two hollow support columns for supporting said wing members, a first support column end-mounted on a ground surface at its lower end and extending vertically along a substantially longitudinal axis to support at its other end the weight of said first pair of dual-inclined wing members and a second column end-mounted on a ground surface and extending vertically along a substantially longitudinal axis to support at its other end the weight of said second pair of dual-inclined wing members, said support columns having a height sufficient to enable vehicles to park underneath said canopy assembly and said wing members being mounted on said columns at said other ends; (c) at least one pair of canopy decks, said canopy decks being mounted at their edges on the upper surface of said pairs of dual-inclined wing members to span from one pair of wing members to another pair of wing members, and being formed and positioned to follow the curvature of said pairs of low-incidence, downwardly curved wing arms; wherein said at least one pair of canopy decks is composed of a corrugated structural sheet, a substrate layer superposed on said structural sheet and means to collect solar radiation superposed on said substrate layer; and (d) at least one trough formed to collect water and disposed between said proximal edges of said canopies and said wing arms and extending lengthwise from said first pair of wing arms to said second pair of wing arms, said trough containing a plurality of holes, each hole being disposed over said support column to accept water flow into said support columns; (e) water storage means disposed below ground level and connected to said lower end of said support column by means of a hollow tubular-shaped coupling; (f) at least one inverter to converts direct current from said solar collection member to alternating current for storage and/or distribution; and (g) at least one vehicle charging outlet, said outlet being able to draw electric power from said inverter to charge electric vehicles or electric equipment. 19. A method for providing a solar canopy assembly comprising (a) erecting at least two support columns, a first support column end-mounted on a ground surface at its lower end and extending substantially vertically along its longitudinal axis and a second support column end-mounted on a ground surface and extending substantially vertically along its longitudinal axis, said support columns having a height sufficient to enable vehicles to park underneath said canopy assembly; (b) mounting on each support column a pair of dual-inclined wing members, said wing members comprising a first pair of low-incidence, downwardly-curved, arcuate, wing arms and a second pair of low-incidence, downwardly-curved, arcuate, wing arms, each of said first and second pairs of downwardly curved, wing arms having proximal ends and distal ends, said proximal ends in each pair being in opposed relation to each other forming a structural spine, said curvature in said downwardly sloping wing arms beginning at said distal ends and increasing in steepness near said proximal ends, said wing arms increasing in thickness from their distal ends to their proximal ends, and said at least two pairs of dual-inclined wing members being arranged in spaced apart relation to each other; (c) mounting in spanning relation at least one pair of canopy decks, said canopy decks being mounted at their edges on the upper surface of said pairs of dual-inclined wing members and being formed and positioned to follow the curvature of said pairs of low-incidence, downwardly curved wing arms; and (d) forming at least one trough to collect water and disposing said trough between said proximal edges forming said structural spine and extending lengthwise from said first pair of wing arms to said second pair of wing arms. 20. A kit for constructing a solar canopy assembly comprising: (a) at least two pairs of dual-inclined wing members comprising a first pair of low-incidence, downwardly-curved, arcuate, wing arms and a second pair of low-incidence, downwardly-curved, arcuate, wing arms, each of said first and second pairs of downwardly curved, wing arms having proximal ends and distal ends, said proximal ends in each pair being in opposed relation to each other forming a structural spine, said curvature in said downwardly sloping wing arms beginning at said distal ends and increasing in steepness near said proximal ends, said wing arms increasing in thickness from their distal ends to their proximal ends, and said at least two pairs of dual-inclined wing members being arranged in spaced apart relation to each other; (b) at least two support columns for supporting said wing members, a first support column end-mounted on a ground surface at its lower end and extending substantially vertically along its longitudinal axis to support at its other end the weight of said first pair of dual-inclined wing members and a second column end-mounted on a ground surface and extending vertically along a substantially longitudinal axis to support at its other end the weight of said second pair of dual-inclined wing members, said support columns having a height sufficient to enable vehicles to park underneath said canopy assembly and said wing members being mounted on said columns at said other ends; (c) at least one pair of canopy decks, said canopy decks being mounted at their edges on the upper surface of said pairs of dual-inclined wing members to span from one pair of wing members to another pair of wing members, and being formed and positioned to follow the curvature of said pairs of low-incidence, downwardly curved wing arms; and (d) at least one trough formed to collect water and disposed between said proximal edges forming said structural spine and extending lengthwise from said first pair of wing arms to said second pair of wing arms. 