There is provided a medicament dispenser comprising a body (4), a medicament carrier (80), an exit channel (70) for passage of the medicament to a patient, and access means for directly or indirectly exposing the exit channel (70) for use by the patient, wherein the access means (70) comprises an access coupling (74). The coupling (74) is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. The non-mechanical energy may comprise heat energy, electrical current energy, electrical field energy or magnetic field energy.
Claims 1. A medicament dispenser comprising a body, a medicament carrier, an exit channel for passage of the medicament to a patient, and access means for directly or indirectly exposing the exit channel for use by the patient, wherein the access means comprises an access coupling which is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 2. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 wherein the exit channel is a mouthpiece or nosepiece or skin-contacting channel or skin-penetrating channel. 3. A medicament dispenser according to claim 1 or claim 2 wherein the exit channel is movable relative to the body from a non-dispensing position to a dispensing position wherein a portion of the exit channel protrudes from the body and wherein it is in communication with the medicament carrier to allow passage of medicament therebetween. 4. A medicament dispenser according to claim 3 wherein the access means is coupled to the exit channel such that actuation of the access means moves the exit channel towards the non-dispensing position and deactuation of the access means moves the exit channel towards the dispensing position. 5. A medicament dispenser according to claim 3 or claim 4 wherein movement of the access means in a first direction moves the exit channel towards the non-dispensing position and movement of the access means in a second direction moves the exit channel towards the dispensing position. 6. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims further comprising a protective cap or lid or cover or plug which covers the exit channel. 7. A medicament dispenser according to claim 6 wherein the protective cap/lid/cover/plug takes the form of a slide-cover and/or flip-top cover, and/or a shutter arrangement (e.g. as in a camera lens) and/or a plunger. 8. A medicament dispenser according to claim 6 or claim 7 wherein the access means is coupled to the cap/lid/cover/plug such that actuation of the access means reversibly removes the cap/lid/cover/plug from the exit channel and de-actuation of the access means re-covers the exit channel therewith. 9. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims wherein the access means comprises a rack and pinion mechanism and/or a hinged lever mechanism and/or an electronic driven cam mechanism. 10. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims wherein the medicament carrier is housed within the body or is attachable to exterior of the body. 11. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims wherein the access means and the exit channel are directly coupled. 12. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims wherein the exit channel is comprised of an elastic material. 13. A medicament dispenser according to any one of claims 6 to 12 wherein the exit channel is provided with a cover comprised of an elastic material. 14. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims additionally comprising a curtain arrangement contractable by the exit channel on movement of the exit channel from the non-dispensing to the dispensing position. 15. A medicament dispenser according to claim 14 wherein the curtain arrangement comprises a plurality of curtains comprised of an elastomeric material. 16. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims wherein the access means is provided with a safety trigger mechanism to prevent accidental actuation thereof. 17. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims wherein at least a portion of the access means is shaped for ease of grip by the user. 18. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims wherein at least a portion of the access means has a friction-enhancing coating. 19. A medicament dispenser according to any one of claims 4 to 18 comprising no biasing means acting such as to bias the access means towards either the non-dispensing or the dispensing position. 20. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims wherein the access means is actuable by a sliding thumb motion or a depressing motion. 21. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims characterised in that the translational path definable by the movement of the exit channel from the non-dispensing position to the dispensing position does not bisect the rotational path defined by the rotation of the access means. 22. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims wherein the access means is actuable by one-handed operation. 23. A medicament dispenser according to any of the preceding claims additionally comprising a reset mechanism for resetting the access means after actuation thereof. 24. A medicament dispenser according to claim 23, wherein the reset mechanism comprises a reset coupling which is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 25. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 24, wherein said non-mechanical energy comprises electric current flow through the coupling. 26. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 25, wherein the coupling comprises a wire, strip, coil or tube. 27. A medicament dispenser according to claim 26, wherein the coupling comprises multiple wires, strips, coils or tubes. 28. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 27, wherein the coupling comprises one or more wires which contract in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 29. A medicament dispenser according to claim 28, wherein the coupling exhibits a degree of contraction of from 2% to 8% on application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 30. A medicament dispenser according to claim 29, wherein the coupling comprises an alloy which undergoes a phase transition on application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 31. A medicament dispenser according to claim 30, wherein said alloy is a nickel-titanium alloy. 32. A medicament dispenser according to claim 31, wherein said nickel-titanium alloy comprises from 5% to 95% nickel by weight and from 95% to 5% titanium by weight, preferably from 20% to 80% nickel by weight and from 80% to 20% titanium by weight. 33. A medicament dispenser according to either of claims 31 or 32, wherein said nickel-titanium alloy additionally comprises copper, niobium or any mixtures thereof. 34. A medicament dispenser according to claim 30, wherein the alloy is a copper-zinc-aluminium alloy or a copper-aluminium-nickel alloy. 35. A medicament dispenser according to claim 30, wherein the alloy has the composition defined as Ni.sub.65-x-yMn.sub.2+xGa.sub.15+y, where x is between 3 atomic % and 15 atomic % and y is between 3 atomic % and 12 atomic %. 36. A medicament dispenser according to claim 30, wherein the alloy has the composition defined as (Ni.sub.aFe.sub.bCo.sub.c).sub.65-x-y(Mn.sub.d- Fe.sub.eCo.sub.f).sub.20+x(Ga.sub.gSi.sub.hAl.sub.i).sub.15+y where x is between 3 atomic % and 15 atomic % and y is between 3 atomic % and 12 atomic %, and where a+b+c=1, where d+e+f=1, and g+h+i=1. 37. A medicament dispenser according to claim 30, wherein the alloy comprises an ion-exchange polymer composite. 38. A medicament dispenser according to claim 30, wherein the alloy comprises a contractile polymer. 39. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 28 to 38, wherein said one or more wires have a diameter from 30 to 400 micrometers, preferably from 50 to 150 micrometers. 40. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 28 to 39, wherein the coupling comprises from two to twenty, preferably six to twelve wires which contract in response to heating or application of a magnetic field thereto. 41. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 40, wherein said strip comprises multiple layers of different metals. 42. A medicament dispenser according to claim 41, wherein the strip comprises a bimetallic strip. 43. A medicament dispenser according to either of claims 41 or 42, wherein the strip comprises at least one piezoelectric material. 44. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 43, wherein the coupling is deformable in response to heating arising from electrical current flow in the range from 0.01A to 100A, preferably from 0.1A to 5A. 45. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 43, wherein the coupling is deformable in response to a magnetic field of from 0.01 to 100 Tesia. 46. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 45, additionally comprising an electrical energy source. 47. A medicament dispenser according to claim 46, wherein said electrical energy source comprises a voltaic cell or battery of voltaic cells. 48. A medicament dispenser according to claim 47, wherein said voltaic cell or battery of voltaic cells is rechargeable. 49. A medicament dispenser according to claim 46, wherein said electrical energy source comprises a photovoltaic cell or battery of photovoltaic cells. 50. A medicament dispenser according to claim 46, wherein said electrical energy source comprises a converter for converting mechanical energy into electrical energy. 51. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 46 to 50, additionally comprising a controller for controlling the amount of electrical current flow through the coupling or to an electromagnet to provide a magnetic field. 52. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 46 to 51, additionally comprising a timer for controlling the duration of electrical current flow through the coupling or to an electromagnet to provide a magnetic field. 53. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 46 to 52 additionally comprising a local electrical energy store. 54. A medicament dispenser according to any one of claims 46 to 53 wherein the additional energy source is mechanically-generated. 55. A medicament dispenser according to claim 54 wherein the energy source comprises a biasable resilient member. 56. A medicament dispenser according to claim 55 wherein the biasable resilient member is a spring. 57. A medicament dispenser according to claim 54 wherein the energy source comprises a source of compressed fluid, preferably compressed gas. 58. A medicament dispenser according to claim 54 wherein the energy source comprises a chemical energy store, preferably a chemical propellant or ignition mixture. 59. A medicament dispenser according to claim 54 wherein the energy source comprises a physically explosive energy source. 60. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 59, wherein flow of electrical current through the coupling and hence, actuation of the access means is responsive to a patient-actuable mechanism. 61. A medicament dispenser according to claim 60, wherein said mechanism comprises a button, switch or lever arrangement. 62. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 61, in the form of an inhaler for the delivery of inhalable medicament. 63. A medicament dispenser according to claim 62, wherein heating arising from flow of electrical current through the coupling and hence, actuation of the transport means is responsive to a patient-actuable mechanism comprising a sensor which senses the breath of a patient. 64. A medicament dispenser according to claim 62 or 63, wherein the coupling is exposable to the airflow arising from inhalation or expiration of the patient to assist in the cooling of the coupling post-actuation of the access means. 65. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 64 comprising an actuation counter for counting the number of actuations of the access or a dose counter for counting the number of doses delivered. 66. A medicament dispenser according to claim 65, wherein the actuation counter is independent of the coupling. 67. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 66 additionally comprising an electronic control system for controlling the supply of non-mechanical energy to the coupling. 68. A medicament dispenser according to claim 67, wherein the electronic control system is capable of providing pulses of non-mechanical energy to the coupling. 69. A medicament dispenser according to either of claims 67 or 68, wherein the electronic control system is capable of receiving inputs from electronic sensors locatable on the dispenser. 70. A medicament dispenser according to claim 69, additionally comprising an electronic sensor selected from the group consisting of a breath sensor, a shake sensor, a temperature sensor, an infrared sensor and a patient ID sensor. 71. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims further comprising dose-metering means and/or transport means and/or climate control means 72. A medicament dispenser according to claim 71 wherein at least one of the dose-metering means and/or transport means and/or climate control means are directly or indirectly actuable by the access means 73. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims wherein actuation of the access means is remote and/or voice activated. 74. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims wherein actuation of access means primes the dispenser to release a dose of medicament. 75. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims wherein the medicament container comprises medicament in dry powder form. 76. A medicament dispenser according to claim 75 wherein the dry powder medicament includes a pharmaceutical excipient in dry powder form. 77. A medicament dispenser according to claim 75 or claim 76 wherein the density of the dry powder medicament particles is reduced relative to standard dry powder medicament. 78. A medicament dispenser according to claims 75 to 77 wherein the dry powder medicament particles are aerodynamically shaped to improve medicament delivery to the patient. 79. A medicament dispenser according to any one of claims 75 to 78 wherein the medicament container takes the form of a dry powder reservoir. 80. A medicament dispenser according to any one of claims 1 to 74 wherein the medicament container comprises medicament in solution or suspension form. 81. A medicament dispenser according to claim 80, wherein said medicament container comprises a suspension of a medicament in a propellant. 82. A medicament dispenser according to claim 81, wherein, said propellant comprises liquefied HFA134a, HFA-227, helium or carbon dioxide. 83. A medicament dispenser according to claim 80, wherein said medicament container comprises a solution of a medicament in a solvent. 84. A medicament dispenser according to any of the preceding claims wherein the medicament is pre-metered prior to actuation of the access means by a patient. 85. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims wherein the medicament is selected from the group consisting of albuterol, salmeterol, fluticasone propionate, beclomethasone dipropionate, salts or solvates thereof and any mixtures thereof. 86. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims wherein the dry powder medicament includes a pharmaceutical excipient in dry powder form. 87. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims wherein the density of the dry powder medicament particles is reduced relative to standard dry powder medicament. 88. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims wherein the dry powder medicament particles are aerodynamically shaped to improve medicament delivery to the patient. 89. A medicament dispenser according to any one of the preceding claims additionally comprising a safety mechanism to prevent unintended multiple actuations of the inhaler. 90. A medicament dispenser according to claim 89 wherein the safety mechanism imposes a time delay between successive actuation of the inhaler. 91. A medicament dispenser according to any of the preceding claims comprising a manual override enabling manual actuation of the access means. 92. A medicament dispenser according to claim 91 comprising a child resistance feature to prevent undesirable actuation thereof by children. 93. Use of a medicament dispenser according to any one of claims 1 to 92 for dispensing medicament. 94. An actuator for use in a medicament dispenser according to any one of claims 1 to 92. 95. An actuator for a medicament container comprising a housing, within said housing, a container seat for receipt of the medicament container; on the housing or connecting therewith, an exit channel for passage of the medicament to a patient and access means for directly or indirectly exposing the exit channel for use by the patient, wherein the access means comprises an access coupling, wherein the access coupling which is reversibly deformable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 96. An actuator according to either of claims 94 or 95, wherein said non-mechanical energy comprises electric current flow through the coupling. 97. An actuator according to any of claims 94 to 97, wherein said coupling comprises an alloy which undergoes a phase transition on the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 98. An actuator according to any of claims 94 to 97, wherein said coupling comprises an alloy which undergoes a phase transition on the application of non-mechanical energy thereto. 99. An actuator according to claim 98, wherein said alloy is a nickel-titanium alloy. 100. An actuator according to any of claims 94 to 99 additionally comprising an electronic control system for controlling the supply of non-mechanical energy to the coupling. 101. An actuator according to claim 100, wherein the electronic control system is capable of providing pulses of non-mechanical energy to the coupling. 102. An actuator according to either of claims 100 or 101, wherein the electronic control system is capable of receiving inputs from electronic sensors locatable on the dispenser. 103. An actuator according to claim 102, additionally comprising an electronic sensor selected from the group consisting of a breath sensor, a shake sensor, a temperature sensor, an infrared sensor and a patient ID sensor. 104. An actuator according to claims 94 to 103 further comprising release means. 105. A dry powder medicament container for use in the dispenser according to claims 1 to 92 and/or the actuator of claims 94 to 104. 106. Laboratory test apparatus for testing a medicament container having transport means comprising at least one actuator according to any of claims 94 to 104 and a mounting for said at least one actuator. 107. Kit of parts comprising a medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 92 in the form of a cartridge; and a housing shaped for receipt of said cartridge. 