The present invention relates generally to roofing systems. The present invention relates more particularly flashings for use in roofing systems in which structures such as photovoltaic modules are affixed to a roof on top of an underlying roof covering such as shingles, tiles, shakes or slates. For example, in one embodiment, the present invention provides a flashing element including a substantially flat plate having a top side and a bottom side disposed facing the roof deck, the plate having a hole formed therein, the plate having a recess formed in its bottom side surrounding the hole; and a spacer disposed in the recess between the roof deck and the bottom side of the plate, the spacer having a thickness at least about as great as the thickness of the recess, the spacer not substantially occluding the hole in the plate.
Claims 1. A flashing element disposed on a roof, the flashing element comprising: a substantially flat plate having a top side and a bottom side disposed facing the roof deck, a first end and a second end opposing the first end with a first dimension extending therebetween, the first end disposed toward the top of the roof; the second end disposed toward the bottom of the roof, and a third end and a fourth end opposing the third end with a second dimension extending therebetween, the plate having a hole formed therein, the plate having a recess formed in its bottom side surrounding the hole; and a spacer disposed in the recess between the roof deck and the bottom side of the plate, the spacer having a thickness at least about as great as the thickness of the recess, the spacer not substantially occluding the hole in the plate. 2. The flashing element according to claim 1, wherein the thickness of the spacer is within about 40 mils of the thickness of the recess. 3. The flashing element according to claim 1, wherein there is a gap between the outside edges of the spacer and the inside edge of the recess. 4. The flashing element according to claim 3, wherein the gap is in the range of about 1 mm to about 5 mm in thickness. 5. The flashing element according to claim 1, wherein the spacer has an opening formed therein, disposed so that the opening of the spacer is aligned with the hole in the plate. 6. The flashing element according to claim 1, wherein the spacer is attached directly to the plate. 7. The flashing element according to claim 1, wherein the spacer is a separate piece from the plate. 8. The flashing element according to claim 1, wherein the spacer is made from a polymeric material. 9. The flashing element according to claim 1, where the first dimension is longer than the second dimension. 10. The flashing element according to claim 9, wherein the hole is substantially closer along the first dimension to the second end than the first end. 11. The flashing element according to claim 1, wherein first dimension of the plate is in the range of about four inches to about 24 inches. 12. The flashing element according to claim 1, wherein the second dimension of the plate is in the range of about four inches to about 20 inches. 13. The flashing element according to claim 1, wherein the plate is substantially rigid. 14. The flashing element according to claim 1, wherein the recess is formed by a raised portion of the plate. 15. The flashing element according to claim 1, wherein the plate is formed from metal. 16. A mounting system disposed on a roof, the roof comprising a roof deck and a roof covering disposed thereon, the mounting system including a flashing element according to claim 1, the flashing element disposed with its hole disposed over the roof covering; a mounting element; and a fastener affixing the mounting element to the roof, the fastener being disposed through the hole and penetrating the roof covering. 17. The mounting system according to claim 16, further comprising a sealant disposed in the recess. 18. The mounting system according to claim 17, wherein the sealant is waterproof adhesive or caulk. 19. The mounting system according to claim 16, wherein the mounting element is a mounting bracket. 20. The mounting system according to claim 16, wherein the roof covering is a set of overappling granule-coated asphalt shingles. 21. The mounting system according to claim 16, wherein the first end is disposed under an overlying roof covering. 22. The mounting system according to claim 16, wherein the mounting element mounts a photovoltaic module to the roof 23. A method for installing a mounting system according to claim 16 on a roof, the method comprising disposing the flashing element on the roof; then disposing the fastener through the hole in the plate; and disposing sealant in the recess between the spacer, the plate, and the roof covering. 24. The method according to claim 23, further comprising disposing an overlying roofing element on the first end of the plate. 25. A kit for installing a flashing element according to claim 1, the kit comprising a substantially flat plate having a top side and a bottom side disposed facing the roof deck, a first end and a second end opposing the first end with a first dimension extending therebetween; and a third end and a fourth end opposing the third end with a second dimension extending therebetween, the plate having a hole formed therein, the plate having a recess formed in its bottom side surrounding the hole; and a spacer sized to be disposed in the recess between the roof deck and the bottom side of the plate, the spacer having a thickness at least about as great as the thickness of the recess, the spacer being configured to not substantially occlude the hole in the plate when disposed in the recess. 