A system for removably and adjustably mounting a device on an object is provided. The system for removably and adjustably mounting a device on an object, according to the present invention, includes an apparatus and method useful for removably and adjustably mounting one or more photovoltaic modules on an object such as a pole or roof, and includes one or more triple track rails. Also included are one or more connector brackets that are demountably attachable to the one or more triple track rails and to the object.
Claims 1. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object, comprising: a rail formed with two or more tracks, wherein the rail includes three tracks formed of extruded aluminum and further comprises a cavity substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of the rail; and means for connecting the rail to the object. 2. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on a object as recited in claim 1, wherein two of the three tracks include a channel extending the length of the rail substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of the rail. 3. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on a object as recited in claim 1, wherein the channel is formed with a slot extending the length of the rail substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of the rail. 4. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on a object as recited in claim 1,-wherein at least one slot is formed at substantially a right angle to the slot in the other of the two of the three tracks. 5. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module-or flat panel on a object as recited in claim 1, wherein the rail is formed with a body having a proximal end, a distal end, opposing sides, and a hollow chamber extending the length of the rail substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of the rail, and further wherein the cavity is formed in the hollow chamber through one of the opposing sides, and further wherein the means for connecting the rail to the object is one or more connector brackets demountably attachable to the rail and to the object, and monolithically formed with a first flange and a second flange substantially at a right angle. 6. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on a object as recited in claim 5, wherein the first flange is formed with a lip. 7. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on a object as recited in claim 6, wherein the first flange is formed with a bore. 8. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on a object as recited in claim 5, wherein the one or more connector brackets further comprises an elbow extending monolithically at substantially a right angle from the second flange for detachable engagement with the cavity formed in the hollow chamber. 9. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on a object as recited in claim 1, wherein the means for connecting the rail to the object is one or more clamps slidably attachable to the rail, and further wherein the one or more clamps is formed with a leg having a base, a descending member monolithically extending from the base, and an ascending member monolithically extending from the base in a direction substantially opposite the direction of the descending member. 10. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on a object as recited in claim 9, wherein the one or more clamps is formed as a duct with at least two opposing flanges. 11. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on a object as recited in claim 10, wherein the at least two opposing flanges of the one or more clamps are substantially perpendicular to one another. 12. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on a object as recited in claim 9, wherein the one or more clamps includes means for connecting the device to the rail. 