A mounting support for a photovoltaic module is described. The mounting support includes a foundation having an integrated wire-way ledge portion. A photovoltaic module support mechanism is coupled with the foundation.
Claims 1. A mounting support for a photovoltaic module, comprising: a foundation having an integrated wire-way ledge portion; and a photovoltaic module support mechanism coupled with the foundation. 2. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the foundation, including the integrated wire-way ledge portion, is adaptable to receive a cover that at least partially covers the integrated wire-way ledge portion. 3. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the foundation has a horizontal axis, and wherein the integrated wire-way ledge portion of the foundation is sloped downward, away from the horizontal axis. 4. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the foundation, either continuous or discrete, has a length running parallel with the integrated wire-way ledge portion, and wherein the length is approximately in the range of 2-200 meters. 5. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the foundation, including the integrated wire-way ledge portion, comprises concrete. 6. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the foundation, including the integrated wire-way ledge portion, is fabricated by a technique selected from the group consisting of a pre-cast technique or a cast-in-place technique. 7. The mounting support of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic module support mechanism comprises a J-bolt. 8. A photovoltaic system, comprising: a foundation having an integrated wire-way ledge portion; a photovoltaic module support mechanism coupled with the foundation; a photovoltaic module coupled with the photo-voltaic module support mechanism; and a set of wires or cables coupled with the photovoltaic module and supported by the integrated wire-way ledge portion of the foundation. 9. The photovoltaic system of claim 8, wherein the photovoltaic module is coupled with the photo-voltaic module support mechanism by a photovoltaic tracker mechanism. 10. The photovoltaic system of claim 8, wherein the foundation, including the integrated wire-way ledge portion, is adaptable to receive a cover that at least partially covers the integrated wire-way ledge portion and that protects the set of wires or cables. 11. The photovoltaic system of claim 8, wherein the foundation has a horizontal axis, wherein the integrated wire-way ledge portion is sloped downward, away from the horizontal axis, and wherein the set of wires or cables is further supported by a lip of the integrated wire-way ledge portion. 12. The photovoltaic system of claim 8, wherein the foundation, either continuous or discrete, has a length running parallel with the integrated wire-way ledge portion, and wherein the length is approximately in the range of 2-200 meters. 13. The photovoltaic system of claim 8, wherein the foundation, including the integrated wire-way ledge portion, comprises concrete. 14. The photovoltaic system of claim 8, wherein the foundation, including the integrated wire-way ledge portion, is fabricated by a technique selected from the group consisting of a pre-cast technique or a cast-in-place technique. 15. The photovoltaic system of claim 8, wherein the photovoltaic module support mechanism comprises a J-bolt. 16. A method for fabricating a mounting support for a photovoltaic module, comprising: forming a foundation having an integrated wire-way ledge portion; and forming a photovoltaic module support mechanism coupled with the foundation. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein forming the foundation, including the integrated wire-way ledge portion, comprises using a technique selected from the group consisting of a pre-cast technique or a cast-in-place technique. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein forming the foundation comprises forming the foundation, including the integrated wire-way ledge portion, to be adaptable to receive a cover that at least partially covers the integrated wire-way ledge portion. 19. The method of claim 16, wherein forming the foundation, including the integrated wire-way ledge portion, comprises forming the foundation to have a horizontal axis and forming the integrated wire-way ledge portion to be sloped downward, away from the horizontal axis. 20. The method of claim 16, wherein forming the foundation, including the integrated wire-way ledge portion, comprises forming the foundation to be continuous or discrete and to have a length running parallel with the integrated wire-way ledge portion, wherein the length is approximately in the range of 2-200 meters. 21. The method of claim 16, wherein forming the foundation, including the integrated wire-way ledge portion, comprises using wet cement, and wherein forming the photovoltaic module support mechanism comprises incorporating the photovoltaic module support mechanism into the wet cement prior to drying to form concrete. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein forming the photovoltaic module support mechanism comprises incorporating a J-bolt into the foundation. 