A scribing system comprising a mounting mechanism, stylus, and force generating mechanism is provided. The mounting mechanism is configured to rotate an elongated object in such a manner that the object is subjected to a bow effect wherein a middle portion of the object bends relative to the end portions of the object. The stylus is for scribing the object at a position x along the long dimension of the object while the mounting mechanism rotates the object. The force generating mechanism is connected to the stylus so that the stylus applies the same constant force to the elongated object regardless of the position x along the long dimension of the object that the stylus is positioned, while the mounting mechanism rotates the object and thereby subjects the object to the bow effect, thereby scribing the object.
Claims 1. A scribing system comprising: (A) a mounting mechanism that is configured to rotate an elongated object, wherein the elongated object has a middle portion, a first end, and a second end, the elongated object having a long dimension bounded by said first end and said second end, wherein the middle portion of the elongated object is subjected to a displacement, at a time when the elongated object is being scribed, relative to the first end and the second end, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.10% of a length of the long dimension; (B) a stylus for scribing the elongated object at a position x along the long dimension of the elongated object, while the mounting mechanism rotates the elongated object and thereby subjects said elongated object to said displacement; and (C) a force generating mechanism connected to the stylus so that the stylus applies a force within .+-.20% of a stated force value to the elongated object regardless of the position x along the long dimension of the elongated object that the stylus is positioned, while the mounting mechanism rotates the elongated object and thereby subjects said elongated object to said displacement, thereby scribing the elongated object. 2. The scribing system of claim 1, wherein the stylus comprises a carbide tip, a diamond coated tip, a stainless steel tip, or a tin nitride coated carbide tip. 3. The scribing system of claim 1, wherein the stated force value is between about 10 grams (g) and about 300 g. 4. The scribing system of claim 1, wherein the elongated object comprises a semiconductor junction that comprises a layer of copper-indium-gallium-diselenide CIGS and a layer of CdS, and the scribing system applies the force to the semiconductor junction through the stylus, and wherein the stated force is about 80 g. 5. The scribing system of claim 1, wherein the elongated object comprises a transparent conductor layer. 6. The scribing system of claim 5, wherein the scribing system applies the force to the transparent conductor layer through the stylus, and wherein the stated force is about 80 g. 7. The scribing system of claim 1, wherein the force generating mechanism comprises: an air cylinder; a piston having a head end and a tail end, wherein the head end of the piston is inside the air cylinder and the tail end of the piston is connected to the stylus; and a control system in communication with the air cylinder such that the control system controls the air pressure inside the air cylinder and thereby applies a constant air pressure to the head end of the piston. 8. The scribing system claim 1, wherein the force generating mechanism comprises: a spring connected to the stylus; and a control system that applies the force to the spring. 9. The scribing system of claim 8, wherein a direction of the force applied to the spring is parallel to a long dimension of the spring. 10. The scribing system of claim 8, wherein a direction of the force applied to the spring is perpendicular to a long dimension of the spring. 11. The scribing system of claim 1, wherein the force generating mechanism comprises: a pivot point connected to the stylus; and a pendulum having a first end and a second end, wherein the first end is connected to the pivot point at a point perpendicular to a long dimension of the stylus and the second end of the pendulum comprises a weight. 12. The scribing system of claim 11, wherein the pendulum is horizontal and the gravitational force of the weight provides the force on the elongated object. 13. The scribing system of claim 1, wherein the force generating mechanism comprises: a motor having a drive shaft; and a rod having a first end and a second end, wherein the first end is connected to the drive shaft and the second end is connected to the stylus. 14. The scribing system of claim 13, wherein a torque produced by the motor provides the force on the elongated object. 15. The scribing system of claim 1, wherein the mounting mechanism is a lathe. 16. The scribing system of claim 1, wherein the elongated object is an elongated photovoltaic module. 17. The scribing system of claim 16, wherein the elongated photovoltaic module has a circular cross-section. 18. The scribing system of claim 16, wherein at least a portion of the elongated photovoltaic module is cylindrical. 19. A mechanical scriber comprising: an air cylinder; a stylus; a piston having a head end and a tail end, wherein the head end of the piston is inside the air cylinder and the tail end of the piston is connected to the stylus; and a control system configured to control an air pressure inside the air cylinder and thereby apply a constant air pressure to the head end of the piston so that the stylus applies a force to an elongated object being scribed by the stylus, wherein the force is within .+-.20% of a stated force value. 20. A mechanical scriber comprising: a stylus; a spring connected to the stylus; and a control system, wherein the control system is configured to apply a first force to the spring thereby allowing the stylus to apply a second force to an elongated object regardless of a position x along a long dimension of the elongated object that the stylus engages the elongated object, wherein the second force is within .+-.20% of a stated force value, wherein the elongated object has a middle portion, a first end, and a second end, and wherein the constant force mechanical scriber is configured to induce a displacement of the middle portion relative to the first end and the second end while being scribed by the stylus, wherein the displacement is .+-.10% of a length of the long dimension. 21. The mechanical scriber of claim 20, wherein the elongated object is an elongated photovoltaic module. 22. A mechanical scriber comprising: a stylus; a pivot point connected to the stylus; and a pendulum having a first end and a second end, wherein: i) the first end of the pendulum is connected to the pivot point at a point perpendicular to a long axis of the stylus and the second end of the pendulum comprises a weight; and ii) a gravitational force of the weight allows the stylus to apply a force to an elongated object while the stylus scribes the elongated object, wherein the elongated object has a middle portion, a first end, and a second end, the elongated object having a long dimension bounded by the first end and the second end, wherein the force is within .+-.20% of a stated force value regardless of which position x along a long dimension of the elongated object that the stylus engages the elongated object and wherein the mechanical scriber is configured to subject the middle portion of the elongated object to a displacement, while being scribed by the stylus, relative to the first end and the second end, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.10% of the long dimension. 23. The mechanical scriber of claim 22, wherein the elongated object is an elongated photovoltaic module. 24. A mechanical scriber comprising: a stylus; a motor having a drive shaft; and a rod having a first end and a second end, wherein: i) the first end of the rod is connected to the drive shaft and the second end of the rod is connected to the stylus; and ii) the motor is configured to produce a constant torque that allows the stylus to apply a force to an elongated object in order to scribe the elongated object, wherein the elongated object has a middle portion, a first end, and a second end, the elongated object having a long dimension bounded by said first end and said second end, wherein the force is within .+-.20% of a stated force value regardless of which position x along the long dimension of the elongated object that the stylus engages the elongated object and wherein the constant force mechanical scriber is configured to subject the middle portion of the elongated object to a displacement, while being scribed by the stylus, relative to the first end and the second end, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.10% of a length of the long dimension. 25. The mechanical scriber of claim 24, wherein the elongated object is an elongated photovoltaic module. 26. A mechanical scriber comprising: a stylus; and a force generating mechanism connected to the stylus, wherein the force generating mechanism controls the stylus to allow the stylus to apply a force to an elongated object in order to scribe the elongated object, wherein the force is within .+-.20% of a stated force value regardless of which position x along a long dimension of the elongated object that the stylus engages the elongated object, wherein the elongated object has a middle portion, a first end, and a second end, and wherein the constant force mechanical scriber is configured to subject the middle portion of the elongated object to a displacement while being scribed by the stylus, relative to the first end and the second end wherein the displacement is less than 10% of the long dimension. 27. The mechanical scriber of claim 26, wherein the elongated object is an elongated photovoltaic module. 28. A mechanical scriber, the scriber comprising: a scribing means for scribing an elongated object; and a control means for controlling the scribing means, wherein the control means is configured to allow the scribing means to apply a force to the elongated object in order to scribe the elongated object that is within .+-.20% of a stated force value regardless of which position x along a long dimension of the elongated object that the scribing means engages the elongated object, wherein the elongated object has a middle portion, a first end, and a second end, and wherein the constant force mechanical scriber is configured to subject the middle portion of the elongated object to a displacement, while being scribed by the scribing means, relative to the first end and the second end wherein the displacement is less than 10% of the long dimension. 29. The mechanical scriber of claim 28, wherein the elongated object is an elongated photovoltaic module. 30. A method of scribing an elongated object, the method comprising: (A) rotationally scribing a groove in the elongated object, wherein the elongated object comprises a middle portion, a first end, and a second end, wherein the rotational scribing is achieved by a mechanical scriber capable of scribing the elongated object with a force that is within .+-.20% of a stated force value regardless of which position x along a long dimension of the elongated object that the scribing means engages the elongated object at a time when the middle portion of the elongated object is subjected to a displacement relative to the first end and the second end of the elongated object, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.10% of the long dimension. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein the elongated object comprises a semiconductor junction that is rotationally scribed by said rotationally scribing (A) and the elongated object is rotated at a rate of between about 100 RPM and about 1000 RPM. 32. The method of claim 30, wherein the elongated object comprises a transparent conductor layer that is rotationally scribed by said rotationally scribing (A) and the elongated object is rotated at a rate of between about 100 RPM and about 1000 RPM. 33. The method of claim 30, wherein the mechanical scriber comprises: an air cylinder; a stylus; a piston having a head end and a tail end, wherein the head end of the piston is inside the air cylinder and the tail end of the piston is connected to the stylus; and a control system configured to control an air pressure inside the air cylinder and thereby apply a constant air pressure to the head end of the piston so that the stylus applies the force to the elongated object. 34. The method of claim 30, wherein the mechanical scriber comprises: a stylus; a spring connected to the stylus; and a control system, wherein the control system is configured to apply a constant force to the spring thereby allowing the stylus to apply the force to the elongated object. 35. The method of claim 30, wherein mechanical scriber comprises: a stylus; a pivot point connected to the stylus; and a pendulum having a first end and a second end, wherein: i) the first end of the pendulum is connected to the pivot point at a point perpendicular to the stylus, and the second end of the pendulum comprises a weight; and ii) a gravitational force of the weight allows the stylus to apply the force to the elongated object. 36. The method of claim 30, wherein the mechanical scriber comprises: a stylus; a motor having a drive shaft; and a rod having a first end and a second end, wherein: i) the first end of the rod is connected to the drive shaft and the second end of the rod is connected to the stylus; and ii) the motor is configured to produce a constant torque that allows the stylus to apply the force to the elongated object. 37. The method of claim 30, wherein the elongated object is an elongated photovoltaic module. 38. The scribing system of claim 1, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.2% of the length of the long dimension. 39. The scribing system of claim 1, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.0.2% of the length of the long dimension. 40. The mechanical scriber of claim 20, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.2% of the length of the long dimension. 41. The mechanical scriber of claim 20, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.0.2% of the length of the long dimension. 42. The mechanical scriber of claim 22, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.2% of the length of the long dimension. 43. The mechanical scriber of claim 22, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.0.2% of the length of the long dimension. 44. The mechanical scriber of claim 24, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.2% of the length of the long dimension. 45. The mechanical scriber of claim 24, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.0.2% of the length of the long dimension. 46. The mechanical scriber of claim 26, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.2% of the length of the long dimension. 47. The mechanical scriber of claim 26, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.0.2% of the length of the long dimension. 48. The mechanical scriber of claim 28, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.2% of the length of the long dimension. 49. The mechanical scriber of claim 28, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.0.2% of the length of the long dimension. 50. The method of claim 30, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.2% of the length of the long dimension. 51. The method of claim 30, wherein the displacement is less than .+-.0.2% of the length of the long dimension. 52. The scribing system of claim 1, wherein the force is within .+-.5% of the stated force value. 53. The scribing system of claim 1, wherein the force is within .+-.1% of the stated force value. 54. The mechanical scriber of claim 19, wherein the force is within .+-.5% of the stated force value. 55. The mechanical scriber of claim 19, wherein the force is within .+-.1% of the stated force value. 56. The mechanical scriber of claim 20, wherein the second force is within .+-.5% of the stated force value. 57. The mechanical scriber of claim 20, wherein the second force is within .+-.1% of the stated force value. 58. The mechanical scriber of claim 22, wherein the force is within .+-.5% of the stated force value. 59. The mechanical scriber of claim 22, wherein the force is within .+-.1% of the stated force value. 60. The mechanical scriber of claim 24, wherein the force is within .+-.5% of the stated force value. 61. The mechanical scriber of claim 24, wherein the force is within .+-.1% of the stated force value. 62. The mechanical scriber of claim 26, wherein the force is within .+-.5% of the stated force value. 63. The mechanical scriber of claim 26, wherein the force is within .+-.1% of the stated force value. 64. The mechanical scriber of claim 28, wherein the force is within .+-.5% of the stated force value. 65. The mechanical scriber of claim 28, wherein the force is within .+-.1% of the stated force value. 66. The method of claim 30, wherein the force is within .+-.5% of the stated force value. 67. The method of claim 30, wherein the force is within .+-.1% of the stated force value. 