Various embodiments of methods and systems for improving and enhancing vision are disclosed. Adjustable lenses or optical systems may be used to provide adaptive vision modification. In some embodiments, vision modification may be responsive to the current state of the user's visual system. Certain embodiments provide correction of the subject's near and far vision. Other embodiments provide enhancement of vision beyond the physiological ranges of focal length or magnification.
Claims 1-74. (canceled) 75. A system for modifying the vision of a subject, comprising: a) An adjustable optical system having a control signal input adapted to receive a control signal for controlling the adjustment of at least one focus parameter of a lens system; and b) At least one image detector adapted to detect in real-time an image reflected from a retina of an eye of the subject and capable of generating as an output a reflected image signal containing information about the focus condition of said reflected image. 76. The system of claim 75, further comprising a mounting structure for positioning said lens system with respect to an eye of said subject. 77. The system of claim 75, wherein said image detector is located on or about said lens system. 78. The system of claim 76, wherein said image detector is located on said mounting structure. 79.-80. (canceled) 81. The system of claim 75, wherein said adjustable optical system comprises a fluid lens. 82. The system of claim 81, wherein said fluid lens comprises an interface between two immiscible fluids. 83. The system of claim 81, wherein said adjustable optical system comprises a lens having an elastically deformable shell surrounding an inter-lens space, and wherein adjusting said lens comprises adjusting the pressure or volume of a fluid in said inter-lens space. 84. The system of claim 75, wherein said adjustable optical system comprises an electroactive lens. 85. The system of claim 75, wherein said adjustable optical system comprises a compound lens. 86.-98. (canceled) 99. A lens control system, comprising: a) An image analyzer configured to receive at least one image signal detected from an eye of a subject and to determine from said image signal at least one image quality attribute; and b) A lens controller configured to receive said at least one image quality attribute from said image analyzer and to receive a lens state signal from an adjustable lens system, and responsive to said lens state signal and said image quality attribute to generate a lens control signal for adjusting the state of said adjustable lens system to modify said at least one image quality attribute of said image detected from said eye. 100. The system of claim 99, further comprising a power source. 101.-106. (canceled) 107. The system of claim 99, wherein said image analyzer performs at least one image preprocessing step selected a group including from noise reduction, artifact removal, image compression, mathematical transformation, and contrast adjustment. 108. The system of claim 99, wherein said image analyzer detects a foveal region of said image and selects for further analysis at least a portion of said foveal region of said image. 109. The system of claim 108, wherein selection of said foveal region is based upon identification of at least one landmark in said foveal region. 110. The system of claim 99, wherein at least one of said image analyzer and said lens system controller is packaged in a package that can be carried by said subject. 111. The system of claim 99, wherein at least one of said image analyzer and said lens system controller is located at a remote location from said subject. 112. The system of claim 99, wherein at least one of said image analyzer and said lens system controller comprises a device including a microprocessor. 113. The system of claim 112, wherein the device including a microprocessor is sized to fit on or about a pair of eyeglasses. 114. The system of claim 99, wherein at least a portion of said detected image signal is transmitted wirelessly from a detection device, and wherein said system further comprises a receiver configured to receive said wirelessly transmitted image signal portion. 115. The system of claim 99, further comprising a transmitter configured to wirelessly transmit said lens system control signal to said adjustable lens system. 116. The system of claim 115, wherein said lens system control signal is at least in part a digital signal. 117. The system of claim 76, wherein said mounting structure comprises an eyeglass frame; a helmet-mounted frame; or a component of a hat, a head-adornment, or an item of head-centered apparel. 118. The system of claim 75, wherein said adjustable optical system has at least one of an adjustable spherical focus, an adjustable cylindrical focus, an adjustable axis of cylindrical orientation, an adjustable magnification factor, or an adjustable intensity in at least one visible spectral band. 119. A system for modifying the vision of a subject, comprising: a) An adjustable optical system having a control signal input adapted to receive a control signal for controlling the adjustment of at least one focus parameter of a lens system; b) At least one image detector adapted to detect in real-time an image reflected from a retina of an eye of the subject and capable of generating as an output a reflected image signal containing information about the focus condition of said reflected image. c) An image analyzer for determining a sharpness of said reflected image; and d) A lens control system for generating said control signal to regulate the adjustment of at said least one focus parameter of said lens system to increase said sharpness of said reflected image. 120. The system of claim 119, wherein at least one of said image analyzer and said lens control system is positioned separately from said adjustable lens system, said mounting, and said image detector. 121. The system of claim 119, wherein at least one of said image analyzer or said lens control system is packaged in a package that can be carried by said subject. 122. The system of claim 119, wherein at least one of said image analyzer and said lens control system is located at a remote location from said subject. 123. The system of claim 119, wherein at least one of said image analyzer or said lens control system comprises a microprocessor. 124. The system of claim 123, wherein a device including said microprocessor is sized to fit on or about a pair of eyeglasses. 125. The system of claim 119, further comprising a transmitter configured to transmit at least a portion of said image data wirelessly from said image detector to said image analyzer. 126. The system of claim 119, further comprising a transmitter configured to transmit said control signal to said adjustable optical system for reception at said control signal input. 127. The system of claim 126, wherein said control signal is at least in part a digital signal. 128. The system of claim 100, wherein said power source comprises one of a battery, a photovoltaic cell, an inductive coil, an antenna, an energy scavenging device, a device that scavenges energy from the environment of said subject, a device that scavenges energy from the body of said subject. 129. The system of claim 128, wherein said power source comprises device that scavenges energy from the body of said subject, the power source selected from a device adapted to provide power derived from at least a part of the systolic-diastolic cycle of said subject, an electric power generating device adapted for placement in the airway of said subject, and a device adapted for association with the pulsatile blood flow of said subject. 