A replaceable building-integrated photovoltaic (BIPV) module system for mounting as roofing structures on a building is disclosed. The BIPV module system comprises a module and engagement means coupled to the building, the engagement means adapted to couple to the coupling means to releaseably couple the module to the building. The module comprises a photovoltaic laminate and a frame surrounding substantially entirely the perimeter of the photovoltaic laminate, the frame comprising coupling means.
Claims 1. A replaceable building-integrated photovoltaic (BIPV) module system for mounting as roofing structures on a building, comprising: a module comprising: a photovoltaic laminate; and a frame surrounding substantially entirely the perimeter of the photovoltaic laminate, the frame comprising coupling means; and engagement means coupled to the building, the engagement means adapted to couple the coupling means to releaseably couple the module to the building. 2. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 1, wherein the coupling means comprises a spring. 3. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 1, wherein the engagement means comprises a plurality of skids. 4. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 1, wherein the coupling means comprises a releaseable retaining clip. 5. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 4, wherein the engagement means comprises a mounting post. 6. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 1, wherein the coupling means comprises a fastener. 7. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 6, wherein the fastener comprises a bolt. 8. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 6, wherein the engagement means comprises a threaded hole. 9. A replaceable building-integrated photovoltaic (BIPV) module system, comprising: a module frame having a plurality of latching sites, each latching site comprising a groove and a retaining clip, the retaining clip; and a plurality of mounting posts, each post comprising a flange adapted to extend into the groove of a latching site, each retaining clip adapted to contact the post to releaseably couple the module frame to the mounting post. 10. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 9, wherein each mounting post has a through-hole and each retaining clip is adapted to extend through the through-hole when coupled to the mounting post. 11. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 9, wherein the module frame substantially entirely surrounds a photovoltaic laminate comprising a plurality of solar cells. 12. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 11, wherein the module frame substantially entirely surrounds a plurality of photovoltaic laminates. 13. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 9, wherein each retaining clip is biased to remain in an engaged position by a spring. 14. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 13, wherein each retaining clip is manipulable to release from the engaged position by exerting a force against the spring. 15. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 14, wherein each of the plurality of mounting posts comprises a notch adapted to engage a retaining clip. 16. A replaceable building-integrated photovoltaic (BIPV) module system, comprising: a module frame having a plurality of retaining clips, the module frame substantially surrounding a photovoltaic laminate; and a plurality of skids, each skid comprising a post and a notch on the post, each retaining clip adapted to releaseably couple to the post by engaging the notch. 17. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 16, wherein each retaining clip comprises a spring adapted to bias the retaining clip in an engaged position, the retaining clip coupled to the skid when in the engaged position. 18. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 17, wherein each retaining clip is adapted to release from the skid when manipulated to an open position by disengaging the retaining clip from one of the notches in one of the skids. 19. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 16, wherein the module frame comprises a photovoltaic laminate forming an upper surface of the module system. 20. The replaceable BIPV module system of claim 19, wherein each of the plurality of skids is mounted to a building, and the upper surface of the module system comprises the roof surface of the building. 