A traffic control device transmitter. The transmitter includes a mount that attaches the transmitter to a traffic control device and a transmission element that transmits identification information and location information corresponding to the traffic control device. Preferably, the traffic control device transmitter also includes storage for storing the identification information and the location information. The location information can be pre-stored location information, or the transmitter can also include a location detection element, for example a Global Positioning System, that determines the location information. Also, a traffic control device information display system. This system includes a receiver that receives information from a traffic control device transmitter for a traffic control device, a processor that processes the information to determine identification information and location information for the traffic control device, and a display that displays the identification information and the location information to an operator. Additionally, a traffic control device information relay and display system that relays information from transmitters to a central office.
Claims What is claims is: 1. A traffic control device transmitter, comprising: a mount that attaches the transmitter to a traffic control device; a transmission element that transmits identification information and location information corresponding to the traffic control device. 2. The traffic control device transmitter according to claim 1, wherein the mount is a mounting bracket. 3. The traffic control device transmitter according to claim 1, further comprising storage for the identification information and the location information. 4. The traffic control device transmitter according to claim 3, wherein the identification information is a device number for the traffic control device as designated in the National Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices. 5. The traffic control device transmitter according to claim 3, wherein the identification information is a sign legend for the traffic control device. 6. The traffic control device transmitter according to claim 3, wherein the identification information is a numeric code corresponding to the type of the traffic control device. 7. The traffic control device transmitter according to claim 3, wherein the location information is pre-stored location information. 8. The traffic control device transmitter according to claim 3, further comprising a location detection element that determines the location information. 9. The traffic control device transmitter according to claim 8, wherein the location detection element is a Global Positioning System. 10. The traffic control device transmitter according to claim 3, wherein the storage and the transmission element receive power from the traffic control device. 11. The traffic control device transmitter according to claim 3, further comprising a power source for the storage and the transmission element. 12. The traffic control device transmitter according to claim 11, wherein the power source includes a photovoltaic solar cell. 13. The traffic control device transmitter according to claim 11, wherein the power source includes a battery. 14. The traffic control device transmitter according to claim 3, further comprising a monitoring element that monitors a state of the traffic control device, wherein the transmission element also transmits the state of the traffic control device. 15. The traffic control device transmitter according to claim 3, further comprising a monitoring element that monitors a status of the traffic control device, wherein the transmission element also transmits the status of the traffic control device. 16. A traffic control device information display system, comprising: a receiver that receives information from a traffic control device transmitter for a traffic control device; a processor that processes the information to determine identification information and location information for the traffic control device; and a display that displays the identification information and the location information to an operator. 17. The traffic control device information display system according to claim 16, wherein the processor also determines state information for the traffic control device from the received information; and wherein the display also displays the state information to the operator. 18. The traffic control device information display system according to claim 16, wherein the processor also determines status information for the traffic control device from the received information; and wherein the display also displays the status information to the operator. 19. The traffic control device information display system according to claim 16, wherein the system is mounted inside a vehicle. 20. The traffic control device information display system according to claim 19, wherein the display is a heads-up display that projects the identification information and the location information onto the vehicle's windshield. 21. The traffic control device information display system according to claim 19, wherein the display is a CRT or an LCD display. 22. The traffic control device information display system according to claim 16, wherein the system is located in a central office. 23. The traffic control device information display system according to claim 22, further comprising a wireless remote control device for wireless remote control of the traffic control device from the central office. 24. A traffic control device information relay and display system, comprising: a first receiver that receives information from a transmitter for a traffic control device; a retransmitter that retransmits the information received by the first receiver; a second receiver the receives the retransmitted information; a processor that processes the retransmitted information to determine identification information and location information for the traffic control device; and a display that displays the identification information and the location information to an operator. 25. The traffic control device information relay and display system according to claim 24, wherein the retransmitter retransmits the information in a different format than the information was received by the first receiver. 26. The traffic control device information relay and display system according to claim 24, wherein the first receiver and retransmitter are located in a vehicle. 27. The traffic control device information relay and display system according to claim 24, wherein the first receiver and retransmitter are located in a fixed installation. 28. The traffic control device information relay and display system according to claim 24, wherein the second receiver, the processor and the display are located in a central office. 29. The traffic control device information relay and display system according to claim 28, further comprising a wireless remote control device for wireless remote control of the traffic control device from the central office. 