There is provided a medicament dispenser comprising a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat for receipt of the container; an anchor station; and drive means capable of moving the container seat relative to the anchor station to actuate the dispensing mechanism. The drive means is actuable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, and gear means are provided to the drive means to gear up the torque provided thereby.
Claims 1. A medicament dispenser comprising a housing; a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat for receipt of the container; an anchor station on the housing or connecting therewith; and drive means capable of moving the container seat relative to the anchor station to actuate the dispensing mechanism, the drive means being actuable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein gear means are provided to said drive means to gear up the torque provided thereby. 2. A medicament dispenser comprising a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat for receipt of the container; a dispenser seat for receipt of the dispensing mechanism; and drive means capable of moving the container seat relative to the dispenser seat to actuate the dispensing mechanism, the drive means being actuable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein gear means are provided to said drive means to gear up the torque provided thereby. 3. A medicament dispenser comprising a housing; a medicament container for containing medicament for release; an aerosol container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat for receipt of the aerosol container; an anchor station on the housing or connecting therewith; and drive means capable of moving the container seat relative to the anchor station to actuate the dispensing mechanism to energise released medicament, the drive means being actuable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein gear means are provided to said drive means to gear up the torque provided thereby. 4. A medicament dispenser comprising a medicament container for containing medicament for release; an aerosol container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat for receipt of the container; drive means capable of moving the container seat relative to the dispenser seat to actuate the dispensing mechanism to energise released medicament, the drive means being actuable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein gear means are provided to said drive means to gear up the torque provided thereby. 5. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 4, wherein the dispensing mechanism is selected from the group consisting of a valve, pump or plunger mechanism. 6. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 5, wherein the dispensing mechanism comprises a metering mechanism. 7. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 6, additionally comprising a reset mechanism for resetting the dispensing mechanism after actuation thereof. 8. A medicament dispenser according to claim 7, wherein the reset mechanism forms part of the dispensing mechanism. 9. A medicament dispenser according to claim 7, wherein the reset mechanism forms part of the drive means. 10. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 9, wherein the drive means is actuable in response to the application of electrical current energy, electrical field energy or magnetic field energy thereto. 11. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 10, wherein the drive means has a powered return action. 12. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 10, wherein the drive means has an unpowered return action. 13. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 12, wherein the drive means comprises an electrically-powered motor. 14. A medicament dispenser according to claim 13, wherein the motor provides linear or rotary drive. 15. A medicament dispenser according to either of claims 13 or 14, wherein the drive means comprises a motor selected from the group consisting of a DC electric motor, an AC electric motor, a piezoelectric (PZ) motor or an ultrasonic (US) motor, a solenoid motor and a linear electric motor. 16. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 12, wherein the drive means comprises a fluid pump. 17. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 16, wherein the drive means comprises a servo system. 18. A medicament dispenser according to claim 17, wherein said servo system comprises a controller, an amplifier and a feedback device. 19. A medicament dispenser according to claim 18, wherein said controller enables a defined actuation profile to be programmed into said servo system. 20. A medicament dispenser according to either of claims 18 or 19, wherein said feedback device provides an error signal in response to a deviation from the said programmed actuation profile. 21. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 20, wherein actuation of the drive means results directly in actuation of the dispensing mechanism. 22. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 20, wherein actuation of the drive means results indirectly in actuation of the dispensing mechanism. 23. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 15 to 22, wherein said ultrasonic motor provides rotational drive. 24. A medicament dispenser according to claim 23, wherein a cam gear or a jacking plate translates said rotational drive into linear movement to actuate the dispensing mechanism. 25. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 24, wherein the gear means has a gear ratio of from 20:1 to 1000:1. 26. A medicament dispenser according to claim 25, wherein the gear means has a gear ratio of from 100:1 to 200:1. 27. A medicament dispenser according to either of claims 25 or 26, wherein the gear means is selected from the group consisting of a cam gear, a screw drive, a lever, a crank shaft, a pulley and a hydraulic gear. 28. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 27, additionally comprising locator means to locate the position, velocity, torque and/or acceleration of the medicament container therein. 29. A medicament dispenser according to claim 28, wherein said locator means acts such as to continually track the position of the medicament container within the medicament dispenser. 30. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 29, additionally comprising zeroing means to position the medicament container at a defined zero position within the medicament dispenser. 31. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 18 to 30, wherein the controller corrects for errors in the position, velocity, torque or acceleration profile of the drive means. 32. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 31, wherein the drive means is actuable in response to electrical current flow in the range from 0.01 A to 100 A, preferably from 0.1 A to 5 A. 33. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 32, additionally comprising an electrical energy source. 34. A medicament dispenser according to claim 33, wherein said electrical energy source comprises a voltaic cell or battery of voltaic cells. 35. A medicament dispenser according to claim 34, wherein said voltaic cell or battery of voltaic cells is rechargeable. 36. A medicament dispenser according to claim 33, wherein said electrical energy source comprises a photovoltaic cell or battery of photovoltaic cells. 37. A medicament dispenser according to claim 33, wherein said electrical energy source comprises a converter for converting mechanical energy into electrical energy. 38. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 33 to 37, additionally comprising a regulator for controlling the amount of electrical current flow to the drive means. 39. A medicament dispenser according to claim 38, wherein said regulator comprises a timer for controlling the duration of electrical current flow to the drive means. 40. A medicament dispenser according to either of claims 38 or 39, wherein the regulator is responsive to one or more sensors. 41. A medicament dispenser according to claim 40, wherein said sensor senses position, velocity, torque, acceleration, movement, pressure and/or force characteristics. 42. A medicament dispenser according to either of claims 40 or 41, wherein the sensor monitors the electrical current flow to the drive means. 43. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 32 to 42 additionally comprising a local electrical energy store. 44. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 43, wherein said medicament container is a medicament aerosol container. 45. A medicament dispenser according to claim 44, wherein said medicament aerosol container comprises a suspension of a medicament in a propellant. 46. A medicament dispenser according to claim 45, wherein, said propellant comprises liquefied HFA134a, HFA-227, helium or carbon dioxide. 47. A medicament dispenser according to claim 46, wherein said medicament aerosol container comprises a solution of a medicament in a solvent. 48. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 44 to 47, wherein said aerosol container comprises a compressed air or gas and the medicament container comprises medicament in dry powder form. 49. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 45 to 48, wherein the medicament is selected from the group consisting of albuterol, salmeterol, fluticasone propionate, beclomethasone dipropionate, ipratropium salts or solvates thereof and any mixtures thereof. 50. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 5 to 49, wherein the valve is a slide valve. 51. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 5 to 49, wherein the valve is a metering valve. 52. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 51, wherein the container seat is shaped for snug receipt of the base of the medicament container or aerosol container. 53. A medicament dispenser according to claim 2 or any of claims 4 to 52, wherein the dispenser seat is shaped for snug receipt of the tip of the dispensing mechanism. 54. A medicament dispenser according to claim 53, wherein the dispenser seat is further shaped to support the walls of the medicament container or aerosol container. 55. A medicament dispenser according to claim 54, wherein the container seat and dispenser seat in combination form a cradle for the medicament container or aerosol container. 56. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 10 to 55, wherein flow of electrical current to the drive means and hence, actuation of the dispensing mechanism is responsive to a patient-actuable trigger. 57. A medicament dispenser according to claim 56, wherein said trigger comprises a button, switch or lever arrangement. 58. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 57, in the form of an inhaler for the delivery of inhalable medicament. 59. A medicament dispenser according to claim 58, wherein flow of electrical current to the drive means and hence, actuation of the dispensing mechanism is responsive to a patient-actuable trigger comprising a sensor which senses the breath of a patient. 60. A medicament dispenser according to claim 59, wherein said sensor comprises a breath-movable element which is movable in response to the breath of a patient. 61. A medicament dispenser according to claim 60, wherein said breath-movable element is selected from the group consisting of a vane, a sail, a piston, a diaphragm and an impeller. 62. A medicament dispenser according to claim 59, wherein said sensor comprises a pressure sensor for sensing the pressure profile associated with the breath of a patient. 63. A medicament dispenser according to claim 59, wherein said sensor comprises an airflow sensor for sensing the airflow profile associated with the breath of a patient. 64. A medicament dispenser according to claim 59, wherein said sensor comprises a temperature sensor for sensing the temperature profile associated with the breath of a patient. 65. A medicament dispenser according to claim 59, wherein said sensor comprises a moisture sensor for sensing the moisture profile associated with the breath of a patient. 66. A medicament dispenser according to claim 59, wherein said sensor comprises a gas sensor for sensing the oxygen or carbon dioxide profile associated with the breath of a patient. 67. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 66 comprising an actuation counter for counting the number of actuations of the dispensing mechanism or a dose counter for counting the number of doses delivered. 68. A medicament dispenser according to claim 67, wherein said actuation counter is independent of the drive means. 69. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 68, comprising a manual override enabling manual actuation of the dispensing mechanism. 70. A medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 69 additionally comprising an electronic control system for controlling the supply of non-mechanical energy to the drive means. 71. A medicament dispenser according to claim 70, wherein the electronic control system is capable of providing pulses of non-mechanical energy to the drive means. 72. A medicament dispenser according to either of claims 70 or 71, wherein the electronic control system is capable of receiving inputs from electronic sensors locatable on the dispenser. 73. A medicament dispenser according to claim 72, additionally comprising an electronic sensor selected from the group consisting of a breath sensor, a shake sensor, a temperature sensor, an infrared sensor and a patient ID sensor. 74. An actuator for a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism comprising a container seat for receipt of the medicament container; a dispenser seat for receipt of the dispensing mechanism; and drive means capable of moving the container seat relative to the dispenser seat to actuate the dispensing mechanism, the drive means being actuable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein gear means are provided to said drive means to gear up the torque provided thereby. 75. An actuator for a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism comprising a housing; within said housing, a container seat for receipt of the medicament container; on the housing or connecting therewith, an anchor station; and drive means capable of moving the container seat relative to the anchor station to actuate the dispensing mechanism, the drive means being actuable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein gear means are provided to said drive means to gear up the torque provided thereby. 76. An actuator for a medicament dispenser having a medicament container and separately an aerosol container having a dispensing mechanism comprising a housing, shaped for receipt of said medicament container for containing medicament for release; within said housing, a container seat for receipt of said aerosol container having a dispensing mechanism; an anchor station on the housing or connecting therewith; and drive means capable of moving the container seat relative to the anchor station to actuate the dispensing mechanism to energise released medicament, the drive means being actuable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein gear means are provided to said drive means to gear up the torque provided thereby. 77. An actuator for a medicament dispenser having a medicament container and separately an aerosol container having a dispensing mechanism comprising a housing, shaped for receipt of said medicament container for containing medicament for release; an aerosol container having a dispensing mechanism; a container seat for receipt of said aerosol container having a dispensing mechanism; a dispenser seat for receipt of the dispensing mechanism; and drive means capable of moving the container seat relative to the dispenser seat to actuate the dispensing mechanism to energise released medicament, the drive means being actuable in response to the application of non-mechanical energy thereto, wherein gear means are provided to said drive means to gear up the torque provided thereby. 78. An actuator according to any of claims 74 to 77 additionally comprising an electronic control system for controlling the supply of non-mechanical energy to the drive means. 79. An actuator according to claim 78, wherein said electronic control system is capable of providing pulses of non-mechanical energy to the drive means. 80. An actuator according to either of claims 78 or 79, wherein the electronic control system is capable of receiving inputs from electronic sensors locatable on the dispenser. 81. An actuator according to claim 80, additionally comprising an electronic sensor selected from the group consisting of a breath sensor, a shake sensor, a temperature sensor, an infrared sensor and a patient ID sensor. 82. Laboratory test apparatus for testing a medicament container having a dispensing mechanism comprising at least one actuator according to any of claims 74 to 81 and a mounting for said at least one actuator. 83. Kit of parts comprising a medicament dispenser according to any of claims 1 to 73 in the form of a cartridge; and a housing shaped for receipt of said cartridge. 