A device for properly illuminating a flag supported on the flagpole, during the hours of darkness, has the flag lit when means for illumination is energized. The means for illumination--an external source of AC or DC power, internal battery power or solar power--is disposed so as to direct the illumination generally in the direction of the flag, and apply that illumination only during hours of darkness. It is preferred that the means of illumination is permanently connected to a source of energy that provides a photo-cell-operated switch for monitoring the ambient light and for allowing the energy source to be directly applied to that means primarily during hours of darkness.
Claims 1. A device for properly illuminating at least one flag, possibly including the flag of the United States of America, supported on a flag pole, during the hours of darkness, comprising: illuminating means for generating light when energized; attaching means for attaching said illuminating means to a flag pole to direct the illumination generally in the direction of the flag; and means for selectively energizing said illumination means so that the flag is illuminated only during hours of darkness. 2. A device as defined in claim 1, wherein said illumination means comprises a lamp assembly for receiving a bulb. 3. A device as defined in claim 2, wherein said lamp assembly is dimensioned to receive an incandescent bulb. 4. A device as defined in claim 3, wherein said bulb is a flood lamp. 5. A device as defined in claim 3, wherein said bulb is a spot lamp. 6. A device as defined in claim 1, wherein said attaching means includes adjustment means for selectively positioning said illumination means to optimize the amount of light projected on the flag. 7. A device as defined in claim 1, wherein said attaching means comprises a clamp that can be tightened about the flag pole. 8. A device as defined in claim 7, wherein said clamp is a C-clamp. 9. A device as defined in claim 7, wherein said clamp can be adjusted to a predetermined minimum diameter, and further comprising an insert receivable between the external surface of the flagpole and an internal surface of said clamp for allowing said clamp to be tightened about the flagpoles having diameters smaller than said predetermined minimum diameter. 10. A device as defined in claim 1, wherein said means for selectively energizing said illuminating means comprises a power plug that can be inserted into or removed from a terminal outlet box. 11. A device as defined in claim 1, wherein said illumination means is permanently connected to a source of energy, and said means for selectively energizing said illuminating means comprises a switch for selectively interrupting said connection to said source of energy. 12. A device as defined in claim 11, wherein said switch includes light sensitive means for monitoring ambient light. 13. A device as defined in claim 12, wherein said light sensitive means includes a photo-cell. 14. A device as defined in claim 1, further comprising illumination altering means for selectively changing a property of the illuminated light. 15. A device as defined in claim 14, wherein said illumination altering means includes optical filter means interposed between said illumination means and the flag. 16. A device as defined in claim 15, wherein said optical filter means comprises a color filter. 17. A device as defined in claim 15, wherein said optical filter means comprises a protective filter to protect the flag from harmful components of the illuminated light. 18. A device as defined in claim 1, wherein said attaching means comprises an exterior weatherproof chassis or housing for protecting said illumination means during inclement weather. 19. A device as defined in claim 7, wherein said clamp can be sufficiently opened so that it can be placed and mounted on a flagpole at an intermediate position without the need to remove the flagpole from its mounting structure. 20. A device as defined in claim 1, wherein said means for selectively energizing includes a solar power source for storing electrical energy during hours of daylight by converting sunlight into electrical energy. 