In various embodiments, an apparatus, method and system for a solar power supply with monitoring and communications is provided. In one embodiment, an apparatus is provided. The apparatus includes a power source. The apparatus further includes a power regulation module coupled to the power source. The apparatus also includes a battery coupled to the power regulation module. The apparatus includes a communications module coupled to the power regulation module.
Claims 1. That which is described and equivalents thereof. 2. Embodiments as described and illustrated, and combinations of features from separate embodiments. 3. An apparatus, comprising: A power source; A power regulation module coupled to the power source; A battery coupled to the power regulation module; and A communications module coupled to the power regulation module. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein: The power regulation module is an MPPT. 5. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein: The power source is an array of solar cells. 6. A system comprising: A central control module; A central communications module coupled to the central control module; A user interface coupled to the central control module; A first remote power supply including: A power source; A power regulation module coupled to the power source; A battery coupled to the power regulation module; and A remote communications module coupled to the power regulation module; Wherein the remote communications module of the first remote power supply is coupled to the central communications module. 7. The system of claim 6, further comprising: A second remote power supply including: A power source; A power regulation module coupled to the power source; A battery coupled to the power regulation module; and A remote communications module coupled to the power regulation module; Wherein the remote communications module of the second remote power supply is coupled to the central communications module. 8. A method, comprising: Generating power; Regulating the power; Monitoring power; and Delivering power to a load. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising: Storing power in a battery when excess power is generated. 10. The method of claim 8, further comprising: Delivering power from a battery when excess power is demanded from the load. 11. The method of claim 8, further comprising: Generating an error signal when excess power is demanded from the load and the battery is depleted. 