A controller for utilizing real-time surplus electrical energy available from a facility in which a modular system for charging electrical vehicles operates to allow more chargers to be installed and operational at the facility while avoiding costly and time-consuming infrastructure upgrades. The controller includes an EV charger interface, a facility energy management interface, and a distribution grid interface. The EV charger interface bidirectionally interfaces with EV chargers. The facility energy management interface bidirectionally interfaces with a facility electrical monitoring system, and receives real-time current usage readings from the facility electrical monitoring system, and in response thereto, either cycles the EV chargers--via the EV charger interface--on or off to modulate power used at any point in time to stay within overall limits of the facility or reduces EV charging rate in order to make use of any unused electricity on a real-time basis so as to allow more chargers to be installed and operational at the facility while avoiding the costly and time-consuming infrastructure upgrades. The distribution grid interface bidirectionally interfaces with an electrical distribution grid electrically feeding the facility.
Claims 1. A controller for utilizing real-time surplus electrical energy available from a facility in which a modular system for charging electrical vehicles operates to allow more chargers to be installed and operational at the facility while avoiding costly and time-consuming infrastructure upgrades, comprising: a) an EV charger interface; b) a facility energy management interface; and c) a distribution grid interface; wherein said EV charger interface is for bidirectionally interfacing with EV chargers; wherein said facility energy management interface is for bidirectionally interfacing with a facility electrical monitoring system; wherein said facility energy management interface is for receiving real-time current usage readings from the facility electrical monitoring system, and in response thereto, does at least one of: I) cycles EV chargers, via the EV charger interface, on or off to modulate power used at any point in time to stay within overall limits of the facility; and ii) reduces EV charging rate in order to make use of any unused electricity on a real-time basis; and wherein said distribution grid interface is for bidirectionally interfacing with an electrical distribution grid electrically feeding the facility. 2. The controller of claim 1, wherein said controller equalizes electrical consumption of the facility when consumption of the facility fluctuates significantly by filling in valleys in consumption by utilizing the EV chargers, via said EV charger interface. 3. The controller of claim 1, wherein said controller modulates EV charging to stay within limits of electrical system of the facility by continuously monitoring how much unused capacity is available and applying that available capacity to EV charging and/or other related needs so as to assure that load individually circuit breakers are exposed to don't exceed their ratings and that overall service to the facility does not exceed its limits. 4. The controller of claim 1, further comprising an energy storage interface; and wherein said energy storage interface is for bidirectionally interfacing with an energy storage device. 5. The controller of claim 4, wherein said energy storage device is selected from the group consisting of batteries, fly wheels, fuel cells, and combinations thereof. 6. The controller of claim 1, further comprising a renewable energy generation interface; and wherein said renewable energy generation interface is for bidirectionally interfacing with a renewable energy generation device. 7. The controller of claim 6, wherein said renewable energy generation device is selected from the group consisting of PV, wind, solar, and combinations thereof. 8. The controller of claim 4, wherein said controller, via said energy storage interface, is for allowing the energy storage device to charge the EV chargers at night and be available for use during peak load periods when facility power or local grid power is not available in sufficient amounts to meet needs. 9. The controller of claim 4, wherein said controller, via said energy storage interface, is for allowing the energy storage device to be charged up any instant when sufficient facility power is available. 10. The controller of claim 9, wherein said controller allows both EV charging and energy storage recharging to occur at any time if sufficient electrical supply is available. 11. The controller of claim 4, wherein said controller, via said energy storage interface, is for allowing the energy storage device to provide electricity to EV charging in preference to using facility power when determined optimal. 12. The controller of claim 4, wherein said controller, via said energy storage interface, is for allowing energy stored in the energy storage device to be used in combination with facility power to charge electrical vehicles, thus reducing load that the facility would otherwise see. 13. The controller of claim 4, wherein said controller, via said energy storage interface, is for allowing the energy storage device to be used to power facility systems based on economic criteria, and during some periods, said energy storage interface determines that it is economical to curtail EV charging in whole or in part and export power into the electrical distribution grid, via said distribution grid interface. 14. The controller of claim 4, wherein said controller, via said energy storage interface, in periods of no EV charging demand, is for utilizing the energy storage system to charge the electrical distribution grid, via said distribution grid interface, or use energy for other facility energy uses in preference to paying for power by the electrical distribution grid. 15. The controller of claim 6, wherein said controller, via said renewable energy generation interface, is for adding the renewable energy generation devices on a modular basis, which supplies electricity to charge the electric vehicles, charge batteries, power facility loads, or export power to the electrical distribution grid, via said distribution grid interface. 16. The controller of claim 6, wherein said controller, via said renewable energy generation interface, senses power quality and ensures that said distribution grid interface is not exporting power to the electrical distribution grid or being used in the facility in a manner that would damage electrical equipment. 17. The controller of claim 1, wherein said controller, via said distribution grid interface, is for reacting to electrical supply signals including electrical pricing signals, and local electrical congestion, of the electrical distribution grid. 18. The controller of claim 1, wherein said controller is for acting as an automatic arbitrage for the electrical distribution grid, via said distribution grid interface, and for the facility, via said facility energy management interface, so as to allow the energy storage device, via said energy storage interface, to reduce operational costs, improve reliability of the electrical distribution grid, via said distribution grid interface, and accomplish daily load peak shaving. 19. The controller of claim 1, wherein said controller is for buying and selling electricity depending upon local marginal bus price of electricity. 20. The controller of claim 1, wherein said controller, via said distribution grid interface, is for curtailing energy use by large commercial customers on the electrical distribution grid; and wherein said controller, via said facility energy management interface, is for curtailing facility loads based on price signals and/or other considerations to reduce localized grid congestion, shave peak loads, and reduce operational costs. 21. The controller of claim 1, wherein said controller, via said EV charger interface, is for maximizing EV charging by curtailing facility load in favor of EV charging loads. 22. The controller of claim 1, wherein said controller, via said EV charger interface, is for maximizing number of electrical vehicles that are charged in a given time period and with a given amount of electrical power supply, via said distribution grid interface and/or said renewable energy generation interface. 23. The controller of claim 1, wherein said controller is for calculating charging order of the electrical vehicles based on customer-provided expected parking durations, current % charge of each electrical vehicle, and available electrical power so as to allow a number of electrical vehicles charged in a given period with a given amount of power to be automated and provide instructions to parking/charging attendants or to automatically coordinate fleets of single chargers installed in the facility. 24. The controller of claim 1, further comprising an identification system; and wherein said identification system is for automatically identifying the electrical vehicles being charged to simplify billing process. 25. The controller of claim 24, wherein said identification system comprises an RFID sender sticker. 26. The controller of claim 25, wherein said RFID sender sticker of said identification system is for holding electrical vehicle owner identification and billing information; and wherein said RFID sender sticker of said identification system is for placing on the electrical vehicle around a female EV charger connection. 27. The controller of claim 25, wherein said RFID sender sticker of said identification system is for interfacing with an EV charging handle having an RFID receiver that activates said RFID sender sticker when the EV charging handle is inserted into the female EV charger connection, thus identifying each electrical vehicle at point of charging. 