The present invention is directed to an asyncrhronous wireless monocell commonunication system comprising a Parallel-configured Signal Extender (PSE) and one or more wireless devices selected from the group consisting of: wireless handsets, external data communication modules (X-DatCom), personal computer data communication cards (PC-DatCom Cards), and communication docking bays (ComDocs), wherein the wireless devices communicate directly with each other or via the PSE using a Time-Shared Full Duplex (TSFD) protocol and wherein the system does not have a Parallel-configured Network Extender (PNE).
Claims 1. An asynchronous monocell wireless communication system comprising a Parallel-configured Signal Extender (PSE) and one or more wireless devices selected from the group consisting of: wireless handsets, external data communication modules (X-DatCom), personal computer data communication cards (PC-DatCom Cards), and communication docking bays (ConiDocs), wherein the wireless devices communicate directly with each other or via the PSE using a Time-Shared Full Duplex (TSFD) protocol and wherein the system does not have a Parallel-configured Network Extender (PNE). 2. The monocell wireless system of claim 1 wherein the system is powered by an alternative energy source to allow the system to operate in an autonomous mode. 3. The monocell wireless system of claim 2 wherein the alternative energy source is a solar cell or a wind electrical power source. 3. The monocell wireless system of claim 1 further comprising a Parallel Computing Artificial Intelligence-based Call Routing system to monitor and analyze communication paths within and system and to allow the PSE to mimic the function of a PNE. 4. The monocell wireless system of claim 1 wherein external interface connections to an external network are achieved wirelessly via a TSFD wireless ComDoc attached to the external network. 5. The monocell wireless system of claim 1 wherein the system allows for collecting revenue from each wireless device operating within the monocell system. 6. The monocell wireless system of claim 1 wherein each wireless device can transmit in a CCAP or CCAP+sub-protocol to another wireless device within the monocell system. 7. The monocell wireless system of claim 1 wherein the monocell can be remotely controlled by a wireless device outside the monocell system via a satellite. 8. The monocell wireless system of claim 1 wherein the wireless device within the monocell system is remotely controlled by a wireless device outside the monocell system via a satellite. 