A network of energy generating modules includes a plurality of energy generating modules positioned over a geographic area and a network monitoring station. The energy generating modules may include enclosures and energy-transfer receptacles. The enclosures are configured to maintain an energy generating device capable of generating an energy output, and the energy-transfer receptacles are configured to be coupled to the energy generating device and to transfer the energy outputs to energy consuming devices. The energy generating modules are communicably linked to a communications network. In other embodiments, the network of energy generating modules further includes a network monitoring station configured to communicate with the energy generating modules over the communications network to monitor one or more conditions of the energy generating modules.
Claims 1. A network of energy generating modules comprising a plurality of energy generating modules positioned over a geographic area, wherein: the energy generating modules comprise enclosures and energy-transfer receptacles; the enclosures are configured to maintain an energy generating device capable of generating an energy output; the energy-transfer receptacles are configured to be coupled to the energy generating device and to transfer the energy outputs to energy consuming devices; and the energy generating modules are communicably linked to a communications network. 2. The network of energy generating modules of claim 1 further comprising a network monitoring station, wherein: the network monitoring station is configured to communicate with the energy generating modules over the communications network to monitor one or more conditions of the energy generating modules; and the network monitoring station is configured to evaluate data representing one or more of the monitored conditions of the energy generating modules to determine target usages for the energy generating modules. 3. The network of energy generating modules of claim 2, wherein the network monitoring station is further configured to assign usages to the energy generating modules using the target usages. 4. The network of energy generating modules of claim 1, wherein one or more of the energy generating modules further comprise fuel chambers configured to be coupled to the energy generating device. 5. The network of energy generating modules of claim 4, wherein one or more of the energy generating modules further comprise a fuel pump operable to pump fuel from the fuel chambers to the energy consuming devices via the energy-transfer receptacles. 6. The network of energy generating modules of claim 1, wherein one or more of the energy generating modules further comprise a power generating device maintained within the enclosure and operable to generate electric power. 7. The network of energy generating modules of claim 1, wherein one or more of the energy generating modules further comprise a wind turbine engine coupled to an exterior surface of the enclosure and operable to generate electrical power as air passes over the wind turbine engine. 8. The network of energy generating modules of claim 7, wherein the enclosure further comprises an exterior aerodynamic feature operable to channel air passing over the energy generating module toward the wind turbine engine. 9. The network of energy generating modules of claim 1, wherein one or more of the energy generating modules further comprise a solar panel operable to generate electricity from sunlight and an energy storage device operable to store the electricity generated by the solar panel. 10. The network of energy generating modules of claim 1, wherein the energy consuming devices are one or more of the following: a vehicle, a rechargeable battery, a dwelling, an industrial facility, a commercial building, a portable electronics device and construction equipment. 11. The network of energy generating modules of claim 1, wherein one or more of the energy generating modules are supported on a transportable chassis such that the energy generating modules are transportable over the geographic area. 12. The network of energy generating modules of claim 11, wherein one or more of the energy generating modules are removable from the transportable chassis and configured to be positioned at a fixed location. 13. The network of energy generating modules of claim 1, wherein one or more of the energy generating modules are operable to perform one or more of the following: receive depleted batteries, store depleted and recharged batteries, and recharge depleted batteries. 14. The network of energy generating modules of claim 1, wherein one or more of the energy generating modules are configured to be electrically coupled to a power grid. 15. The network of energy generating modules of claim 14, wherein one or more of the energy generating modules are configured to transfer energy outputs of the power grid to the energy consuming devices. 16. The network of energy generating modules of claim 1, wherein one or more of the energy generating modules further comprise a user interface capable of receiving a user input corresponding to an energy consuming device parameter. 17. The network of energy generating modules of claim 1, wherein one or more of the energy generating modules further comprise an advertising space on one or more sides of the enclosure. 18. The network of energy generating modules of claim 1, wherein: the energy generating modules are repositionable over the geographic area; and the target usages define positions over the geographic area appropriate for transfer of the energy outputs to vehicles, power grids, or a combination thereof. 19. The network of energy generating modules of claim 1, wherein: the enclosures comprise boom systems extendable from and retractable to exteriors of the enclosures such that the boom systems may extend and retract between positions in-line with, and conforming to, footprints of the exteriors of the enclosures and positions projecting outward, upward or a combination of outward and upward from the exteriors of the enclosures; and the boom systems deploy a plurality of energy-transfer receptacles when projecting from the exteriors of the enclosures. 20. The network of energy generating modules of claim 19, wherein: the boom systems are pivotable about one or more points of connection with the exteriors of the enclosures such that the boom systems may pivot between retracted positions in-line with, and conforming to, footprints of the exteriors of the enclosures and extended positions projecting from the exteriors of the enclosures; the boom systems are telescopically extendable and retractable with respect to points of connection between the boom systems and the exteriors of the enclosures; and the boom systems are extendable from and retractable to cavities within the exteriors of the enclosures, or combinations thereof. 21. A network of energy generating modules positioned over a geographic area, the network comprising a plurality of energy generating modules, wherein: the energy generating modules comprise enclosures, fuel chambers, and energy-transfer receptacles; the fuel chambers are configured to be fluidly coupled to an energy generating device capable of generating energy outputs using fuel from the fuel chambers; the enclosures comprise boom systems extendable and retractable about points of connection with exteriors of the enclosures such that the boom systems may extend and retract between positions in-line with, and conforming to, footprints of the exteriors of the enclosures and positions projecting from the exteriors of the enclosures; the boom systems deploy the energy-transfer receptacles when projecting from the exteriors of the enclosures; the energy-transfer receptacles are configured to transfer the energy outputs to energy consuming devices; the energy generating modules are supported on transportable chassis such that the energy generating modules are transportable over the geographic area; and the energy generating modules are configured to transmit and receive data over a communications network. 22. An energy generating module comprising an energy generating device, an enclosure for the energy generating device, a fuel chamber, a boom system, and an energy-transfer receptacle, wherein: the energy generating device is in fluid communication with the fuel chamber and is configured to generate an energy output using fuel from the fuel chamber; the boom system is extendable and retractable about one or more points of connection with an exterior of the enclosure such that the boom system may extend and retract between a position in-line with, and conforming to, a footprint of the exterior of the enclosure and a position projecting from the exterior of the enclosure; the boom system deploys the energy-transfer receptacle when projecting from the exterior of the enclosure; the energy-transfer receptacle is configured to transfer the energy output to energy consuming devices; and the energy generating module is operable to communicate with a network monitoring station. 