The teachings presented herein provide a water distribution manifold assembly for distribution of water for mixed indoor and outdoor usage. The assembly finds direct application in water reclamation and conservation in that it allows for the use of runoff and gray water. The assembly integrates in-line filtration in a convenient, readily accessible way. In one or more embodiments, the assembly includes: a supply inlet and an associated check valve and pressure release valve; a filter unit connected to a second check valve; a pressure gauge; one or more outlets, each of which may be connected to a check valve; and a manifold or connecting pipe that interconnects the inlet, filter unit, and one or more outlets. The assembly also may include a controller, which in one or more embodiments provides control, monitoring, and communications for the assembly and/or associated water distribution systems.
Claims 1. A water distribution manifold assembly comprising: an interconnecting pipe having an inlet portion and an outlet portion; a water inlet coupled to the inlet portion of the interconnecting pipe, for inletting water into the interconnecting pipe; a filter unit in fluid communication between the water inlet and outlet portions of the interconnecting pipe, for filtering inlet water from the water inlet and providing filtered water to the outlet portion of the interconnecting pipe; an indoor water outlet coupled to the outlet portion of the interconnecting pipe, for providing filtered water for indoor use, said indoor water outlet fitted with a plumbing adaptor for coupling to an indoor plumbing system; and an outdoor water outlet coupled to the outlet portion of the interconnecting pipe, for providing filtered water for outdoor water use. 2. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 1, further comprising an outlet valve integrated into or otherwise coupled with the outdoor water outlet, for controlling water flow from the outdoor water outlet. 3. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 1, further comprising an inlet valve integrated into or otherwise coupled with the water inlet, for controlling water flow into the water inlet. 4. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 1, further comprising a pressurized air fitting integrated into or otherwise coupled with the outdoor water outlet, downstream from said outlet valve, for use in purging an outdoor plumbing system supplied by the outdoor water outlet. 5. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 1, wherein the water distribution manifold assembly comprises a pressurized water distribution manifold assembly, wherein the water inlet is configured to receive a pressured flow of inlet water, and wherein the indoor and outdoor water outlets are configured to provide pressurized flows of outlet water. 6. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 5, further comprising a pressure gauge integrated in or otherwise coupled to the interconnecting pipe, and configured to measure a fluid pressure in the interconnecting pipe. 7. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 5, further comprising a pressure release valve integrated in or otherwise coupled to the interconnecting pipe, and configured to limit a maximum fluid pressure that is permitted to develop within the interconnecting pipe. 8. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 1, further comprising a removable end cap at one or both ends of the interconnecting pipe, to provide for extending a length of the inlet portion of the interconnecting pipe length, extending a length of the outlet portion of the interconnecting pipe, or both. 9. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 1, further comprising one or more unfiltered water outlets coupled to the inlet portion of the interconnecting pipe. 10. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 1, wherein the filter unit includes a purge valve and an associated purge outlet, for purging sediment from the filter unit. 11. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 1, wherein the filter unit includes a filter rated at a minimum particle size of about 51 microns. 12. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 1, further comprising a controller that is configured to perform at least one of the following: valve control for the water distribution manifold assembly; pressure or flow monitoring for the water distribution manifold assembly; valve or pump control for one or more water systems that supply or are supplied by the water distribution manifold assembly; and electronic communications for control or monitoring of the water distribution manifold assembly. 13. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 12, wherein said water distribution manifold assembly includes one or more controllable valves configured to control water flow into or out of the water distribution manifold assembly, and wherein the controller is operatively coupled to the one or more controllable valves, and is configured to control the one or more control valves. 14. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 13, wherein the controller controls the one or more control valves responsive to at least one of the following: monitoring water pressure or flow rate for the water distribution manifold assembly; and receiving valve control signaling through a communication interface of the controller. 15. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 12, wherein the controller includes a pump control output that is configured to provide a pump control signal for controlling an external water pump associated with providing pressurized water flow into the water inlet of the interconnecting pipe, and wherein the controller is configured to generate or otherwise control the pump control signal as a function of monitoring water flow in the interconnecting pipe, or water pressure in the interconnecting pipe, or both. 16. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 12, wherein the water distribution manifold assembly includes one or more sensor elements configured to provide one or more sensor signals to the controller, and wherein the controller is configured to monitor the one or more sensing signals and provide at least one of a visual indication associated with the sensing signals, and a communication signaling output associated with the sensing signals. 17. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 12, wherein the water distribution manifold further includes a solar or wind power system that is configured to provide operating power to the controller. 18. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 12, wherein the controller is configured to monitor a water level within a reservoir serving as a water source for the water distribution manifold, and wherein the controller is configured to control the drawing of water from a secondary source into the reservoir in response to detecting a critical water level in the reservoir. 19. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 1, wherein the water distribution manifold includes at least one of a flow rate sensor and a pressure sensor, and wherein the water distribution manifold includes one or more displays that are configured to display at least one of: an indication of water flow rate in the interconnecting pipe, an indication of water pressure in the interconnecting pipe, and an indication of water level in a supply tank used to supply water to the water distribution manifold assembly. 20. The water distribution manifold assembly of claim 1, wherein the water distribution manifold assembly comprises a pressure-regulated water distribution manifold assembly that is configured to regulate water pressure with respect to one or more water outlets by at least one of: controlling a supply pump that provides pressured water flow to the water inlet, and controlling a pressure regulator in or associated with the interconnecting pipe. 