A security system for monitoring at least one shipping container being transported by at least one cargo transport vehicle has a Container Security Device (CSD) configured to be removably coupled to the at least one freight shipping container wall thereby utilizing for monitoring a cargo inside the container and detection of intrusion violations accompanied with partial destruction of the container wall when in a coupled condition. The CSD including at least one anti-tamper sensor, a microcontroller and a communication device; where the microcontroller generates an alarm signal based on a signal from at least one anti-tamper sensor is subjected to an individual sensor processing procedure and then to an integrated sensor processing procedure, the integrated sensor processing procedure make determination of the overall container alert status based on the alarm signal from at least one sensor. The system also has a Network Operations Center (NOC), the NOC including a NOC communications facility configured to communicate with at least one telecommunication network, the NOC being configured to receive data from each of the plurality of the CSDs and including a data storage medium configured to store sensor data and contained an archive of the container events.
Claims 1. A security system for monitoring at least one shipping container being transported by at least one cargo transport vehicle, the system comprising: a Container Security Device (CSD) configured to be removably coupled to the at least one freight shipping container wall thereby utilized for monitoring a cargo inside the container and detection of intrusion violations accompanied with partial destruction of the container wall when in a coupled condition, the CSD including at least one anti-tamper sensor, a microcontroller and a communication device; wherein the microcontroller generates an alert status based on an output data generated by least one anti-tamper sensor being subjected to an individual sensor processing procedure and then to an integrated sensor processing procedure, the integrated sensor processing procedure makes determination of the overall container alert status based on the output data from said at least one sensor; and a Network Operations Center (NOC), the NOC including a NOC communications facility configured to communicate with at least one telecommunication network, the NOC being configured to receive data from each of a plurality of the CSDs and including a data storage medium configured to store sensor data and contained an archive of the container events. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein a raw data, an intrusion impact data, a vibration signal data and a standard models data are downloaded into the microcontroller when the CSD is driven to an active state. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the CSD communication device includes RF transmitter. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the RF transmitter is configured to transmit RF transmission through a programmed time intervals set in the microcontroller. 5. The system of claim 3 wherein the RF transmitter is configured to transmit RF transmission when an alarm condition detected by the CSD. 6. The system of claim 3, wherein the RF transmitter is configured to transmit RF transmission when it is requested by the NOC. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the CSD is remotely driven from a sleeping mode to an active state by the NOC. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the CSD uses a standby mode for the energy savings purposes. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the CSD is driven from the standby mode to the active mode by the RF transmitter. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein the CSD remains in the standby mode and driven into the active mode only periodically with a programmed by the microcontroller frequency. 11. The system of claim 8, wherein the CSD is driven from the standby mode to the active when at least one anti-tamper sensor input exceeds a thresholds level. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the CSD communication device further comprises a Cellular modem, and/or a Satellite modem, and an UFBT being activated in response to an alarm generated by the microcontroller. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the CSD communication device is configured to communicate its condition including an alarm transmission to the NOC via cellular communication channels. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein the CSD communication device is configured to communicate its condition including an alarm transmission to the NOC via satellite communication channels. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein a power unit includes a storage battery. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the CSD is configured to receive electrical power from the cargo transport vehicle. 17. The system of claim 14, wherein the CSD is charged by a solar panel when exposed to sunlight. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the power unit being configured to obtain an electrical power from the Solar battery when the electrical power from the cargo transport vehicle is interrupted. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the CSD is configured to transmit a power interrupt alarm to the NOC when the electrical power from the cargo transport vehicle is interrupted or when the storage battery charge falls below a threshold level. 20. The system of claim 14, wherein at least one anti-tamper sensor includes an accelerometer, wherein the accelerometer output is being monitored for exceeding a pre-set threshold, which triggers the data to be further analyzed in the microcontroller for presence of an intrusion signal. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein the accelerometer output is being monitored to detect a vibration signal of the container wall. 22. The system of claim 20, wherein the CSD microcontroller subjecting the accelerometer a single hit signal to a wavelet analysis in time and frequency domain, a weighed Fourier analysis to produce an image of a single hit signal. 23. The system of claim 22, wherein the CSD microcontroller compares the image of the single hit signal to an image of standard intrusion signal of a damaged container to determine if the intrusion took place. 24. The system of claim 20, wherein the CSD microcontroller compares the accelerometer output to a standard signal, corresponding to a signal generating by a metal cutting instrument to determine if the metal cutting instrument is used to break the container wall. 25. The system of claim 21, wherein the CSD microcontroller subjecting the accelerometer vibration signal to a wavelet analysis and a "window" Fourier analysis to produce a data of a current vibration. 26. The system of claim 25, wherein the CSD microcontroller compares the data of the current vibration to a standard data related to a mode of transportation to determine which mode of transportation used to move the container. 27. The system of claim 14, wherein the CSD further comprises a plurality of accelerometers that form a mass-tomograph, the mass-tomograph used to build up a spatial picture of a mass distribution through the container. 28. The system of claim 27, wherein the mass-tomograph is a stationary mass-tomograph used as a device to obtain imaging of the contents of the container. 29. The system of claim 28, wherein the container in placed inside the ex-rated camera. 30. The system of claim 29, wherein the container is moving at a steady speed through the device to obtain imaging of the contents of the container. 31. The system of claim 30, wherein the accelerometers data without the moving container subtracted from the accelerometers data with the moving container to eliminate an influence of surrounding on an output of the sensors. 32. The system of claim 27, wherein the mass-tomograph used to obtain information about the cargo mass and the mass distribution inside the container for purposes to determine a digital signature (DS). 33. The system of claim 27, wherein the DS includes parameters container mass (M), components of the container moment of inertia (Ix, Iy, Iz) and the center of mass coordinates of the body frame (Rm), said parameters characterize spatial distribution of the container mass. 34. The system of claim 33, wherein the change in the DS parameter Rm indicates that the cargo inside the container has shifted during the containers motion. 35. The system of claim 33, wherein the change in the DS parameters Ix, Iy, Iz and Rm indicates that the partial destruction took place. 36. The system of claim 33, wherein the change in the DS parameters M, Ix, Iy, Iz and Rm indicates that the container has been tampered. 37. The system of claim 14, wherein at least one anti-tamper sensor includes a light sensor, the light sensor output being monitored for a speed of light current exceeding a programmed threshold stored in the CSD microcontroller, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed in the microcontroller for presence of potential intrusion signal. 38. The system of claim 14, wherein at least one anti-tamper sensor includes a capacitive proximity sensor, the capacity proximity sensor output is being monitored to change in capacitance inside the container when new objects are introduced or removed, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed in the microcontroller for presence of change in the cargo mass signal. 39. The system of claim 14, wherein at least one anti-tamper sensor includes a capacitive proximity sensor, the capacity proximity sensor output being monitored for any objects being in close proximity to locks and seals of the container, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed in the microcontroller for presence of locks and seals break-in signal. 40. The system of claim 14, wherein at least one anti-tamper sensor includes a temperature sensor, the temperature sensor output being monitored to a thermal excursion outside a predetermined temperature range and to a speed of the temperature change stored in the CSD microcontroller, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed in the microcontroller for presence of change in the cargo mass signal. 41. The system of claim 14, wherein at least one anti-tamper sensor includes a smoke detector sensor, the smoke detector sensor output being monitored to a chemical air substance level exceeding a threshold level stored in the CSD microcontroller, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed in the microcontroller for presence for the smoking signal. 42. The system of claim 14, wherein at least one anti-tamper sensor includes a ultrasound micro-power radar (UMPR), the UMPR output being monitored to a processed data exceeding a threshold stored in the CSD microcontroller, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed in the microcontroller for presence of humans or animals signal. 43. The system of claim 14, wherein at least one anti-tamper sensor includes a micro-power radar (MPR), the MPR radioprint output being monitored to a processed data deviated from a sample radioprint output stored the CSD microcontroller, which triggers the radioprint output data to be further analyzed in the microcontroller for potential intrusion signal. 44. The system of claim 14, wherein at least one anti-tamper sensor includes an infrared sensor, the infrared sensor output being monitored for a warm object to be detected inside the container, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed in the microcontroller for presence of human or animal signal. 45. The system of claim 14, wherein the CSD further comprises a global positioning system (GPS) receiver, the GPS receiver determining a CSD location data. 46. The system of claim 45, wherein the GPS receiver output being monitored for CSD location data is different from a programmed CSD location data stored in the microcontroller, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed in the microcontroller for a deviation from a programmed route signal. 47. The system of claim 46, wherein the microcontroller subjecting an output data generated by at least one anti-tamper sensor to a majority voting algorithm stored in the microcontroller that performs analysis of the respective individual sensor output data. 48. The system of claim 47, wherein the microcontroller subjecting an output data generated by at least one anti-tamper sensor after analyzed by the majority voting algorithm to an integrated sensor processing procedure, that makes determination of the overall container alert status based on the output of the individual sensor processing procedures. 49. The system of claim 1, wherein the CSD coupled to the container wall through the use of Rare Earth Magnets, and/or Double-Stick Tape and/or Hot-Glue. 50. The system of claim 1, wherein the NOC further comprises: a cellular communications facility configured to communicate with the CSD disposed on each of the plurality of cargo transport vehicles; a satellite communications facility configured to communicate with the CSD disposed on each of the plurality of cargo transport vehicles; and at least one computer network coupled to the satellite communication facility, wherein the computer network being configured to evaluate data received from each of the CSD, to detect alarm condition, and to notify at least one governmental entity by transmitting an alarm message via at least one existing telecommunications network. 51. The system of claim 50, wherein at least one computer network is configured to generate control messages to each of the CSDs, the control messages being transmitted to the CSDs via the cellular or satellite communications facility. 52. The system of claim 51, wherein at least one computer network includes a LAN or a WAN network. 53. The system of claim 51, wherein at least one computer network includes at least one server computer. 54. The system of claim 51, wherein at least one computer network includes a database. 55. The system of claim 54, wherein the system further comprises a bridge disposed in the at least one cargo transport vehicle, the bridge including a recorder communication system being configured to communicate with the CSD communication device and the NOC communication devise, the bridge also including a data storage medium configured to store data pertaining to the container events. 56. The system of claim 55, wherein the bridge communication system includes a cellular modem, the cellular modem being configured to communicate with the NOC via cellular communications channel. 57. The system of claim 55, wherein the bridge communication system includes a satellite modem, the satellite modem being configured to communicate with NOC via satellite communication channel. 58. The system of claim 55, wherein the bridge communication system includes a UFBT the UFBT being configured to communicate with the CSD. 59. The system of claim 55, wherein the CSD is driven from an inactive state to an active state by the bridge. 60. The system of claim 59, wherein the CSD signal is transmitted from the bridge to the NOC, wherein the CSD is not capable to communicate directly to the NOC. 61. The system of claim 55, wherein the CSD RF transmitter is configured to transmit RF transmission including systems condition to the bridge at the NOC request. 62. The system of claim 61, wherein the bridge further comprises an Ethernet interface. 63. The system of claim 61, wherein the bridge further comprises an External connection interface. 64. The system of claim 61, wherein the bridge further comprises a user interface. 65. The system of claim 61, wherein the bridge further comprises a global positioning system (GPS) receiver, the GPS receiver determining a bridge location data. 66. The system of claim 55, wherein the cargo transport vehicle a vessel or a barge. 67. The system of claim 55, wherein the cargo transport vehicle is an aircraft. 68. The system of claim 55, wherein the cargo transport vehicle is a truck and/or trailer. 69. The system of claim 55, wherein the cargo transport vehicle is a train. 70. A security system for monitoring a plurality of shipping containers being transported by a plurality of cargo transport vehicles, each of the plurality of cargo vehicles transporting at least one shipping container, the system comprising: a Container Security Device (CSD) configured to be removably coupled to the at least one freight shipping container wall thereby utilizing for monitoring a cargo inside the container and detection of intrusion violations accompanied with partial destruction of the container wall when in a coupled condition, the CSD including at least one anti-tamper sensor, a microcontroller and a communication device; a plurality of bridges, each bridge of the plurality of bridges being disposed in one cargo transport vehicle, each bridge including a recorder communication system being configured to communicate with the CSD communication device and a NOC communication devise, the bridge also including a data storage medium configured to store a data pertaining to the container events. a Network Operating Center (NOC) in communication with each of the plurality of bridges and CSDs in the system, the NOC being configured to receive data from each of the plurality of bridges and CSDs, including a data storage medium contained an archive of the container events and configured to store sensor data. 71. A method for monitoring at least one freight shipping container being transported by at least one cargo transport vehicle, the method comprising: providing a container security device (CSD) configured to be removably coupled to the at least one freight shipping container wall thereby utilizing for monitoring a cargo inside the container and detection of intrusion violations accompanied with partial destruction of container wall when in a coupled condition, the CSD including at least one anti-tamper sensor, a microcontroller, and the CSD communication device; and sending an output data obtained from the at least one anti-tamper sensor to the microcontroller. 72. The method of claim 71, wherein the step of monitoring at least one shipping container further comprises the step of remotely controlling the container CSD by transmitting at least one command to the CSD communications device. 73. The method of claim 72, wherein the step of monitoring the container CSD includes the step of driving the CSD from a standby mode to an active mode by the microcontroller with a programmed frequency. 74. The method of claim 73, wherein the step of driving the CSD from the standby mode to the active mode by the microcontroller with a programmed frequency for energy savings purposes. 75. The method of claim 71, further comprises the step of storing an output sensor data. 76. The method of claim 71, further comprising the steps of: analyzing the output sensor data according to an individual sensor processing procedure; determining an alert status based on the step of analyzing output sensor data according to an integrated sensor processing procedure based on the analysis of the individual processing procedure; and transmitting the alert status condition to a Network Operations Center (NOC). 77. The method of claim 76, wherein the step of transmitting is performed using a pre-existing telecommunications system. 78. The method of claim 77, wherein step of monitoring the container CSD include monitoring the accelerometer output for exceeding a pre-set threshold, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed in the microcontroller for presence of an intrusion signal. 79. The method of claim 78, wherein step of monitoring the container CSD include monitoring the parameters MA Ix, Iy, Iz and Rm characterizing spatial distribution of the container mass. 80. The method of claim 76, wherein step of monitoring the container CSD include monitoring the light sensor output for a speed of light current exceeding a programmed threshold, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed for presence of intrusion signal. 81. The method of claim 76, wherein step of monitoring the container CSD include monitoring the capacity proximity sensor output to change in capacitance inside the container when new objects are introduced or removed, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed in the microcontroller for presence of change in the cargo mass signal. 82. The method of claim 76, wherein step of monitoring the container CSD include monitoring the capacity proximity sensor output when any objects are in close proximity to locks and seals of the container, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed for presence of locks and seals break-in signal. 83. The method of claim 76, wherein step of monitoring the container CSD include monitoring the temperature sensor output to a thermal excursion outside a predetermined temperature range and to a speed of the temperature change, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed for presence of change in the cargo mass signal. 84. The method of claim 76, wherein step of monitoring the container CSD include monitoring the smoke detector output to a chemical air substance level exceeding a threshold, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed for presence of the smoking signal. 85. The method of claim 76, wherein step of monitoring the container CSD include monitoring the UMPR output to a processed data exceeding a threshold, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed for presence of humans or animals signal. 86. The method of claim 76, wherein step of monitoring the container CSD include monitoring MPR radioprint output to a processed data deviated from a sample radioprint output, which triggers the radioprint output data to be further analyzed for potential intrusion signal. 87. The method of claim 76, wherein step of monitoring the container CSD include monitoring the infrared sensor output for a warm object to be detected inside the container, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed for presence of human or animal signal. 88. The method of claim 76, wherein the step of monitoring the container CSD include monitoring the GPS receiver output for the CSD location data to be different from a programmed CSD location data, which triggers the output data to be further analyzed for deviation from a programmed route signal. 89. The method of claim 76, wherein the step of communicating the alert status condition included the step of transmitting the alert status condition from the CSD to the NOC by way of a cellular communications channel. 90. The method of claim 76, wherein the step of communicating the alert status included step of transmitting the alert status condition from the CSD to a bridge by the UFBT. 91. The method of claim 89, wherein the step of communicating included step of transmitting the alert status condition from the bridge to the NOC by way of a satellite communications channel. 92. The method of claim 89, wherein the step of communicating included step of transmitting the alarm status condition from the bridge to the NOC by way of s cellular communications channel. 93. A method of monitoring at least one freight shipping container being transported by at least one cargo transport vehicle from a point of origin to a destination point, the method comprising: providing route data corresponding to the path traversed by at least one cargo transport vehicle from a point of origin to a point of destination; monitoring an actual position of at least one cargo vehicle to determine whether the actual position of the vehicle corresponds to the route data; generating an alert status condition if the actual position of the vehicle does not correspond to the route data; notify a Network Operation Center (NOC) of the alert status. 94. A computer readable medium stored thereon a data structure for packetizing data being transmitted between a container CSD and a bridge, the CSD being configured to be removably coupled to the at least one freight shipping container disposed on a cargo transport vehicle, the bridge being disposed on the cargo transport vehicle, the data structure comprising: a container CSD identification field containing data that uniquely identifies the container CSD; and a payload field containing either CSD status data or bridge command data depending on the course of the packet. 95. The data structure of claim 93, wherein the payload field in packets transmitted from the CSD to the bridge include status data, the status data representing an output data of at least one sensor subjected to an individual sensor processing procedure and an integrated sensor processing procedure disposed in the container CSD. 96. The data structure of claim 94, wherein the status data includes an output data of an accelerometer disposed in the CSD. 97. The data structure of claim 95, wherein the status data includes an output data of a mass-tomograph disposed in the CSD. 98. The data structure of claim 96, wherein the status data includes an output data of a light sensor. 99. The data structure of claim 94, wherein the status data includes an output data of a capacity proximity sensor disposed in the CSD. 100. The data structure of claim 94, wherein the status data included an output data of a temperature sensor disposed in the CSD. 101. The data structure of claim 94, wherein the status data included an output data of a smoke detector sensor disposed in the CSD. 102. The data structure of claim 94, wherein the status data included an output data of a UMPR disposed in the CSD. 103. The data structure of claim 94, wherein the status data included an output data of a MPR disposed in the CSD. 104. The data structure of claim 94, wherein the status data included an output data of a infrared sensor disposed in the CSD. 105. The data structure of claim 94, wherein the payload filed in packets transmitted from the bridge to the CSD, the command data being utilized the CSD to perform a corresponding task. 106. A computer readable medium having stored thereon a data structure for packetizing data being transmitted between a bridge and a Network Operations Center (NOC), the bridge being configured to monitor at least one container CSD configured to be removably coupled to the at least one freight shipping container disposed on a cargo transport vehicle, the bridge being disposed on the cargo transport vehicle, the data structure comprising: a bridge identification field containing data that uniquely identifies the container CSD; and a payload field containing either bridge status or NOC command data depending on the source of the packet. 107. The data structure of claim 104, wherein the bridge status data includes a location field, corresponding to the location of the bridge, a time and data field corresponding to the time and date the packet was generated, a bridge status field, and a CSD status field. 108. The data structure of claim 105, wherein the payload field in packets transmitted from the NOC to the bridge includes NOC command data, the command data being utilized by the bridge to perform a task. 109. A system for monitoring shipping containers, comprising: a network operations center (NOC); a container security device (CSD) that may be removably coupled to a shipping container to detect intrusion into the shipping container; wherein the NOC receives an alert status when the intrusion is detected. 110. The system of claim 107, the CSD comprising: a microcontroller; at least one sensor for detecting intrusion into the container; at least one communication device for communicating with the NOC; a power source for providing power to the microcontroller, sensor and communication device. 111. The system of claim 108, the sensors being selected from the group including temperature sensor, light sensor, motion sensor, air sensor, proximity sensor, ultrasonic sensor, sound sensor. 112. The system of claim 107, further comprising a bridge for providing communication between the CSD and the NOC. 113. The system of claim 107, the CSD detecting motion within the container. 114. The system of claim 111, the CSD detecting proximity to seals and locks of the container. 115. The system of claim 108, the communication device transmitting and receiving using a radio frequency. 116. A system for monitoring personal condition, comprising: a network operations center (NOC); a monitoring module that may be removably coupled to a human being to monitor health conditions and detect potential emergency event; wherein the monitoring module comprising: a microcontroller; at least one sensor for detecting potential emergency event; at least one communication device for communicating with the NOC; a power source for providing power to the microcontroller, sensor and communication device. wherein the NOC receives an alert status when the emergency event occurred. 