A renewable energy monitoring system collects streams of informational reports from remote renewable energy systems. It separates the data streams by client, and client identification, in order to template such data streams onto models of clients' equipment configurations and topologies. The system sorts and groups client data by categories, so workstations can be employed to access statistics, monitor operational flags, initiate/display reports, and control system operations. Particular client/user information is accumulated and assembled on a per account basis to issue client statements, revenue checks, invoices, and controls, wherein, headquarters workstations can be used to access single-client statistics, monitor operational flags, initiate/display reports, and engage payables, receivables, and general ledger accounting operations. Selected information is posted to the Internet on a webpage for respective users, so each user can query how much electricity they are generating/using, and the net amount they are exporting. Various kinds of charts and graphics are rendered in HTML to make the data easy to navigate, absorb and understand.
Claims 1. (canceled) 2. (canceled) 3. (canceled) 4. (canceled) 5. (canceled) 6. (canceled) 7. (canceled) 8. (canceled) 9. A computer implemented method comprising: receiving operational information from a first plurality of solar power stations across a network in at least one server, the operational information comprising solar power output measurements for each solar power station; relating, by the at least one server, a second plurality of solar power stations based on location, wherein the second plurality of solar power stations are in geographic proximity, and wherein the second plurality of solar power stations are a subset of the first plurality of solar power stations; separating, by the at least one server, the received operational information to obtain the solar power output measurements for the second plurality of solar power stations; comparing a solar power output measurement of a first solar power station of the second plurality of solar power stations to solar power output measurements of one or more other nearby solar power stations of the second plurality of solar power stations; and detecting an operational anomaly in the first solar power station based on said comparing. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein the solar power output measurement of the first solar power station is compared to a solar power output measurement of one other nearby solar power station. 11. The method of claim 9 wherein the solar power output measurement of the first solar power station is compared to an average of solar power output measurements of one or more other nearby solar power stations. 12. The method of claim 9 wherein each of the second plurality of solar power stations are residential solar power stations. 13. The method of claim 9 wherein operational information from each of the second plurality of solar power stations is identified by a particular solar power station identification (ID). 14. The method of claim 9 wherein the operational anomaly is an equipment problem of the first solar power station, the method further comprising automatically generating an alert to call attention to the operational anomaly. 15. The method of claim 9 wherein the solar power output measurement for the first solar power station has a nominal range, and wherein excursion of the solar panel output measurement for the first solar power station outside the nominal range signals said operational anomaly in the first solar power station to said at least one server. 16. The method of claim 9 wherein the operational information comprises weather data, and wherein the weather data is used to detect the operation anomaly. 17. The method of claim 9 wherein the operational information for each of the second plurality of solar power stations further comprises one or more of outside temperature at a particular location, operating temperature of an inverter, voltage from one or more solar panels, current from one or more solar panels, an electrical load, a utility meter reading, and a condition of the utility grid. 18. A computer implemented method comprising: receiving information from a plurality of solar power stations across a network in at least one server, the information comprising operational data for each solar power station, wherein information from each solar power station is identified by a particular solar power station identification (ID); grouping the information into at least a first data group corresponding to a first plurality of solar power stations and a second data group corresponding to a second plurality of solar power stations; and controlling the operation of the first plurality of solar power stations based on first processing of the first data group and controlling the operation of the second plurality of solar power stations based on second processing of the second data group, wherein controlling comprises: sending first software or a first parameter to a first solar power station in the first plurality of solar power stations to control operation of said first solar power station, and sending second software or a second parameter to a second solar power station in the second plurality of solar power stations to control operation of said second solar power station. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein controlling the operation of the first plurality of solar power stations comprises coupling electrical power from a utility grid to electrical loads or coupling electrical power from one or more solar panels to the utility grid. 20. The method of claim 18 wherein controlling the operation of the first plurality of solar power stations comprises load balancing between the first plurality of solar power stations. 21. The method of claim 18 wherein controlling comprises fixing problems with one or more solar power stations, wherein the first software or first parameter correct for one or more underperforming solar power stations in the first plurality of solar power stations, and wherein the second software or second parameter correct for one or more underperforming solar power stations in the second plurality of solar power stations. 22. The method of claim 18 wherein said first software or said first parameter sent to the first solar power station in the first plurality of solar power stations control operation of a first inverter in the first solar power station, and wherein said second software or said second parameter sent to the second solar power station in the second plurality of solar power stations control operation of a second inverter in the second solar power station. 23. The method of claim 18 wherein said first software or said first parameter sent to the first solar power station in the first plurality of solar power stations control operation of a first monitor attached to the first solar power station, and wherein said second software or said second parameter sent to the second solar power station in the second plurality of solar power stations control operation of a second monitor attached to the second solar power station. 24. A computer implemented method comprising: receiving information from a plurality of solar power stations across a network in at least one server, the information comprising operational data specifying the performance of each solar power station, wherein information from each solar power station comprises a particular solar power station identification (ID); identifying, by the server, information from different solar power stations using the solar power station ID; generating, by the server, an alert if a first solar power station of the plurality of solar power stations is underperforming; and selecting, by the server, one of a plurality of predefined remedial actions to correct the underperforming first solar power station. 25. The method of claim 24 wherein the remedial actions comprise downloading new software or parameters to the first solar power station from the server, generating an email to a user, instructing a user to make a phone call, and dispatching a repair crew. 26. The method of claim 24 wherein the plurality of solar power stations are residential solar power stations. 