A multi-function cane, including a cane body and functional devices. The functional devices are operatively connected to the cane body, and include, e.g, a battery interface, solar cells, a solar cell-activating switch, a power-level light, a lamp, a lamp-activating switch, an audible emergency alert, an alert-activating switch, GPS, a GPS-activating switch, a non-satellite radio, a non-satellite radio-activating switch, a TV, a TV-activating switch, a satellite radio, a satellite radio-activating switch, a panic alarm, a panic alarm-activating switch, biosensor readouts, a biosensor readout-activating switch, a traffic-signal shape and color sensor, a traffic-signal sensor-activating switch, a timepiece, a timepiece-activating switch, a PDA, a PDA-activating switch, a pedometer, a pedometer-activating switch, an accelerometer, an accelerometer-activating switch, a cell-phone, a cell-phone keypad, an audible message alert, a message alert-activating switch, an audible stairs/road depression alert, a stairs/road depression alert-activating switch, a system tester, and a system tester-activating switch.
Claims 1. A multi-function cane, comprising: a) a cane body; and b) functional devices; wherein said functional devices are operatively connected to said cane body. 2. The cane of claim 1, wherein said functional devices comprise a battery interface; wherein said battery interface of said functional devices is contained within said cane; and wherein said battery interface of said functional devices is for holding batteries for powering said functional devices. 3. The cane of claim 2, wherein said functional devices comprise solar cells; wherein said solar cells of said functional devices are disposed on said cane body; and wherein said solar cells of said functional devices are in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices for recharging the batteries. 4. The cane of claim 3, wherein said functional devices comprise a solar cell-activating switch; wherein said solar cell-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said solar cell-activating switch of said functional devices are in electrical communication with said solar cells of said functional devices; and wherein said solar cell-activating switch of said functional devices selectively operates said solar cells of said functional devices. 5. The cane of claim 4, wherein said functional devices comprise a power-level light; wherein said power-level light of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said power-level light of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said power-level light of said functional devices indicates power level of the batteries. 6. The cane of claim 5, wherein said functional devices comprise a lamp; wherein said lamp of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said lamp of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said lamp of said functional devices is for providing illumination for a user. 7. The cane of claim 6, wherein said functional devices comprise a lamp-activating switch; wherein said lamp-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said lamp-activating switch of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said lamp of said functional devices; and wherein said lamp-activating switch of said functional devices selectively operates said lamp of said functional devices. 8. The cane of claim 7, wherein said functional devices comprise an audible emergency alert; wherein said audible emergency alert of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said audible emergency alert of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said audible emergency alert of said functional devices is for providing an emergency alert for use by the user. 9. The cane of claim 8, wherein said functional devices comprise an alert-activating switch; wherein said alert-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said alert-activating switch of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said audible emergency alert of said functional devices; and wherein said alert-activating switch of said functional devices selectively operates said audible emergency alert of said functional devices. 10. The cane of claim 9, wherein said functional devices comprise GPS; wherein said GPS of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said GPS of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said GPS of said functional devices is for locating the user. 11. The cane of claim 10, wherein said functional devices comprise a GPS-activating switch; wherein said GPS-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said GPS of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said GPS of said functional devices; and wherein said GPS of said functional devices selectively operates said GPS of said functional devices. 12. The cane of claim 11, wherein said functional devices comprise a non-satellite radio; wherein said non-satellite radio of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said non-satellite radio of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said non-satellite radio of said functional devices is for providing non-satellite radio listening for the user. 13. The cane of claim 12, wherein said functional devices comprise a non-satellite-radio-activating switch; wherein said non-satellite-radio-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said non-satellite-radio-activating switch of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said non-satellite radio of said functional devices; and wherein said non-satellite-radio-activating switch of said functional devices selectively operates said non-satellite radio of said functional devices. 14. The cane of claim 13, wherein said functional devices comprise a TV; wherein said TV of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said TV of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said TV of said functional devices is for providing TV viewing for the user. 15. The cane of claim 14, wherein said functional devices comprise a TV-activating switch; wherein said TV-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said TV-activating switch of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said TV of said functional devices; and wherein said TV-activating switch of said functional devices selectively operates said TV of said functional devices. 16. The cane of claim 15, wherein said functional devices comprise a satellite radio; wherein said satellite radio of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said satellite radio of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said satellite radio of said functional devices is for providing satellite radio listening for the user. 17. The cane of claim 16, wherein said functional devices comprise a satellite-radio-activating switch; wherein said satellite-radio-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said satellite-radio-activating switch of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said satellite radio of said functional devices; and wherein said satellite-radio-activating switch of said functional devices selectively operates said satellite radio of said functional devices. 18. The cane of claim 17, wherein said functional devices comprise a panic alarm; wherein said panic alarm of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said panic alarm of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said panic alarm of said functional devices is for providing an alarm when the user panics. 19. The cane of claim 18, wherein said functional devices comprise a panic-alarm-activating switch; wherein said panic-alarm-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said panic-alarm-activating switch of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said panic alarm of said functional devices; and wherein said panic-alarm-activating switch of said functional devices selectively operates said panic alarm of said functional devices. 20. The cane of claim 19, wherein said functional devices comprise biosensor readouts; wherein said biosensor readouts of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said biosensor readouts of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said biosensor readouts of said functional devices is for monitoring health of the user. 21. The cane of claim 20, wherein said functional devices comprise a biosensor-readout-activating switch; wherein said biosensor-readout-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said biosensor-readout-activating switch of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said biosensor readouts of said functional devices; and wherein said biosensor-readout-activating switch of said functional devices selectively operates said biosensor readouts of said functional devices. 22. The cane of claim 21, wherein said functional devices comprise traffic-signal shape and color sensor; wherein said traffic-signal shape and color sensor of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said traffic-signal shape and color sensor of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said traffic-signal shape and color sensor of said functional devices is for alerting a blind user of an upcoming traffic signal. 23. The cane of claim 22, wherein said functional devices comprise a traffic-signal-sensor-activating switch; wherein said traffic-signal-sensor-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said traffic-signal-sensor-activating switch of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said traffic-signal shape and color sensor of said functional devices; and wherein said traffic-signal-sensor-activating switch of said functional devices selectively operates said traffic-signal shape and color sensor of said functional devices. 24. The cane of claim 23, wherein said functional devices comprise a timepiece; wherein said timepiece of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said timepiece of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said timepiece of said functional devices is for providing time-of-day for the user. 25. The cane of claim 24, wherein said functional devices comprise a timepiece-activating switch; wherein said timepiece-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said timepiece-activating switch of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said timepiece of said functional devices; and wherein said timepiece-activating switch of said functional devices selectively operates said timepiece of said functional devices. 26. The cane of claim 25, wherein said functional devices comprise a PDA; wherein said PDA of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said PDA of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said PDA of said functional devices is for providing PDA use for the user. 27. The cane of claim 26, wherein said functional devices comprise a PDA-activating switch; wherein said PDA-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said PDA-activating switch of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said PDA of said functional devices; and wherein said PDA-activating switch of said functional devices selectively operates said PDA of said functional devices. 28. The cane of claim 27, wherein said functional devices comprise a pedometer; wherein said pedometer of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said pedometer of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said pedometer of said functional devices is for providing distance traveled by the user. 29. The cane of claim 28, wherein said functional devices comprise a pedometer-activating switch; wherein said pedometer-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said pedometer-activating switch of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said pedometer of said functional devices; and wherein said pedometer-activating switch of said functional devices selectively operates said pedometer of said functional devices. 30. The cane of claim 29, wherein said functional devices comprise an accelerometer; wherein said accelerometer of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said accelerometer of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said accelerometer of said functional devices is for providing acceleration of the user. 31. The cane of claim 30, wherein said functional devices comprise an accelerometer-activating switch; wherein said accelerometer-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said accelerometer-activating switch of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said accelerometer of said functional devices; and wherein said accelerometer-activating switch of said functional devices selectively operates said accelerometer of said functional devices. 32. The cane of claim 31, wherein said functional devices comprise a cell-phone; wherein said cell-phone of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said cell-phone of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said cell-phone of said functional devices is for providing cell-phone use for the user. 33. The cane of claim 32, wherein said functional devices comprise a cell-phone keypad; wherein said cell-phone keypad of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said cell-phone keypad of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said cell-phone of said functional devices; and wherein said cell-phone keypad of said functional devices selectively operates said cell-phone of said functional devices. 34. The cane of claim 33, wherein said functional devices comprise an audible message alert; wherein said audible message alert of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said audible message alert of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said audible message alert of said functional devices is for providing audible message alerts for the user. 35. The cane of claim 34, wherein said functional devices comprise a message-alert-activating switch; wherein said message-alert-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said message-alert-activating switch of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said audible message alert of said functional devices; and wherein said message-alert-activating switch of said functional devices selectively operates said audible message alert of said functional devices. 36. The cane of claim 35, wherein said functional devices comprise an audible stairs/road depression alert; wherein said audible stairs/road depression alert of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said audible stairs/road depression alert of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said audible stairs/road depression alert of said functional devices is for alerting a blind user of upcoming stairs or a road depression. 37. The cane of claim 36, wherein said functional devices comprise a stairs/road-depression-alert-activating switch; wherein said stairs/road-depression-alert-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said stairs/road-depression-alert-activating switch of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said stairs/road depression alert of said functional devices; and wherein said stairs/road-depression-alert-activating switch of said functional devices selectively operates said stairs/road depression alert of said functional devices. 38. The cane of claim 37, wherein said functional devices comprise a system tester; wherein said system tester of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said system tester of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said battery interface of said functional devices; and wherein said system tester of said functional devices is for testing said functional devices by the user. 39. The cane of claim 38, wherein said functional devices comprise a system tester-activating switch; wherein said system tester-activating switch of said functional devices is disposed on said cane body; wherein said system tester-activating switch of said functional devices is in electrical communication with said system tester of said functional devices; and wherein said system tester-activating switch of said functional devices selectively operates said system tester of said functional devices. 