A method, system and apparatus for early diagnosis and real time remote intervention of crop condition by correlating collected crop characteristics with known plant parameters, economic variables and algorithms to computer generate an irrigation decision, remotely execute the same and notify the end user.
Claims 1-33. (canceled) 34. A method for remote analysis and automated correction of a crop's water needs, comprising: (a) capturing at least one crop characteristic from at least one crop sensor, said crop sensor having capability to transmit the captured crop characteristic to a field base station; (b) transmitting the crop characteristic to the field base station; (c) transmitting the crop characteristic from the field base station to a processor, wherein said processor is programmed with: (1) known plant parameters, said plant parameters including values or formulas for calculating crop condition as correlated to levels of desired crop hydration, (2) one or more crop coefficients, and (3) at least one algorithm capable of generating an irrigation decision by correlating the crop characteristic with the known plant parameters and at least one crop coefficient; (d) generating an irrigation decision; (e) transmitting the irrigation decision to the field base station to execute at least one irrigation function. 35. The method of claim 34, wherein the method further comprises uploading one or more crop characteristics or irrigation decisions to a web host. 36. The method of claim 34, wherein the irrigation decision is also transmitted to an end user. 37. The method of claim 34, further comprising capturing a weather characteristic from the at least one crop sensor; transmitting the weather characteristic to the field base station; transmitting the weather characteristic from the field base station to a processor; and wherein the at least one algorithm additionally correlates the weather characteristic with the known plant parameters and the at least one crop coefficient to generate the irrigation decision. 38. The method of claim 34, wherein the crop characteristic is selected from the group consisting of: canopy temperature, leaf thickness, stem diameter, canopy color, and leaf wetness. 39. The method of claim 37, wherein the weather characteristic is selected from the group consisting of: rainfall, barometric pressure, ambient temperature, humidity, wind speed and solar radiation. 40. The method of claim 34, wherein the crop sensor transmits the crop characteristics to the field base station by radio signal. 41. The method of claim 34, wherein the crop coefficient is selected from the group consisting of: plant stress time, canopy temperature minus optimum temperature, sensor input, soil moisture content, cost of water, crop price, water allocation remaining, predicted future high temperatures, desired yield percentage, desired margin percentage, market conditions, weather forecast and cost of energy. 42. The method of claim 34, wherein the processor is additionally programmed with location or soil conditions. 43. The method of claim 34, wherein the irrigation decision is transmitted via a wired communications network. 44. The method of claim 34, wherein the irrigation decision is transmitted via a wireless communications network. 45. The method of claim 34, wherein the irrigation function is selected from the group consisting of: starting one or more irrigation wells, stopping one or more irrigation wells, opening one or more irrigation valves, closing one or more irrigation valves, changing application rates and changing application timings. 46. The method of claim 34, wherein the sensor is programmed to take readings at specified time intervals. 47. The method of claim 34, wherein the field base station is programmed to upload data to the central computer at specified time intervals. 48. The method of claim 34, wherein the at least one crop sensor comprises an infrared thermometer or dendrometer. 49. An agricultural irrigation controller, comprising: (a) at least one sensor suitable for capture and transmission of one or more crop characteristics; (b) a field base station capable of receiving data from the sensor; (c) a processor programmed with: (1) known plant parameters, said plant parameters including values and formulas for calculating crop condition as correlated to levels of desired crop hydration, (2) one or more coefficients, and (3) at least one algorithm that correlates the captured one or more crop characteristics with the known plant parameters and one or more crop coefficients to computer generate an irrigation decision; and (d) a transmitter suitable for transmitting the irrigation decision from the processor to the field base station for execution by initiation of at least one irrigation function or to an end user. 50. The agricultural irrigation control of claim 49, further comprising a web host for hosting the data or irrigation decision. 51. The irrigation controller of claim 49, wherein said crop characteristic is selected from the group consisting of: canopy temperature, leaf thickness, stem diameter, canopy color, and leaf wetness. 52. The irrigation controller of claim 49, wherein the at least one crop sensor is suitable to capture and transmit one or more weather characteristics. 53. The irrigation controller of claim 52, wherein the one or more weather characteristics are selected from the group consisting of: rainfall, barometric pressure, ambient temperature, humidity, wind speed and solar radiation. 54. The irrigation controller of claim 49, wherein the at least one crop sensor transmits the one or more crop characteristics to said field base station by radio signal. 55. The irrigation controller of claim 49, wherein said crop coefficient is selected from the group consisting of: plant stress time, canopy temperature minus optimum temperature, sensor input, soil moisture content, cost of water, crop price, water allocation remaining, predicted future high temperatures, desired yield percentage, desired margin percentage, market conditions, weather forecast and cost of energy. 56. The method of claim 49, wherein the processor is additionally programmed with location or soil conditions. 57. The irrigation controller of claim 49, wherein said irrigation decision is transmitted via a wired communications network. 58. The irrigation controller of claim 49, wherein said irrigation decision is transmitted via a wireless communications network. 59. The irrigation controller of claim 49, wherein the irrigation function is selected from the group consisting of: starting one or more irrigation wells, stopping one or more irrigation wells, opening one or more irrigation valves, closing one or more irrigation valves, changing application rates and changing application timing. 60. The method of claim 49, wherein the at least one crop sensor is programmed to take readings at specified time intervals. 61. The method of claim 49, wherein the field base station is programmed to upload data to the processor at specified time intervals. 62. The method of claim 49, wherein the at least one crop sensor comprises an infrared thermometer or dendrometer. 63. A hybrid method for controlling irrigation to an agricultural crop, said hybrid method comprising splitting an irrigation time interval on a controller into a timer mode and an automatic mode, wherein the timer mode is a timed on and off irrigation schedule controlled by remote access from internet connection, and wherein in the automatic mode a processor uses at least one algorithm to correlate at least one collected crop characteristic with stored known plant parameters and at least one crop coefficient to generate and automatically execute an irrigation decision. 64. The method of claim 63, wherein the collected crop characteristic is selected from a group consisting of: canopy temperature, leaf thickness, stem diameter, canopy color, and leaf wetness. 65. The method of claim 63, wherein the processor uses the at least one algorithm to additionally correlate a collected weather characteristic with the at least one collected crop characteristic, the stored known plant parameters and the at least one crop coefficient to generate and automatically execute the irrigation decision. 66. The method of claim 65, wherein the collected weather characteristic is selected from the group consisting of: rainfall, barometric pressure, ambient temperature, humidity, wind speed and solar radiation. 67. The method of claim 63, wherein the crop coefficient is selected from the group consisting of: plant stress time, canopy temperature minus optimum temperature, sensor input, soil moisture content, cost of water, crop price, water allocation remaining, predicted future high temperatures, desired yield percentage, desired margin percentage, market conditions, weather forecast and cost of energy. 68. A method to monitor or control irrigation, comprising: (a) recording a water pressure in an irrigation system with at least one first sensor; (b) recording the flow rate in the irrigation system with at least one second sensor; (c) transmitting the recorded water pressure and flow rate to a processor, wherein said processor is programmed with at least one algorithm capable of calculating a volume of output; (d) recording time; (e) calculating the volume of output; and (f) transmitting the volume of output to a field base station, web server or end user. 69. The method of claim 68, wherein the at least one algorithm additionally correlates the volume of output with a known parameter to generate an irrigation decision, and wherein said irrigation decision is transmitted to the field base station, web server or end user. 70. The method of claim 69, wherein the irrigation decision transmitted to the field base station initiates the execution of at least one irrigation function. 71. An agricultural irrigation monitoring system, comprising: (a) at least one sensor suitable to measure water pressure or flow rate in an irrigation system; (b) a processor programmed with at least one algorithm capable of calculating a volume of output; and (c) a transmitter suitable for transmitting the volume of output from the processor a field base station, web server or end user. 