A power-generating system is provided for operating adiabatically and reducing emissions of greenhouse gases contributing to global warming. The system may include gas reactors and/or combustors that burn a fuel and an oxygen-containing gas under substantially adiabatic conditions such that high-pressure combustion products and low pressure combustor housing cooling air are combined to produce a medium pressure working fluid. Higher thermal efficiencies reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. Products of combustion can be processed to further reduce emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases from portable and stationary exhaust-producing devices using different fuels. The system may also include solar collectors that pick up a spectrum of solar energy by means of cells containing fluids, aligned to concentrate the solar rays. The collectors may pick up direct and/or diffused solar radiation and can be used to power self-propelled vehicles or function as a roof of a building.
Claims 1. An adiabatic power generating system configured to promote reduction in production of greenhouse gases for slowing global warming, the system comprising: means for forming a primary fluid at a first range of elevated temperature and pressure; means for forming a secondary fluid at a second range of temperature and pressure, less than the first range; and a substantially thermally insulated mixing and expansion device in fluid communication with the means for forming the primary and secondary fluids, the thermally insulated mixing and expansion device being configured to expand the primary or secondary fluid and to mix the primary and secondary fluids to form an admixture of fluids as a working fluid having a third range of temperature and pressure, between the first and second ranges. 2. The adiabatic power-generating system of claim 1 wherein the means for forming the primary or secondary fluids comprise at least one of a combustor, at least one reactor, a solar-powered system, and a wind-powered system. 3. The adiabatic power-generating system of claim 2 wherein the means for forming the primary or secondary fluids comprise the solar-powered system, and the solar-powered system comprises: a solar ray collector having a plurality of cells configured to follow a position of a solar source to concentrate solar rays into high-energy beams; a solar energy receiver tank; and heat exchange band having at least a first end in thermal communication with the cells for forming the secondary fluid and in fluid communication with the solar energy receiver tank for storing or delivering the secondary fluid to the mixing and expanding device. 4. The adiabatic power-generating system of claim 3 wherein the solar-powered system further comprises: at least one pressure tank having a heat exchange element and being in fluid communication with the heat exchange band for forming and delivering at least one of the primary fluid and the secondary fluid to the mixing and expanding device. 5. The adiabatic power-generating system of claim 3, further comprising: a refractive fluid routing system having a refractive fluid storage device and means for routing a refractive fluid to and from at least some of the plurality of cells; a thermal fluid routing system having a thermal fluid storage device and means for routing the thermal fluid to and from at least some of the plurality of cells; and a concentrator lens configured to further concentrate solar rays into high-energy beams. 6. The adiabatic power-generating system of claim 2 wherein the means for forming the primary or secondary fluids comprises the wind-powered system, and the wind-powered system comprises: a wind turbine having at least two blades automatically feathered for unloading a propeller shaft; an unloading type compressing device powered by the wind turbine configured to form the secondary fluid; and a receiver tank in fluid communication with the compressing device and configured to deliver the secondary fluid to the mixing and expanding device. 7. The adiabatic power-generating system of claim 2 wherein the means for forming the primary fluid comprises: a plurality of reactors having a common first housing; and a combusting device having a second housing, wherein the system further comprises means for supplying a cooling fluid to the first and second housings, the cooling fluid having a fourth range of temperature and pressure less than the second range of temperature and pressure, the cooling fluid being in thermal communication with the reactors and combustor as it travels through the housing for extracting heat produced thereby and raising the temperature and pressure of the cooling fluid to the second range for forming the secondary fluid for delivery to the mixing and expanding device, whereby heat losses from the adiabatic power-generating system are minimized for operating at least substantially adiabatically. 8. The adiabatic power-generating system of claim 7 wherein the means for supplying the cooling fluid comprises at least one of a wind-powered system and a solar-powered system. 9. The adiabatic power-generating system of claim 7, further comprising a chemical reagent storage and delivery device positioned downstream from the plurality of reactors and combusting device and in fluid communication with an exhaust portion of the adiabatic power-generating system to supply a chemical for reacting with exhaust fluids, including at least one greenhouse gas, formed by the processing of fluids in the plurality of reactors and combusting device, with the chemical for reducing emissions of greenhouse gases. 10. The adiabatic power-generating system of claim 1, further comprising: means for supplying the working fluid to a work-producing device by expansion of the working fluid. 11. The adiabatic power-generating system of claim 10, wherein the means for supplying the working fluid comprises: a storage device for storing and distributing the working fluid; means for providing a modulated flow of the working fluid in fluid communication with the storage device; a power turbine configured to receive the modulated flow; and at least one electrical generator in fluid communication with the power turbine to receive the modulated flow and produce electrical power. 12. The adiabatic power-generating system of claim 10 wherein the means for supplying the working fluid comprises: a double-acting free piston apparatus in fluid communication with the mixing and expanding device and configured to expand the working fluid or an effluent thereof to a sub-atmospheric pressure to form cooled air for use in a cooling application. 13. The adiabatic power-generating system of claim 1, further comprising: a network of at least storage device in fluid communication with a network of distribution channels and with the means for forming the primary or secondary fluids, or a mixture thereof, for storing and distributing the primary or secondary fluids, or a mixture thereof, as working fluid. 14. The adiabatic power-generating system of claim 1 wherein the mixing and expanding device comprises a double acting free piston apparatus configured to concurrently receive the primary and secondary fluids toward opposing sides of the of a cylindrical housing of the double acting free piston apparatus for partial expansion of at least one of the primary and secondary fluids and mixing of the primary and the secondary fluids to produce the working fluid. 15. The adiabatic power-generating system of claim 1, further comprising: a reaction chamber configured to receive at least a portion of exhaust fluids emitted from the power-generating system; and a mixing device configured to mix a liquid and an alkaline reagent to form an atomized solution, the mixing device being in fluid communication with the reaction chamber to supply the atomized solution thereto, the reaction chamber reacting the exhaust fluid and the atomized solution for reducing greenhouse gases including carbon dioxide. 16. The adiabatic power-generating system of claim 1 wherein the means for forming the primary fluid comprises a constant volume tank and at least one heating device, the constant volume tank being configured to thermally compress a fluid for cooling the fluid to an ambient temperature, and the heating device being configured to heat the fluid to a desired primary fluid temperature. 17. A solar-powered system for preparing a working fluid for use with a work producing device or for preparing a primary or secondary fluid for making the working fluid, the solar-powered system comprising: a solar ray collector having a plurality of cells configured to follow a position of a solar source to concentrate solar rays into high-energy beams; a receiver tank; a heat exchange band in fluid communication with the cells for forming the secondary fluid, the heat exchange band being in fluid communication with the receiver tank for storing or delivering the secondary fluid for use as the working fluid or for making the working fluid; and at least one pressure tank having a heat exchange element and being in fluid communication with the heat exchange band for forming and delivering the primary fluid for use as the working fluid or for making the working fluid. 18. The solar-powered system of claim 17, further comprising: a support structure having an arcuate platform and a weather protection cover configured to support the solar ray collector and allow a movement of the solar ray collector along the arcuate platform. 19. The solar-powered system of claim 18 wherein the structure includes a building or a transportation apparatus having operating devices for powering the building or the transportation apparatus, the operating devices being in fluid communication with the at least one pressure tank for receiving the working fluid and producing work to operate the building or transportation apparatus, respectively. 20. The solar-powered system of claim 17 wherein the pressure tank is thermally insulated, the pressure tank being configured with a thermal mass in liquid or solid state to collect and store energy received from the heat exchange band. 21. The solar-powered system of claim 17, further comprising: a transparent or translucent opening positioned between the solar ray collector and the heat exchange band for allowing the concentrated solar rays to pass through the opening toward the heat exchange band. 22. The solar-powered system of claim 21 wherein the opening is sealed for at least low-pressures. 23. The solar-powered system of claim 17, further comprising: a motion assembly configured to move the solar ray collector; a sensor in electronic communication with the motion assembly, the sensor being configured to monitor a movement of the solar source and communicate the movement of the solar source to the motion assembly for synchronizing the movement of the solar ray collector with the movement of the solar source. 24. The solar-powered system of claim 17, further comprising: an umbilical cord in fluid communication with at least one of the receiver tank and the pressure tank for delivering at least one of the primary, secondary, and working fluids for use with a transportation apparatus. 25. The solar-powered system of claim 24, further comprising: a lift mechanism for levitating the solar-powered system at an altitude above sea level. 26. The solar-powered system of claim 25 wherein the lift mechanism comprises at least one of at least one gas-filled structure comprising a gas lighter than air, at least one pressure-producing nozzle, a hot air backup lift system, and at least one airfoil structure. 27. The solar-powered system of claim 17, further comprising: an evacuated transparent space positioned between the solar source and the collector, proximate the collector, for insulation. 28. The solar-powered system of claim 17 wherein at least some of the cells are filled with a thermal material configured to form radiant heating and cooling panels. 29. The solar-powered system of claim 17, wherein the solar ray collector is positioned on an aircraft for gathering solar energy at high altitudes and forming and delivering the primary fluid to a ground-based power generating system. 30. A method of minimizing emission of greenhouse gases from an exhaust fluid of a power-generating system and slowing global warming, the method comprising: reacting at least a portion of the exhaust fluid including carbon dioxide and sulfur dioxide with an alkaline reagent to produce a solid particulate; and separating and disposing of the solid particulate, thereby reducing the emissions of greenhouse gases including carbon dioxide from the exhaust fluid. 31. The method of claim 30, further comprising: treating at least another portion of the exhaust fluid including carbon dioxide with pulverized coal and superheated steam to yield a gas and a fuel, the gas comprising carbon monoxide and hydrogen and having a heating value, the fuel comprising volatile organic components comprising methane and ethane; and recycling the fuel into the power-producing system. 32. A system for minimizing greenhouse gases from an exhaust fluid of a power-producing system and slowing global warming, comprising: a reaction chamber configured to receive at least a portion of the exhaust fluid; and a mixing device configured to mix a liquid and an alkaline reagent to form an atomized solution, the mixing device being in fluid communication with the reaction chamber to supply the atomized solution thereto, the reaction chamber reacting the exhaust fluid and the atomized solution for reducing greenhouse gases including carbon dioxide. 33. The system of claim 32, further comprising: a carbon dioxide conversion chamber configured to receive at least a portion of the exhaust fluid; a high temperature heating device configured to produce superheated steam and deliver the steam to the carbon dioxide conversion chamber for treating the exhaust fluid with the steam; and a coal pulverizing mechanism configured to pulverize coal and deliver the pulverized coal to the carbon dioxide conversion chamber for treating the exhaust fluid with pulverized coal. 34. A solar-powered system for receiving and storing solar energy, the solar-powered system comprising: a solar ray collector configured to concentrate solar rays into high-energy beams; a receiver tank in thermal communication with the solar ray collector and configured to receive and store energy; and means for substantially adiabatically transferring and storing the energy in the receiver tank. 35. The solar-powered system of claim 34 wherein the means for substantially adiabatically transferring and storing the energy includes a heat transfer fluid system configured to transfer solar heat gain from the solar ray collector to the receiver tank. 36. The solar-powered system of claim 34 wherein the means for substantially adiabatically transferring and storing the energy includes at least one high-temperature insulating material configured to increase the thermal mass of the receiver tank. 37. The solar-powered system of claim 34 wherein the solar ray collector or the receiver tank are respectively positioned for maximum solar gain at an altitude of at least 100 feet above sea level and the system further includes means for transferring the collected or stored energy to a land-based receiving station. 38. The solar-powered system of claim 34, further comprising: a cooling device; and means for routing a fluid; wherein at least one of the high-energy beams and the stored energy in the receiver tank constitute a high-temperature source, the high-temperature source being configured to heat the fluid when the fluid is routed proximate the high-temperature source, and the cooling device is configured to cool the fluid when the fluid is routed proximate the cooling device, the high-temperature source being spaced from the cooling device. 39. The solar-powered system of claim 38, further comprising: means for increasing a pressure of the fluid in fluid communication with the cooling device. 