A recreational vehicle user interface (RVUI) system/method that allows centralized control and monitoring of electrical/environmental subsystems within the context of a recreational vehicle is disclosed. The system/method permits monitoring of a wide variety of electrical/environmental subsystems in this context, including but not limited to battery temperatures, battery voltages, overall system voltages, battery disconnect relays, vent fans, solar panels, cabin temperatures, battery temperature alarms, power converter modules, temperature sensitive power converters, load management controllers, AC distribution controllers, transfer switches, AC/generator inputs, storage tank levels, pumps, and other electrical loads. The system/method may be optionally configured to wirelessly communicate with a mobile device using a variety of customizable mobile user interface applications, and/or be configured to support a universal control/sensor motherboard that mates to a customizable user interface daughterboard with associated custom display/control indicia bezel/panel or integrated touch screen display/control.
Claims 1. A recreational vehicle user interface (RVUI) system comprising: (a) universal control/sensor motherboard (UCSM); (b) customizable user interface daughterboard (CUID); and (c) custom indicia bezel/panel (CIBP); wherein said UCSM is configured to accept electrical inputs from and distribute electrical outputs to electrical controls and environmental sensors within a plethora of recreational vehicle electrical/environmental subsystems (RVEES); said UCSM is configured to electrically communicate with said CUID to send status information regarding said RVEES to said CUID; said UCSM is configured to electrically communicate with said CUID to accept command inputs from said CUID for configuration of said RVEES; said CUID comprises a status display that presents said status information to a user; said CUID comprises a control input configured to provide said command inputs; said CIBP is configured to cover the PCB of said CUID; said CIBP is configured to present custom legends and indicia proximal to said status display; and said CIBP is configured to present custom legends and indicia proximal to said control input. 2. The RVUI system of claim 1 wherein said RVEES is selected from a group consisting of: battery temperature, battery voltage, overall system voltage, battery disconnect relay, vent fan, solar panel, cabin temperature, temperature alarm, power converter module, temperature sensitive power converter, PARALLAX POWER SUPPLY, load management controller, AC distribution controller, transfer switch, AC/generator input, storage tank sensor, pump motor, 12V electrical load, and 24V electrical load. 3. The RVUI system of claim 1 wherein said status display comprises an indicator selected from a group consisting of: battery voltage bar graph; battery low voltage alarm display; battery high voltage alarm display; battery voltage digital display; battery temperature bar graph; battery low temperature alarm display; battery high temperature alarm display; battery voltage digital display; storage tank level bar graph; storage tank low level alarm display; storage tank high level alarm display; storage tank level digital display. 4. The RVUI system of claim 1 wherein said status display and said control input comprise a touch screen display/control. 5. The RVUI system of claim 1 wherein said CUID comprises an alarm indicator selected from a group consisting of: visual alarm; audible alarm; audible alarm that is enabled in response to activation of the status display. 6. The RVUI system of claim 1 wherein said UCSM comprises a printed circuit board (PCB) further comprising an Expansion Module Landing Array (EMLA). 7. The RVUI system of claim 1 wherein said UCSM comprises: wireless communication interface (WCI); wherein said WCI is configured to interact with a mobile communication device (MCD) via wireless communication; said MCD executes application software read from a computer readable medium; said application software is configured to present a graphical user interface (GUI) on said MCD; said GUI is configured to permit a user to receive RVEES status from said UCSM; and said GUI is configured to permit a user to direct RVEES operation of said UCSM. 8. The RVUI system of claim 7 wherein said WCI comprises a wireless interface selected from a group consisting of: BLUETOOTH.RTM. wireless communication interface; and WiFi wireless communication interface. 9. The RVUI system of claim 7 wherein said MCD comprises a device selected from a group consisting of: laptop computer; tablet computer; cellphone; mobile phone; and smartphone. 10. The RVUI system of claim 7 wherein said application software is configured to interrogate said UCSM and reconfigure said GUI based on the configuration status of said CUID. 11. A method for integrating the monitoring and control of a plethora of recreational vehicle electrical/environmental subsystems (RVEES) under control of a recreational vehicle user interface (RVUI) system, said system comprising: (a) universal control/sensor motherboard (UCSM); (b) customizable user interface daughterboard (CUID); and (c) custom indicia bezel/panel (CIBP); wherein said UCSM is configured to accept electrical inputs from and distribute electrical outputs to electrical controls and environmental sensors within a plethora of recreational vehicle electrical/environmental subsystems (RVEES); said UCSM is configured to electrically communicate with said CUID to send status information regarding said RVEES to said CUID; said UCSM is configured to electrically communicate with said CUID to accept command inputs from said CUID for configuration of said RVEES; said CUID comprises a status display that presents said status information to a user; said CUID comprises a control input configured to provide said command inputs; said CIBP is configured to cover the PCB of said CUID; said CIBP is configured to present custom legends and indicia proximal to said status display; and said CIBP is configured to present custom legends and indicia proximal to said control input; wherein said method comprises the steps of: (1) electrically interconnecting said electrical inputs of said UCSM to monitoring nodes within the electrical system of said RVEES; (2) electrically interconnecting said electrical outputs of said UCSM to control nodes within the electrical system of said RVEES; (3) configuring said CUID to provide a customized user hardware interface to said UCSM consistent with said interconnections in said step (1) and said step (2); (4) configuring said CIBP with legends and indicia to conform to said CUID customized user hardware interface; (5) relaying status information from said RVEES to said UCSM for presentation on said CUID status display as presented by said CIBP to a user; and (6) relaying control inputs from said CUID to said UCSM for transmission to said RVEES to control RVEES functions defined by the user interface presented on said CIBP. 12. The RVUI method of claim 11 wherein said RVEES is selected from a group consisting of: battery temperature, battery voltage, overall system voltage, battery disconnect relay, vent fan, solar panel, cabin temperature, temperature alarm, power converter module, temperature sensitive power converter, PARALLAX POWER SUPPLY, load management controller, AC distribution controller, transfer switch, AC/generator input, storage tank sensor, pump motor, 12V electrical load, and 24V electrical load. 13. The RVUI method of claim 11 wherein said status display comprises an indicator selected from a group consisting of: battery voltage bar graph; battery low voltage alarm display; battery high voltage alarm display; battery voltage digital display; battery temperature bar graph; battery low temperature alarm display; battery high temperature alarm display; battery voltage digital display; storage tank level bar graph; storage tank low level alarm display; storage tank high level alarm display; storage tank level digital display. 14. The RVUI method of claim 11 wherein said status display and said control input comprise a touch screen display/control. 15. The RVUI method of claim 11 wherein said CUID comprises an alarm indicator selected from a group consisting of: visual alarm; audible alarm; audible alarm that is enabled in response to activation of the status display. 16. The RVUI method of claim 11 wherein said UCSM comprises a printed circuit board (PCB) further comprising an Expansion Module Landing Array (EMLA). 17. The RVUI method of claim 11 wherein said UCSM comprises: wireless communication interface (WCI); wherein said WCI is configured to interact with a mobile communication device (MCD) via wireless communication; said MCD executes application software read from a computer readable medium; said application software is configured to present a graphical user interface (GUI) on said MCD; said GUI is configured to permit a user to receive RVEES status from said UCSM; and said GUI is configured to permit a user to direct RVEES operation of said UCSM. 18. The RVUI method of claim 17 wherein said WCI comprises a wireless interface selected from a group consisting of: BLUETOOTH.RTM. wireless communication interface; and WiFi wireless communication interface. 19. The RVUI method of claim 18 wherein said MCD comprises a device selected from a group consisting of: laptop computer; tablet computer; cellphone; mobile phone; and smartphone. 20. The RVUI method of claim 19 wherein said application software is configured to interrogate said UCSM and reconfigure said GUI based on the configuration status of said CUID. 21. A method for monitoring and control of battery charging within a recreational vehicle electrical/environmental subsystem (RVEES) comprising: (1) determining if a cycle delay has elapsed, and if not, proceeding to step (1); (2) incrementing a counter value; (3) determining if said counter value is equal to a preset count parameter C2, and if not, proceeding to step (5); (4) disconnecting said battery from a battery charger and proceeding to step (1); (5) determining if battery storage mode is enabled, and if not, proceeding to step (7); (6) determining if said counter value is equal to a preset count parameter C8, and if so, proceeding to step (8), otherwise proceeding to step (4); (7) determining if said counter value is equal to a preset count parameter C6, and if not, proceeding to step (12); (8) determining if said battery voltage is greater than a predetermined upper voltage VH, and if so, proceeding to step (1); (9) determining if said battery voltage is greater than a predetermined lower voltage VL, and if not, proceeding to step (11); (10) enabling battery boost charging; (11) connecting said battery to said charger and proceeding to step (1); (12) determining if said counter value is equal to a preset count parameter C9, and if not, proceeding to step (1); and (13) resetting said counter value to zero and proceeding to step (1). 22. The method of claim 21 wherein said count parameter C2 has a value of approximately 2; said count parameter C6 has a value of approximately 6; said count parameter C8 has a value of approximately 8; and said count parameter C9 has a value of approximately 9. 23. The method of claim 21 wherein said voltage VL has a value of approximately 12.5V. 24. The method of claim 21 wherein said voltage VH has a value of approximately 12.7V. 25. A method for monitoring and control of battery charging within a recreational vehicle electrical/environmental subsystem (RVEES) comprising: (1) determining if a battery charge converter and associated load system are both active, and if not, proceed to step (1); (2) continuously monitoring said converter voltage and if said converter voltage falls below an upper threshold VH and said battery voltage is greater than a lower threshold VL, then connecting said battery to said battery charge converter regardless of any other state; (3) waiting a first time period T1; (4) disconnecting said battery from said charge converter; (5) waiting a time period T2; (6) waiting a time period T3; (7) measuring said battery voltage; (8) determining if said measured battery voltage indicates a charge mode is necessary, and if so, proceeding to step (10); (9) connecting said battery to said converter system and adjusting said converter voltage to the proper battery charging stage based on said measured battery voltage; and (10) disconnecting said battery from said converter and proceed to step (6). 26. The method of claim 25 wherein said lower threshold has a value of approximately 12.3V. 27. The method of claim 25 wherein said upper threshold has a value of approximately 13.0V. 28. The method of claim 25 wherein said time period T1 has a value of approximately 0.5 hour. 29. The method of claim 25 wherein said time period T2 has a value of approximately 1.5 hour. 30. The method of claim 25 wherein said time period T3 has a value of approximately 0.25 hour. 