The embodiments shown and described herein relate to a portable clean power generation and aggregation system. The system comprises a plurality of power generation units operable to generate DC electrical power, a power storage device, an inverter unit, and a main controller. The plurality of power generation units may include a solar power generation unit, a wind power generation unit, a hydro power generation unit, and a fuel-based power generation unit. The main controller is electrically coupled to the plurality of power generation units, the inverter controller, and the power storage device, and monitors DC electrical power generation by the plurality of power generation units, monitors DC electrical power received by the inverter, measures charge of the power storage device, and directs DC electrical power from the power storage device to the inverter. The nature of the system and its applications allows the effective use of wireless communications systems and the like where they would otherwise not be possible.
Claims 1. A portable clean power generation and aggregation system, the system comprising: a plurality of power generation units operable to generate DC electrical power, further comprising a solar power generation unit, comprising a solar power generator, a solar power generator controller, and a current and voltage sensor; a wind power generation unit, comprising a wind power generator, a wind power generator controller, and a current and voltage sensor; a hydro power generation unit, comprising a hydro power generator, a hydro power generator controller, and a current and voltage sensor; a fuel-based power generation unit, comprising a fuel-based power generator, a fuel-based power generator controller, and a current and voltage sensor; a power storage device electrically coupled to the plurality of power generation units and capable of storing DC electrical power generated by the plurality of power generation units; an inverter unit, comprising an inverter and an inverter controller, wherein the inverter unit is electrically coupled to the plurality of power generation units and the power storage device and wherein the inverter converts DC electrical power into AC electrical power; and a main controller, wherein the main controller is electrically coupled to the plurality of power generation units, the inverter controller, and the power storage device, whereby the main controller can monitor DC electrical power generation by the plurality of power generation units, can monitor DC electrical power received by the inverter, can measure charge of the power storage device and direct DC electrical power from the power storage device to the inverter, and can send electronic signals to selectively activate one or more of the plurality of power generation units, and whereby DC electrical power generated by the plurality of power generation units is aggregated between the plurality of power generation units and the inverter unit. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising a DC current surge protector electrically coupled to the plurality of power generation units, the power storage device, and the inverter. 3. The system of claim 1, further comprising a DC current breaker electrically coupled to the plurality of power generation units, the power storage device, and the inverter. 4. The system of claim 1, further comprising an AC current breaker electrically coupled to the inverter. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising a local display electrically coupled to the main controller. 6. The system of claim 1, further comprising a remote management mechanism coupled to the main controller. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the remote management mechanism comprises wireless telecommunications. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the system is electrically coupled to a local network. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the system is electrically coupled to a distribution grid. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the distribution grid is a public power grid. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the inverter comprises an off-the-grid inverter. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the inverter comprises a grid tie-in inverter. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the wind power generator is a wind turbine. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the wind turbine is a vertically-oriented wind turbine. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein the hydro power generator comprises a turbine. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the turbine is a helical turbine. 17. The system of claim 15, wherein the turbine is a vertically-oriented turbine. 18. The system of claim 15, wherein the turbine is a horizontally-oriented turbine. 19. The system of claim 1, wherein the hydro power generator is suspended by a buoy. 20. The system of claim 1, wherein the fuel-based power generator comprises a natural gas power generator. 21. The system of claim 1, wherein the power storage device is a battery pack. 22. The system of claim 21, wherein the battery pack comprises multiple batteries. 23. The system of claim 1, wherein the portable clean power generation and aggregation system is capable of being transported in a 16-foot or shorter trailer. 24. The system of claim 1, wherein the system is capable of being electrically coupled to a second portable clean power generation and aggregation system such that the system and the second portable clean power generation and aggregation system operate in parallel. 25. The system of claim 24, further comprising a connector which is capable of electrically coupling the system to the second portable clean power generation and aggregation system. 26. The system of claim 1, wherein the system is capable of providing a wireless signal to transmit information to a portable wireless device. 