A device, a system, or a method is described for treating a disease or a condition of one or more joints of articulating bone in a mammalian subject. The device provides one or more medicaments to one or more joints of the mammalian subject. A device is described that includes one or more substrates configured to contact one or more body contours in proximity to one or more joints of articulating bone of a mammalian subject; one or more sensors configured to detect one or more physiological conditions of the one or more joints; and one or more microjet applicators supported by the one or more substrates and configured to respond to the one or more sensors by injecting one or more medicaments to the one or more joint tissues of the mammalian subject.
Claims 1. A device comprising: one or more substrates configured to contact one or more body contours in proximity to one or more joints of articulating bone of a mammalian subject; one or more sensors configured to detect one or more physiological conditions of the one or more joints; and one or more microjet applicators supported by the one or more substrates and configured to respond to the one or more sensors by injecting one or more medicaments to the one or more joint tissues of the mammalian subject. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the one or more substrates includes one or more patches or one or more sheaths. 3. The device of claim 2, wherein the sheath includes a sleeve-shaped article of clothing or a sleeve-shaped body covering. 4. The device of claim 3, wherein the one or more sheaths includes shirt sleeve, pant, leg covering, glove, stocking, bandage-like covering, brace, knee brace, elbow brace, ankle brace, foot brace, hand brace, or spinal brace. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein the one or more substrates is attached to the one or more body contours by glue, suction, suture, or hook. 6. The device of claim 1, wherein the one or more applicators include one or more high speed microjets. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein the one or more applicators include a fluid displacement actuator configured as one or more piezoelectric actuators, one or more springs, one or more solenoids, one or more magnets, one or more motors, or one or more compressed gas actuators. 8. The device of claim 6, wherein the high speed microjets are nanoliter-volume pulsed microjets. 9. The device of claim 1, wherein the one or more joint tissues includes one or more of a fibrous capsule, subsynovium, synovial membrane, synovium, joint cavity, synovial fluid, articular cartilage, subchondral bone, or ligament. 10. The device of claim 1, wherein the one or more joints includes a synovial joint, cartilaginous joint, or fibrous joint. 11. The device of claim 1, wherein the one or more applicators supported by the one or more substrates are configured to respond to the one or more sensors, wherein the one or more applicators are configured to inject the one or more medicaments to the one or more joint tissues of the mammalian subject. 12. The device of claim 1, further including one or more sensors configured to detect movement of the one or more body contours. 13. The device of claim 12, wherein the one or more sensors are configured to monitor joint movement, body movement, or gait of the mammalian subject. 14. The device of claim 12, wherein the one or more sensors are configured to monitor posture of the mammalian subject. 15. The device of claim 12, wherein the one or more sensors are configured to monitor frequency of joint use or level of effort used by the one or more joints. 16. The device of claim 15, wherein level of effort used by the one or more joints includes measured effort or inferred effort. 17. The device of claim 12, wherein the one or more sensors are configured to monitor a preselected set of activity profiles. 18. The device of claim 1, wherein the one or more sensors are configured to detect tissue swelling, tissue pressure, tissue color, tissue temperature, environmental temperature, electrical property of tissue, optical property of tissue, perspiration, or presence of an analyte. 19. The device of claim 18, wherein the analyte includes an inflammatory marker, antibody, or cytokine. 20. The device of claim 1, further including one or more sensors configured to determine quality of location or quality of contact placement of the one or more sheaths on the one or more body contours. 21. The device of claim 1, further including a controller configured to control release of the one or more medicaments from the one or more applicators. 22. The device of claim 21, wherein the controller is configured to control a timed-release dosage of the one or more medicaments. 23. The device of claim 21, wherein the controller is configured to report quantity and frequency of dosage of the one or more medicaments. 24. The device of claim 21, wherein the controller is configured to control a maximum dosage of the one or more medicaments for a time period. 25. The device of claim 21, wherein the controller is configured to activate the one or more applicators based at least in part on an activity history of the mammalian subject. 26. The device of claim 25, wherein the activity history includes joint movement or gait of the mammalian subject. 27. The device of claim 25, wherein the activity history includes frequency of use of the one or more joints, measured effort level of the one or more joints, inferred effort level of the one or more joints, or a preselected activity profile. 28. The device of claim 21, wherein the controller is configured to respond to the one or more sensors. 29. The device of claim 28, wherein the one or more sensors are configured to detect one or more conditions at one or more of the one or more joints and the controller is configured to control release of the one or more medicaments at others of the one or more joints of the mammalian subject. 30. The device of claim 28, wherein the one or more sensors are configured to detect one or more physiological conditions of the mammalian subject. 31. The device of claim 28, wherein the one or more sensors are configured to detect movement of the one or more body contours. 32. The device of claim 1, further including a power source. 33. The device of claim 30, wherein the power source includes a motion-activated generator, solar cell, fuel cell, wireless source, battery or microbattery. 34. The device of claim 30, wherein the power source is powered by motion of the body of the mammalian subject. 35. The device of claim 1, wherein the one or more applicators further include tissue permeabilization components including one or more of electronics, ultrasonics, chemical permeation enhancer, iontophoresis, microdialysis, ultrafiltration, electromagnetic, electroosmosis, sonophoresis, microdialysis, suction, electroporation, thermal poration, microporation, heating component, or laser. 36. (canceled) 37. The device of claim 2, wherein the one or more sheaths includes a tourniquet configured to apply intermittent pressure in the region of the jointed area. 38. The device of claim 37, wherein the tourniquet is configured to apply a constricting force thereby causing the one or more applicators to penetrate the stratum corneum of the skin of the mammalian subject. 39. The device of claim 5, further including a component for transient mechanical/electrical acceleration of the one or more medicaments from the high speed microjets. 40. The device of claim 39, wherein the component for transient mechanical/electrical acceleration includes a fluid displacement actuator configured as one or more piezoelectric actuators, one or more springs, one or more solenoids, one or more magnets, one or more motors, or one or more compressed gas actuators. 41. The device of claim 39, wherein the component for mechanical/electrical acceleration applies concentration gradients of the one or more medicaments in a time-dependent manner. 42. The device of claim 1, wherein the one or more medicaments includes steroids, corticosteroids, analgesics, COX-2 inhibitors, or NSAID. 43. (canceled) 44. The device of claim 1, further including a pharmaceutical composition including the one or more medicaments in a thixotropic medium. 45. The device of claim 1, further including one or more microneedles, one or more microfine lances, one or more microfine cannulas, one or more microprojections, or one or more electrodes, supported by the one or more sheaths and configured to inject the one or more medicaments to the one or more joint tissues of the mammalian subject. 46. The device of claim 45, wherein the one or more applicators includes electrodes on microprojections configured to apply electrical energy to skin of the mammalian subject. 47. The device of claim 46, wherein the electrodes on microprojections provide ablation of stratum corneum in an area beneath the electrodes thereby generating a plurality of hydrophilic microchannels in the skin of the mammalian subject. 48. The device of claim 1, wherein the one or more applicators are configured to apply the one or more medicaments in a time-dependent manner. 49. The device of claim 48, wherein the one or more applicators are configured to apply the one or more medicaments in concentration gradients in the time-dependent manner. 50. The device of claim 49, wherein the one or more medicaments is configured to have a short effective half-life. 51. The device of claim 49, wherein the one or more medicaments is configured to have a long effective half-life. 52-87. (canceled) 88. A system comprising: at least one apparatus including, one or more substrates configured to contact one or more body contours in proximity to one or more joints of articulating bone of a mammalian subject; one or more sensors configured to detect one or more physiological conditions of the one or more joints; and one or more microjet applicators supported by the one or more substrates and configured to respond to the one or more sensors by injecting one or more medicaments to the one or more joint tissues of the mammalian subject. 89-98. (canceled) 99. The system of claim 88, further including one or more sensors configured to detect movement of the one or more body contours. 100-107. (canceled) 108. The system of claim 88, further including a controller configured to control release of the one or more medicaments from the one or more applicators. 109-139. (canceled) 