This patent discloses a system and method of producing nanostructured carbon and carbon monoxide-free hydrogen through the decomposition of hydrocarbons in a spouted bed reactor. The process is precisely controlled in such a way that the carbon particles generated in reaction has a unique nanostructure so their surfaces can act as catalytic sites for the decomposition of hydrocarbons. The process produces hydrogen stream containing no carbon monoxide, and The CO-free hydrogen is ideal fuel for fuel cells (especially the PEM) and many industrial chemical syntheses. The generated nanostructured carbon can be used as catalyst for the processing of hydrocarbons such as hydrogenation, dehydrogenation and partial oxidation of hydrocarbon chemicals. In addition, the nanostructured carbon produced can be used as electrode material for electrochemical energy conversation and storage and industrial electrochemical processes, fuel for the direct carbon fuel cell, and fillers of medical implants and components.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for manufacturing nanostructured carbon from hydrocarbons, the method comprising the steps of: decomposing hydrocarbons thermally using a first carbon particles as substrates and catalyst in a reactor; separating a solid phase carbon from a gas phase; recovering a hydrogen-containing gas from the reactor; and withdrawing a second carbon particles from the reactor 2. The method as in claim 1, wherein the first carbon particles are nanostructured carbon particles. 3. The method as in claim 1, wherein the first carbon particles are in the range of 0.1 to 2 mm. 4. The method as in claim 1, wherein the first carbon particles are in the range of 0.3 to 0.5 mm. 5. The method as in claim 1, wherein the second carbon particles are nanostructured carbon particles. 6. The method as in claim 1, wherein the second carbon particles are in the range of 0.1 to 5 mm. 7. The method as in claim 1, wherein the hydrogen-containing gas is free from carbon oxide. 8. The method as in claim 1, wherein the second carbon particles have the purity of at least 95%. 9. The method as in claim 1, wherein the reactor is at a temperature of from approximately 1000.degree. C. to approximately 2800.degree. C. 10. The method as in claim 1, where in the reactor has a pressure range of approximately 0.1 to approximately 2000 psi. 11. The method as in claim 1, further comprising the steps of: grinding certain amount of the second carbon particles: and reintroducing into the reactor to balance the total bed surface area. 12. System for manufacturing nanostructured carbon according to claim 1, the system comprising: a spouted bed reactor chamber; a heating system a thermal insulation system; a chemical introducing system; a gas and solid separation system; a gas analysis system; a plurality of introducing ports a particle feeding system; a particle withdrawing system; and an internal grinding system. a preheating and heat recovery system a monitor system for the structure of carbon particles. 13. The system as in claim 12, wherein the heating system is chosen from the group comprising: electrical resistive heating; RF inducting heating; microwave heating; thermal plasma heating; combustion heating by a self-heating using hydrogen, un-reacted hydrocarbon, carbon particles, or other fuels; solar energy; and nuclear energy heating. 14. A composition of nanostructured carbon, characterized in that comprising: a density from 1.7 g/cc to 2.3 g/cc; a lattice spacing from 2.37 A to 2.8 A; a crystalline size from 10 A to 200 A; and 15. The composition of nanostructured carbon as in claim 14, wherein the nanostructured carbon is for use as catalyst in hydrocarbon reactions. 16. The composition of nanostructured carbon as in claim 15, wherein the hydrocarbon reaction is decomposition of hydrocarbons. 17. The composition of nanostructured carbon as in claim 15, wherein the hydrocarbon reaction is partial oxidation of hydrocarbons. 18. The composition of nanostructured carbon as in claim 15, wherein the hydrocarbon reaction is hydrogenation of hydrocarbons. 19. The composition of nanostructured carbon as in claim 15, wherein the hydrocarbon reaction is dehydrogenation of hydrocarbons. 20. The composition of nanostructured carbon as in claim 14, wherein the nanostructured carbon is used as solid fuel of direct carbon fuel cells. 21. The composition of nanostructured carbon as in claim 14, wherein the nanostructured carbon is used as anode of lithium ion battery. 22. The composition of nanostructured carbon as in claim 14, wherein the nanostructured carbon is used in an electrochemical device. 23. The composition of nanostructured carbon as in claim 14, wherein the nanostructured carbon is used as fillers or components of an implantable medical device. 