Methods and systems are disclosed which provide for the purification of effluent from a septic system or natural water from rainwater or stormwater collection devices for the storage and reuse of water. The purified water may be supplied to water applications, such as a return conduit to a home for potable or graywater usage. The distillation unit may be powered by a local power independent of a municipal power grid and which may employ sustainable energy mechanisms. The distiller residue may undergo a volume reduction process, such as evaporation, coagulation, electrocoagulation or microfiltration. The purified water may be stored in a holding tank with sensors to monitor the water quality and water level within the tank. Alarms, release valves or relief valves may be activated in response to such monitoring.
Claims 1. A method of purifying and recycling septic tank effluents, said method comprising: transporting wastewater into a septic tank; separating effluent from said wastewater within said septic tank; moving said effluent at a flow rate from said septic tank to a distillation unit; distilling said effluent by way of said distillation unit, thereby generating purified water and distiller residue; reducing the volume of said distiller residue; and supplying at least a portion of said purified water to one or more purified water applications. 2. A method as defined in claim 1 in which said reducing occurs by way of one or more volume reduction processes selected from the group consisting of evaporation, coagulation, electrocoagulation and microfiltration. 3. A method as defined in claim 1 further comprising reintroducing said distiller residue to said septic tank after said reducing. 4. A method as defined in claim 1 further comprising: monitoring the quality of said purified water to determine whether it meets a safety threshold appropriate for use in said purified water application; and automatically terminating said supplying if said safety threshold is not met. 5. A method as defined in claim 1 further comprising: providing an effluent filter in fluid communication between said septic tank and said distillation unit, wherein said effluent filter is adapted to trigger an alarm device if said effluent filter malfunctions or becomes blocked. 6. A method as defined in claim 5 in which said effluent filter is adapted to electrocoagulate said effluent. 7. A method as defined in claim 1 in which said distillation unit is located above ground within a housing structure adapted to support one or more solar panels wherein said one or more solar panels are power supplyingly connected to said distillation unit. 8. A method as defined in claim 1 in which said distillation unit is electrically connected to a stored power backup. 9. A method as defined in claim 1, further comprising: holding said purified water in a holding tank prior to supplying said purified water to said one or more purified water applications. 10. A method as defined in claim 1 further comprising: automatically releasing total dissolved solids into said purified water. 11. A method as defined in claim 1 in which said distilling occurs by way of vapor compression distillation within said distillation unit. 12. A method as defined in claim 1 in which: said transporting is from a sewer line of a home; and said purified water applications include the provision of potable water to said home. 13. A method as defined in claim 1, further comprising: operating a local power source for providing power to said distillation unit, wherein said local power source is operating independently of any electrical grid. 14. A method as defined in claim 13 in which said local power source includes a Stirling cycle engine. 15. A method as defined in claim 14, further comprising; incinerating household debris, thereby generating heat for the operation of said Stirling cycle engine. 16. A method as defined in claim 14, further comprising; collecting methane, wherein said methane is a byproduct of an anaerobic digestion process having occurred within said septic tank; and burning said methane, thereby generating heat for the operation of said Stirling cycle engine. 17. A method of purifying and recycling unpurified water, said method comprising: moving said unpurified water from a source to a distillation unit; distilling said unpurified water by way of said distillation unit, thereby generating purified water and distiller residue; reducing the volume of said distiller residue; and supplying at least a portion of said purified water to one or more purified water applications. 18. A method as defined in claim 17 in which said source is selected from the group consisting of a swimming pool, a rainwater cistern, a stormwater catchment and a graywater line. 19. A method as defined in claim 17 in which said reducing occurs by way of one or more volume reduction processes selected from the group consisting of evaporation, coagulation, electrocoagulation and microfiltration. 20. A system for purifying and recycling septic tank effluents, said system comprising: a sewer line of a home, said sewer line being adapted to transporting wastewater from said home; a septic tank for receiving said wastewater and separating effluent therefrom; a distillation unit for receiving said effluent at a flow rate and distilling said effluent, thereby generating purified water and distiller residue, said distillation unit including a vapor water distillation component; a volume reduction device for reducing the volume of said distiller residue by way of a volume reduction process; and a discharge line for discharging said purified water to one or more purified water applications. 21. A system as defined in claim 20 in which said volume reduction process is selected from the group consisting of evaporation, coagulation, electrocoagulation and microfiltration. 22. A system as defined in claim 20, further comprising: a local power source for providing power to said distillation unit, wherein said local power source is adapted to operate independently of any electrical grid. 23. A system as defined in claim 20 in which said local power source includes a Stirling cycle engine. 