Energy services business methods gather up many small pieces of renewable energy generation, energy efficiency, and controllable energy demand reductions en a grid, and present all that in a unified interface to a power utility. The individual constituents benefit from collective bargaining with, a large utility, and can receive energy discounts, rebates, and bonuses for their participation.
Claims 1. An energy services business method, comprising: gathering up many small pieces of renewable energy generation, energy efficiency, and controllable energy demand reductions on a grid from individual constituents; and presenting a unified interface. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: using collective bargaining with a large utility to provide energy discounts, rebates, bonuses, incentives, and benefits for the individual constituents for their participation. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising: monitoring renewable energy generation and with monitors installed at a plurality of remote installations; automatically reporting data from said monitors to centralized servers that log and certify the production of fractional units of megawatt-hours of renewable energy; and accumulating fractional units of qualifying energy produced by many relatively small renewable installations into minimum lot sizes required for certification, trading, and selling. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising: placing a centralized server for receiving reports of renewable energy generation from a plurality of remote generation sites, and for summarizing and detailing said generation for certification by a certifying standards process. 5. An energy services system, comprising: devices for gathering up many small pieces of renewable energy generation, energy efficiency, and controllable energy demand reductions on a grid from individual constituents; and a group administration for presenting a unified interface to a power utility. 6. The system of claim 5, further comprising: financing mechanisms for providing energy efficiency, demand response, energy savings, or energy cost saving retrofits to be financed; wherein, any consequential finance fees are less than the costs of the periodic energy costs that the retrofits saved. 7. The system of claim 6, further comprising: mechanisms for financing an electric vehicle in combination with a financed solar energy array big enough to generate the energy needs of the vehicle year round, wherein the financing costs are less than money spent for gasoline for a comparable conventional vehicle. 8. The system of claim 5, further comprising: means for collective bargaining with a large utility to provide energy discounts, rebates, bonuses, and benefits for the individual constituents for their participation. 9. The system of claim 5, further comprising: renewable energy generation and monitors installed at a plurality of remote installations; communications for automatically reporting data from said monitors to centralized servers that log and certify the production of fractional units of megawatt-hours of renewable energy; and devices for accumulating fractional units of qualifying energy produced by many relatively small renewable installations into minimum lot sizes required for certification, trading, and selling. 10. The system of claim 5, further comprising: a centralized server for receiving reports of renewable energy generation from a plurality of remote generation sites, and for summarizing and detailing said generation for certification by a certifying standards process. 11. The system of claim 5, further comprising: mobile devices on which information can be communicated to customers and employees. 12. The system of claim 5, wherein information about how energy is used by individual constituents is used in aggregate to help all customers find ways to save energy. 13. The system of claim 6, wherein the financing mechanism is a utility tariff-indexed PPA. 14. The system of claim 5, wherein individual constituents pay only one bill to a virtual utility for all of their energy and utility needs, and where said virtual utility pays the residual bills to every individual service provider. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein virtual utility aggregates information about bills and trends in customer energy usage and costs and distills this for customer convenience and for motivating behavior to reduce costs and energy use. 