A device for heating and cooling an enclosed area, such as the passenger of a motor vehicle. The device includes a temperature control unit for a user to interface with the device and allow the setting of the threshold operating temperatures. A temperature switch is used to control the initiation and termination of the heating and cooling unit. When an upper threshold is reached, the temperature switch indicates to a control unit to place the heating and cooling unit in cool mode and blow cool air into the enclosed area until the ambient temperature is cooled below the upper threshold, whereby the heating and cooling unit is deactivated. Similarly, when a lower threshold is passed, the temperature switch indicates to the control unit to place the heating and cooling unit in heat mode and blow heated air into the enclosed area until the ambient temperature is heated above the lower threshold, whereby the heating and cooling unit is deactivated. This device being powered by solar panels.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device for monitoring and modifying the temperature of an enclosed area, comprising: a user input device for inputting a first temperature threshold; a temperature switch connected to the user input device for receiving the first temperature threshold and for detecting change in the temperature of the enclosed area; a heating and cooling unit operable when said temperature switch detects the change in the temperature of the enclosed area reaches the first temperature threshold; and a power supply for supplying power to said user input device, said temperature switch, and said heating and cooling unit. 2. The device as recited in claim 1, wherein said power supply includes solar panels for converting light energy into electrical energy. 3. The device as recited in claim 1, further including a controller connected to said temperature switch and said power supply, said controller for initiating and terminating operation of said heating and cooling unit in response to said temperature switch. 4. The device as recited in claim 3, wherein said controller further for regulating power from said power supply to said heating and cooling unit. 5. The device as recited in claim 1, wherein said heating and cooling unit includes a fan to move air from the heating and cooling unit into the enclosed area. 6. The device as recited in claim 1, wherein said input device for receiving a second temperature threshold, wherein said heating and cooling unit operates in a cooling mode when said temperature switch detects the change in the temperature of the enclosed area reaches the first temperature threshold, and further wherein said heating and cooling unit operates in a heating mode when said temperature switch detects the change in the temperature of the enclosed area reaches the second temperature threshold. 7. A device for monitoring and modifying the temperature of an small enclosed area, comprising: a user input device allowing a user to input a first temperature threshold; a temperature switch connected to the user input device for receiving the first temperature threshold and for detecting change in the temperature of the enclosed area; a heating and cooling unit operable in a heating mode and a cooling mode, said heating and cooling unit activated when said temperature switch detects the change in the temperature of the small enclosed area reaches the first temperature threshold; and a power supply for supplying power to said user input device, said temperature switch, and said heating and cooling unit. 8. The device as recited in claim 7, wherein said power supply comprises solar panels for converting light energy into electrical energy. 9. The device as recited in claim 7, further including a controller connected to said temperature switch and said power supply, said controller for initiating and terminating operation of said heating and cooling unit in response to said temperature switch detecting the change in the temperature of the small enclosed area reaching the first temperature threshold. 10. The device as recited in claim 9, wherein said controller further for regulating power from said power supply to said heating and cooling unit. 11. The device as recited in claim 7, wherein said heating and cooling unit includes a fan to move air from the heating and cooling unit into the enclosed area. 12. The device as recited in claim 1, wherein said input device for receiving a second temperature threshold, wherein said heating and cooling unit operates in the cooling mode when said temperature switch detects the change in the temperature of the enclosed area reaches the first temperature threshold, and further wherein said heating and cooling unit operates in the heating mode when said temperature switch detects the change in the temperature of the enclosed area reaches the second temperature threshold. 13. A device for monitoring and modifying the temperature of an small enclosed area, comprising: a user input device allowing a user to input a first temperature threshold; a temperature switch connected to the user input device for receiving the first temperature threshold and for detecting change in the temperature of the enclosed area; a heating and cooling unit operable in a heating mode and a cooling mode, said heating and cooling unit activated when said temperature switch detects the change in the temperature of the small enclosed area reaches the first temperature threshold; and a power supply for supplying power to said user input device, said temperature switch, and said heating and cooling unit. 14. The device as recited in claim 13, wherein said power supply includes solar panels for converting light energy into electrical energy. 15. The device as recited in claim 14, wherein said power supply includes a rechargeable battery operable to supply power to at least the heating and cooling unit, and further operable to be recharged by the electrical energy from said solar panels. 16. The device as recited in claim 15, further including a controller connected to said temperature switch and said power supply, said controller for initiating and terminating operation of said heating and cooling unit in response to said temperature switch detecting the change in the temperature of the small enclosed area reaching the first temperature threshold. 17. The device as recited in claim 16, wherein said controller further for regulating the charging of said rechargeable battery. 18. The device as recited in claim 17, wherein said controller further for regulating power from said power supply to said heating and cooling unit. 19. The device as recited in claim 18, wherein said heating and cooling unit includes a fan to move air from the heating and cooling unit into the enclosed area. 20. The device as recited in claim 19, and further including air vents connected to said heating and cooling unit. 