A system for monitoring a structure is provided. The system comprises at least one sensor node attachable to a structure and configured to monitor a physical condition or operating performance that is being exhibited by the structure; a power source configured to power the at least one sensor node; a converter adapted to receive an analog output signal generated by the at least one sensor node in response to the monitored physical condition or operating performance of the structure and to convert the analog signal into a digital signal; and a processor for receiving the digital signal and processing the digital signal into feedback readable by a user to determine whether the physical condition or operating performance of the structure falls within a predetermined range.
Claims 1. A system for monitoring a structure, the system comprising: at least one sensor node attachable to a structure and configured to monitor a physical condition or operating performance that is being exhibited by the structure; a power source configured to power the at least one sensor node; a converter adapted to receive an analog output signal generated by the at least one sensor node in response to the monitored physical condition or operating performance of the structure and to convert the analog signal into a digital signal; and a processor for receiving the digital signal and processing the digital signal into feedback readable by a user to determine whether the physical condition or operating performance of the structure falls within a predetermined range. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the power source is selected from at least one of a battery and a capacitor. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the power source is rechargeable. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the power source utilizes a power collecting technique to power the at least one sensor node, the power collecting technique being selected from at least one of a piezoelectric material, a coil and permanent magnet, an electromagnetic wave, a thermoelectric device, a pyroelectric device, a photovoltaic system and an air flow system. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the power collecting technique includes at least one of an electrical power producing material, a rectifier to convert current from AC to DC, a storage circuit to store power, a switching circuit to turn power on and off, and a power regulation circuit to ensure consistent power is delivered to the at least one sensor node. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the at least one sensor node includes at least one of a strain gage, a temperature sensor, a thermistor, a thermocouple, an accelerometer, an ultrasound device, a laser, a magnetoelastic device, an electrical induction device, a piezoelectrical device, a fiber optic device, and a nanotube device. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the at least one sensor node is configured to measure at least one of strain, temperature, vibration, pressure, torque, angular rotation, bending, tension, and compression. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the converter is an integrated analog digital converter. 9. The system of claim 1, further comprising a memory component for storing converted sensor data that has been processed by the processor. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the memory component contains a unique address to identify the sensor data. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the memory component further contains a database of previously monitored physical conditions or operating performances of the structure to permit comparison of data, the comparison of data being readable by the user to determine whether the physical condition or operating performance of the structure falls within the predetermined range. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the processor is adapted to operate in a sleep mode to conserve power, the sleep mode being interruptible by receiving sensor data, by being manually activated via a switch or by being remotely activated by a transceiver network. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the feedback readable by the user includes a visual indicator, the visual indicator including at least one of a light emitting diode, an LCD, an OLED and a color or shape changing material driven by an electrical signal. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein the feedback readable by the user includes an audible indicator, the audible indicator including at least one of a beep, a siren and a whistle. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein the feedback readable by the user includes a tactile indicator, the tactile indicator including at least one of a turkey pop-up, a lengthening bar and Braille bumps. 16. The system of claim 1, further comprising a radio transducer wirelessly coupled to a base station for transmitting the feedback to one or more remote locations accessible by the user. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein transmitting the feedback includes sending the feedback by a transceiver over a network, the network being selected from at least one of a satellite network, a cellular network and a radio network. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein the one or more remote locations include at least one of an individual workstation, a local area network and the Internet. 19. The system of claim 1, wherein the structure includes a rotatable shaft attachable to a piece of industrial power transmission equipment. 20. The system of claim 1, wherein the structure includes a rotatable shaft attachable to a wheel hub or drive train. 21. The system of claim 16, wherein the base station is located in a vehicle. 22. The system of claim 1, wherein the structure includes a rigid member of a building or structure. 23. The system of claim 22, wherein the rigid member of the building or structure includes at least one of a steel framed building, a bridge span, and an underground mine support. 24. A method for monitoring a structure, the method comprising: attaching at least one sensor node to a structure; monitoring a physical condition or operating performance that is being exhibited by the structure with the at least one sensor node; powering the at least one sensor node with a power source; generating an analog output signal from the at least one sensor node in response to the monitored physical condition or operating performance of the structure; converting the analog output signal into a digital signal; processing the digital signal into feedback readable by a user; and determining whether the physical condition or operating performance of the structure falls within a predetermined range. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein powering the at least one sensor node comprises powering the at least one sensor node with a power source selected from at least one of a battery and a capacitor. 26. The method of claim 24, further comprising utilizing a power collecting technique to power the at least one sensor node, the power collecting technique being selected from at least one of a piezoelectric material, a coil and permanent magnet, an electromagnetic wave, a thermoelectric device, a pyroelectric device, a photovoltaic system and an air flow system. 27. The method of claim 24, wherein the monitoring step comprises monitoring the physical condition or operating performance being exhibited by the structure with at least one of a strain gage, a temperature sensor, a thermistor, a thermocouple, an accelerometer, an ultrasound device, a laser, a magnetoelastic device, an electrical induction device, a piezoelectrical device, a fiber optic device, and a nanotube device. 28. The method of claim 24, wherein the monitoring step comprises monitoring the physical condition or operating performance being exhibited by the structure to measure at least one of strain, temperature, vibration, pressure, torque, angular rotation, bending, tension, and compression. 29. The method of claim 24, wherein converting the analog output signal into a digital signal comprises converting the signal with an integrated analog digital converter. 30. The method of claim 24, further comprising storing converted sensor data that has been processed by the processor in a memory component. 31. The method of claim 30, further comprising comparing the converted sensor data with a database of previously monitored physical conditions or operating performances exhibited by the structure. 32. The method of claim 24, further comprising operating the processor in a sleep mode to conserve power, the sleep mode being interruptible by receiving sensor data, by being manually activated via a switch or by being remotely activated by a transceiver network. 33. The method of claim 24, further comprising providing the feedback to the user as a visual indicator, the visual indicator including at least one of a light emitting diode, an LCD, an OLED and a color or shape changing material driven by an electrical signal. 34. The method of claim 24, further comprising providing the feedback to the user as an audible indicator, the audible indicator including at least one of a beep, a siren and a whistle. 35. The method of claim 24, further comprising providing the feedback to the user as a tactile indicator, the tactile indicator including at least one of a turkey pop-up, a lengthening bar and Braille bumps. 36. The method of claim 24, further comprising transmitting the feedback to one or more remote locations that are accessible by the user, the transmission occurring by way of a radio transducer that is wirelessly coupled to a base station. 37. The method of claim 36, wherein transmitting the feedback includes sending the feedback by a transceiver over a network, the network being selected from at least one of a satellite network, a cellular network and a radio network. 38. The method of claim 36, wherein the one or more remote locations include at least one of an individual workstation, a local area network and the Internet. 39. The method of claim 24, wherein attaching the at least one sensor node to a structure comprises attaching the at least one sensor node to a rotatable shaft that is attachable to a piece of industrial power transmission equipment. 40. The method of claim 24, wherein attaching the at least one sensor node to a structure comprises attaching the at least one sensor node to a rotatable shaft that is attachable to a wheel hub or drive train. 41. The method of claim 24, wherein attaching the at least one sensor node to a structure comprises attaching the at least one sensor node to a rigid member of a building or structure. 42. The method of claim 41, wherein the rigid member of the building or structure includes at least one of a steel framed building, a bridge span, and an underground mine support. 