An electronic quick change cartridge for a welding helmet. The cartridge base is formed of an optically dense polycarbonate or like material that acts as a passive filter to provide eye protection during the welding process. A port in the base receives a variable density LCD cell and a cavity formed in the base receives the electronics for driving the cell. Optical masks prevent light leakage through any interfaces of the structure. When low light levels are present, the welder views a work piece through an essentially transparent or slightly opaque LCD cell. When an arc is struck, the LCD cell darkens to a shade corresponding to the shade of the surrounding polycarbonate material. The welder then can view the work piece through the LCD cell and all the optically unobstructed portions of the polycarbonate base surrounding the LCD cell thereby to have an expanded viewing area during the actual welding operation.
Claims What is claimed as new and desired to be secured by Letters Patent of the United States is: 1. An optical filter assembly for protecting eyes in an environment having a switchable intense light source comprising: A. a base with an aperture therethrough, a cavity spaced from the aperture and a channel interconnecting said cavity and said channel, said base being formed of a material having a fixed light transmission characteristic, B. a filter disposed in the aperture switchable between a first optical density corresponding to the fixed light transmission characteristic of said base and a second, reduced optical density, C. a control circuit mounted in said cavity and connected to said filter through said channel for controlling the optical density of said filter in response to the presence of the intense light, and D. an opaque filler in said cavity and said channel whereby substantially uniform vision is provided through said filter and said base in the presence of the intense light and whereby vision is limited to said filter in the absence of the intense light. 2. An optical filter assembly as recited in claim 1 wherein said switchable density filter comprises a liquid crystal display element switchable between high and low transmission characteristics in response to a control signal and said control circuit provides the control signal in response to the operation of the intense light source. 3. An optical filter assembly as recited in claim 2 wherein said opaque filler comprises a potting compound. 4. An optical filter assembly as recited in claim 3 wherein said control circuit includes a photodetector for monitoring the presence of the intense light and said base has a passage therethrough aligned with said photodetector. 5. An optical filter assembly as recited in claim 3 wherein said control circuit includes a plurality of photodetectors for monitoring the presence of the intense light and said base has passages therethrough aligned with each of said photodetectors. 6. An optical filter assembly as recited in claim 3 for operation in an environment characterized by having ambient light wherein said control circuit includes a solar array for energizing said control circuit in response to the ambient light and said base has a passage therethrough aligned with said solar array. 7. An optical filter assembly as recited in claim 3 wherein said opaque filter additional includes first and second spaced masks at said cavity, aperture and channels. 8. An optical filter assembly as recited in claim 3 wherein said base has a front surface that faces the intense light source and has a reflective coating thereon. 9. A replaceable optical cartridge for insertion in a welding helmet for protecting a welder's eyes from the intense light of a welding arc while enabling the welder visibility in the therethrough in the absence of the arc, said cartridge comprising: A. a polycarbonate base with an aperture therethrough, a cavity spaced from the aperture and a channel interconnecting said cavity and said channel, said polycarbonate having a predetermined shade number, B. a liquid crystal display filter disposed in the aperture, said filter responding to a control signal by switching operating with a first light transmission characteristic corresponding to the predetermined shade number and a second, greater light transmission characteristic, C. a control circuit mounted in said cavity and connected to said filter through said channel for controlling the operation of said filter in response to the presence of an arc, and D. an opaque filler in said cavity and said channel whereby substantially uniform vision is provided through said filter and said base in the presence of the arc and whereby vision is limited to said filter in the absence of the arc. 10. A cartridge as recited in claim 9 wherein said opaque filler comprises a potting compound. 11. A cartridge as recited in claim 10 wherein said control circuit includes a photodetector for monitoring the presence of the intense light and said base has a passage therethrough in said cavity aligned with said photodetector. 12. A cartridge as recited in claim 10 wherein said control circuit includes a plurality of photodetectors for monitoring the presence of the intense light and said base has a passage therethrough in said cavity aligned with each said photodetector. 13. A cartridge as recited in claim 10 for operation in an environment characterized by having ambient light wherein said control circuit includes a solar array for energizing said control circuit in response to the ambient light and said base has a passage therethrough in said cavity aligned with said solar array. 14. A cartridge as recited in claim 10 wherein said opaque filter additional includes first and second spaced masks at said cavity, aperture and channels wherein said optical filter and control circuit are intermediate said first and second masks. 15. A cartridge as recited in claim 10 wherein said base has a front surface that faces the arc and has a reflective coating thereon. 16. An integral sealed exchangable optical filter for use in a welding helmet to protect a welder's eyes from the radiation produced by a welding arc, said optical filter comprising: A. a planar polycarbonate base having a given optical density that provides a predetermined light attenuation, said base having formed therein an aperture therethrough, a cavity spaced from said aperture and having at least one passage therethrough and first and second channels between said aperture and said cavity, B. a variable filter disposed in said aperture for providing first and second light attenuations in response to a control signal, the first light attenuation corresponding to the predetermined light attenuation and being greater than the second light attenuation, C. a control circuit in said cavity with a monitor in a said passage for switching the variable filter between the first and second attenuations in response to the presence and absence of an arc, said control circuit between connected to said variable filter through said channels, D. a filler in said cavity and said channels to augment light attenuation therethrough whereby a welder has visibility through said filter in the absence of an arc and has visibility through said filter and portions of said base in the presence of the arc. 