A method for managing resource usage in an area for members of the area includes the steps of a) determining the initial resource status of the area; b) creating modification standards for the area which have environmentally beneficial attributes; c)--monitoring the execution of modifications to the area by members of the area for conformity to the modification standards; d) managing the performance of the modifications to sustain the environmental attributes of the modifications; and, e) verifying tradable resource units from steps a)-d). A method for managing resource usage in an area includes the steps of monitoring resource transfers into and out of the area; monitoring resource transfers to and from individual-members in the area; determining area resource transfers; determining resource transfers of the individual members; and, determining payment balances of the individual members based upon the resource transfers of the individual members and the resource transfers of the area. The step of determining the resource transfers of the area can include an accounting of resource units created through the process of steps a)-e) above.
Claims 1. A method for managing resource usage in an area for members of the area, comprising the steps of: a) determining the initial resource status of the area; b) creating modification standards for the area which have environmentally beneficial attributes; c) monitoring the execution of modifications to the area by members of the area for conformity to said modification standards; d) managing the performance of the modifications to sustain the environmental attributes of the modifications; and, e) verifying tradable resource units from steps a)-d). 2. The method of claim 1, wherein said step of determining said initial resource status comprises the assessment of air, soil, water, flora and fauna of area. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein said step of determining said initial resource status comprises assessment of existing improvements in said area. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein said step of determining modifications comprises developing guidelines for said modifications. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein said managing step comprises comparing said modifications to said guidelines. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein said monitoring step comprises performing testing to determine the environmental attributes of said modifications. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein said verifying step comprises the creation of records of said monitoring steps. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein said verification includes quantifying said environmentally beneficial attributes. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein said modifications are environmentally beneficial relative to the initial resource status of the area. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein said verification step comprises the creation of tradable resource units. 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of creating an area authority to perform at least one of said determining the initial resource status of the area, creating modification standards for the area which have environmentally beneficial attributes, monitoring the execution of the modifications by members of the area, managing the performance of the modifications to sustain the environmental attributes of the modifications, and verifying the tradable resource units steps. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the area authority buys and sells resources from and to the members, and buys and sells resources from and to third parties. 13. The method of claim 1, further comprising the steps of: monitoring resource transfers into and out of said area; monitoring resource transfers to and from individual members in said area; determining area resource transfers; determining individual resource transfers of said individual members; and, determining payment balances of said individual members based upon the resource transfers of the individual members and the resource transfers of the area. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein said step of determining the resource transfers of the area can include an accounting of resource units created through the process of steps a)-e). 15. The method of claim 1, wherein said resources comprise at least one selected from the group consisting of flora and fauna eco-systems, water, soils, air, solar energy, biomass fuels production, energy from incineration, and wind, hydro, tide, and thermal energy generation, landfill space, solid, liquid, or gaseous waste, recyclable materials, and biomass, water and waste water streams, and noise. 16. The method of claim 1, wherein resources comprise at least one selected from the group consisting of carbon credits, waste disposal credits, pollutant emission credits, and water credits. 17. The method of claim 1, wherein said environmentally beneficial attributes comprise at least one of resource conservation and resource generation relative to initial area status. 18. A method for managing resource usage in an area, comprising the steps of: monitoring resource transfers into and out of said area; monitoring resource transfers to and from individual members in said area; determining resource transfers of said area; determining resource transfers of said individual members; and, determining payment balances of said individual members based upon the resource transfers of the individual members and the resource transfers of the area. 19. A system for managing resource usage in a community, comprising: at least one monitoring device for monitoring resource transfers into and out of said area; at least one monitoring device for monitoring resource transfers to and from individual members in said area; at least one device for gathering data from the monitoring of resource transfers of said area and for gathering data from the monitoring of resource transfers of said individual members; and, at least one device for determining payment balances of said individual members based upon the resource transfers of the individual members and the resource transfers of the area. 