A rip current can include a dangerous flow of water from an area proximate to a beach out to deeper water. An apparatus for generating a rip current warning indication includes an anchor device situated in the water, a flow sensor affixed to the anchor device and monitoring a water current speed, and a warning device in signal communication with the flow sensor. The warning device includes a control module comparing the monitored water current speed to a water current speed threshold. The warning device generates the rip current warning indication based upon the comparing.
Claims 1. An apparatus for generating a rip current warning indication, comprising: an anchor device situated in a body of water; a flow sensor affixed to the anchor device, the flow sensor monitoring a water current speed; and a warning device in signal communication with the flow sensor and comprising a control module comparing the monitored water current speed to a water current speed threshold, the warning device generating the rip current warning indication based upon the comparing. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the flow sensor is affixed to the anchor device with a support pole; wherein the flow sensor comprises a fin; and wherein the flow sensor is configured to turn in orientation with water current based upon the water current acting upon the fin. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the flow sensor comprises: a sensor motor/generator; and a plurality of impeller blades configured to turn the sensor motor/generator when a water current flows over the impeller blades; wherein the flow sensor monitoring the water current speed comprises the sensor motor/generator providing an electrical signal proportional to a rotational velocity of a shaft the sensor motor/generator. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the sensor motor/generator and the plurality of impeller blades are contained within a cylindrical sensor body. 5. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the sensor motor/generator and the plurality of impeller blades are contained within a sensor body comprising a tapered nozzle. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the warning device being in signal communication with the flow sensor comprises the flow sensor and the warning device being connected with a cable. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the warning device being in signal communication with the flow sensor comprises: the flow sensor transmitting a signal, and the warning device receiving the signal. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the flow sensor comprises: a support extending above a waterline, and a solar panel connected to the support and supplying electrical power to the sensor. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the flow sensor comprises a support extending above a waterline; and wherein the warning device is connected to the support. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the warning device is located on a beach proximate to the flow sensor. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the flow sensor being affixed to the anchor device comprises: the flow sensor being affixed to a support pole; and the support pole being affixed to the anchor device with a flexing device, the flexing device permitting the support pole to move relative to the anchor device. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the anchor device comprises: a concrete anchor; and a plurality of spray outlets located to a bottom of the concrete anchor and configured to spray water from the spray outlets during an installation of the concrete anchor. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, further comprising: a pipe extending from the bottom of the concrete anchor; an installation tip at the end of the pipe extending from the bottom of the concrete anchor; and a tip jet opening at the end of the pipe configured to spray water from the tip jet opening during the installation. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the installation tip comprises an arrowhead tip. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the rip current warning indication comprises activation of a warning light. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the rip current warning indication comprises activation of one of a text message and an audio message. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the control module comparing the monitored water current speed to the water current speed threshold comprises the control module determining whether the monitored water current speed is greater than the water current speed threshold through a sustained duration of time. 18. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the control module comparing the monitored water current speed to the water current speed threshold comprises: the control module comparing the monitored water current speed to a first, lower water current speed threshold to determine if a rip current could be occurring; and further comprising the control module comparing the monitored water current speed to a second, higher water current speed threshold to confirm that a rip current is occurring. 19. A system for generating a rip current warning indication, comprising: a plurality of flows sensors located to a sandbar within a body of water, each of the flow sensors comprising an anchor device comprising a concrete anchor buried within the sandbar, wherein the flow sensor is affixed to the anchor device, wherein the flow sensor monitors a water current speed, and wherein the flow sensor is configured to turn with a current flow; and a warning device in signal communication with the flow sensor and comprising a control module comparing the monitored water current speed to a water current speed threshold, the warning device generating the rip current warning indication based upon the comparing. 20. A method to indicate a rip current warning, the method comprising: in an electronically controlled control module: monitoring a water current speed signal generated by a flow sensor located in a body of water proximate to a beach; comparing the water current speed signal to a water current speed threshold; generating a rip current indication signal based upon the comparing; and in a warning device, automatically generating a rip current warning based upon the rip current indication signal. 