The present invention provides methods for controlling defects in materials, including point defects, such as interstitials and vacancies, and extended defects, including dislocations and clusters. Defect control provided by the present invention allows for fabrication and processing of materials and/or structures having a selected abundance, spatial distribution and/or concentration depth profile of one or more types of defects in a material, such as vacancies and/or interstitials in a crystalline material. Methods of the invention are useful for processing materials by controlling defects to access beneficial physical, optical, chemical and/or electronic properties.
Claims 1. A method for controlling the concentration of O interstitials or complexes thereof in a metal oxide structure, said method comprising the steps of: providing said metal oxide structure having an exposed surface, wherein said exposed surface is an atomically clean surface; treating said exposed surface of said metal oxide structure with a surface modifying agent, wherein interaction between said surface modifying agent and said metal oxide structure forms molecules or atoms on the exposed surface providing defect control groups on said exposed surface; and generating a selected surface abundance of said molecules or atoms on said exposed surface; thereby controlling the concentration of said O interstitials or complexes thereof in said metal oxide structure. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein said metal oxide is TiO.sub.2 or ZnO. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein said atomically clean surface provides a source of said O interstitials or complexes thereof to said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure and, wherein said selected surface abundance of said molecules or atoms on the exposed surface controls the rate that said O interstitials or complexes thereof are injected into, or otherwise generated in, said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure. 4. The method of claim 2, wherein said selected surface abundance of said molecules or atoms on the exposed surface eliminates between 0.1% and 80% of dangling bonds on said exposed surface of said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein said molecules or atoms on the exposed surface are selected from the group consisting of C, N, P, As, Sb, Bi, S, Se, Te, F, Cl, Br, and I and molecules containing C, N, P, As, Sb, Bi, S, Se, Te, F, Cl, Br, or I. 6. The method of claim 2, wherein said selected surface abundance of said molecules or atoms on the exposed surface controls the spatial distribution of said O interstitials or complexes thereof in said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein said selected surface abundance of said molecules or atoms on the exposed surface is selected from the range of 0.01 monolayer to 3 monolayers or is selected from the range of 5.times.10.sup.12 molecules or atoms cm.sup.-2 to 2.times.10.sup.15 molecules or atoms cm.sup.-2. 8. The method of claim 2, wherein said step of treating said exposed surface of said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure with said surface modifying agent generates a selected surface abundance of chemisorbed atoms or molecules on said exposed surface of said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure. 9. The method of claim 2, wherein said step of treating said exposed surface of said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure with said surface modifying agent generates sulfur atoms or sulfur-containing molecules on said exposed surface of said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein said surface modifying agent is a sulfur-containing gas or a sulfur-containing liquid. 11. The method of claim 9, wherein said surface modifying agent is elemental sulfur, CS.sub.2, H.sub.2S, SO.sub.2, SO.sub.3, SCl.sub.2, S.sub.2Cl.sub.2, SOCl.sub.2, SO.sub.2Cl.sub.2, HSO.sub.3Cl, a thiol, a sulfoxide, a sulfone, SF.sub.6 or any combination of these, wherein the surface modifying agent is applied to the exposed surface as a gas. 12. The method of claim 9, wherein said surface modifying agent is H.sub.2SO.sub.4, SOCl.sub.2, SO.sub.2Cl.sub.2, HSO.sub.3Cl, a thiol, a sulfoxide, or a sulfone, wherein the surface modifying agent is applied to the exposed surface as a liquid in a purified state or dissolved in a solvent. 13. The method of claim 9, wherein said surface modifying agent is dimethyl sulfoxide, sulfolane or methanethiol provided as a gas or liquid. 14. The method of claim 2, wherein said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure is a single crystalline material or a polycrystalline material, having a slight excess or deficiency in oxygen atom. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein said TiO.sub.2 structure has the chemical formula TiO.sub.2-x, wherein x is less than 0.05. 16. The method of claim 2, wherein said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure is a TiO.sub.2 or ZnO layer or a TiO.sub.2 or ZnO particle having a cross sectional dimension selected from the range of 1 nanometer to 10 microns. 17. The method of claim 2, wherein said step of treating said exposed surface of said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure with said surface modifying agent comprises: determining said selected surface abundance of said molecules or atoms on the exposed surface selected from the range of 5.times.10.sup.12 molecules or atoms cm.sup.-2 to 2.times.10.sup.15 molecules or atoms cm.sup.-2 or from the range of 0.01 monolayer to 3 monolayers, wherein said selected surface abundance of said molecules or atoms on the exposed surface is selected so as to control the concentration of said O interstitials or complexes thereof in said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure so as to achieve a selected spatial distribution of said O interstitials or complexes thereof in said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure; and terminating said treating step when said selected surface abundance of said molecules or atoms on the exposed surface is reached. 18. The method of claim 2, further comprising the steps of: implanting said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure with a dopant, thereby generating a TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure having implanted dopant; and annealing said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure having implanted dopant. 19. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of treating said exposed surface of said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure with said surface modifying agent is carried out while the TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure is exposed to electromagnetic radiation. 20. A method for controlling the concentration of defects in a material, said method comprising the steps of: providing said material having an exposed surface; treating said exposed surface of said material with a surface modifying agent, wherein interaction between said surface modifying agent and said material forms molecules or atoms on the exposed surface selected from the group consisting of C, N, P, Bi, S, Se, Te, F, Cl, Br, and I and molecules containing C, N, P, Bi, S, Se, Te, F, Cl, Br, or I providing defect control groups on said exposed surface; and generating a selected surface abundance of said molecules or atoms on the exposed surface; thereby controlling the concentration of defects in said material. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein said selected surface abundance of said molecules or atoms on the exposed surface is selected from the range of 0.01 monolayer to 3 monolayers or is selected from the range of 5.times.10.sup.12 molecules or atoms cm.sup.-2 to 2.times.10.sup.15 molecules or atoms cm.sup.-2. 22. The method of claim 20, wherein said material is a metal oxide selected from the group consisting of TiO.sub.2, ZrO.sub.2, ZnO, CO.sub.3O.sub.4, and cobalt spinels having the formula CoX.sub.2O.sub.4, wherein X is Al, Ga, or In, and wherein said metal oxide has a slight excess or deficiency of oxygen atom. 23. The method of claim 20, wherein said material has the formula TiO.sub.2, wherein x is less than 0.05; or wherein said material is a perovskite having a slight excess or deficiency of oxygen atom; or wherein said material is a multiferroic thin film, a ferroelectric thin film, a piezoelectric thin film, or a pyroelectric thin film; or wherein said material is a superconducting thin film. 24. A method of processing a catalyst support material, said method comprising: providing a catalyst support material having an exposed surface; treating said exposed surface of said catalyst support material with a surface modifying agent, wherein interaction between said surface modifying agent and said catalyst support material forms molecules or atoms on the exposed surface selected from the group consisting of C, N, P, Bi, S, Se, Te, F, Cl, Br, and I and molecules containing C, N, P, Bi, S, Se, Te, F, Cl, Br, or I providing defect control groups on said exposed surface; and generating a selected surface abundance of said molecules or atoms on said exposed surface, so as to control the concentration of defects in said catalyst support material, thereby processing said catalyst support material. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein said catalyst support material comprises TiO.sub.2, ZnO, or MgO. 26. The method of claim 24 further comprising the step of providing a catalyst on said catalyst support material, thereby producing a supported catalysis. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein said catalyst is a Lewis base catalyst, a noble metal, or a noble metal alloy. 28. A method of catalyzing a chemical reaction, said method comprising: providing a catalyst support material having an exposed surface; treating said exposed surface of said catalyst support material with a surface modifying agent, wherein interaction between said surface modifying agent and said catalyst support material forms molecules or atoms on the exposed surface selected from the group consisting of C, N, P, Bi, S, Se, Te, F, Cl, Br, and I and molecules containing C, N, P, Bi, S, Se, Te, F, Cl, Br, or I providing defect control groups on said exposed surface; generating a selected surface abundance of said molecules or atoms on said exposed surface; thereby controlling the concentration of defects in said catalyst support material; providing a catalyst on said support material, thereby producing a supported catalyst; and contacting said supported catalyst with one or more chemical reactant species, thereby catalyzing said chemical reaction. 29. A method of producing a supported catalyst, said method comprising: providing a TiO.sub.2 or ZnO support material having an exposed surface, wherein said exposed surface is an atomically clean surface; treating said exposed surface of said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO support material with a surface modifying agent, wherein interaction between said surface modifying agent and said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO support material forms molecules or atoms on the exposed surface providing defect control groups on said exposed surface; generating a selected surface abundance of said molecules or atoms on said exposed surface; thereby controlling the concentration of O interstitials or complexes thereof in said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO support material; and providing a catalyst on said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO support material, thereby producing said supported catalyst. 30. A method of catalyzing a chemical reaction, said method comprising: providing a TiO.sub.2 or ZnO support material having an exposed surface, wherein said exposed surface is an atomically clean surface; treating said exposed surface of said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO support material with a surface modifying agent, wherein interaction between said surface modifying agent and said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO support material forms molecules or atoms on the exposed surface providing defect control groups on said exposed surface; generating a selected surface abundance of said molecules or atoms on said exposed surface; thereby controlling the concentration of O interstitials or complexes thereof in said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO support material; providing a catalyst on said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO support material, thereby producing a catalysis material; and contacting said catalysis material with one or more chemical reactant species, thereby catalyzing a chemical reaction. 31. The method of claim 2, wherein said TiO.sub.2 or ZnO structure is a component of a memory resistor, a dye-sensitized solar cell, a light-emitting diode, an optical gas sensor, a photocatalytic water splitting assembly or a solid-state sensor. 32. A method for decreasing the concentration of vacancies in a metal oxide structure, said method comprising the steps of: providing said metal oxide structure having an exposed surface and a bulk; cleaning said exposed surface to produce an atomically clean surface; and providing a source of O atoms from said exposed source to the bulk of the metal oxide structure, wherein at least a portion of said O atoms combine with said vacancies, thereby decreasing said concentration of vacancies in said metal oxide structure. 33. The method of claim 32, further comprising a step of treating said exposed surface of said metal oxide structure with a surface modifying agent, wherein interaction between said surface modifying agent and said metal oxide structure forms molecules or atoms on the exposed surface providing defect control groups on said exposed surface. 34. The method of claim 33, further comprising a step of generating a selected surface abundance of said molecules or atoms on said exposed surface. 35. The method of claim 32, further comprising a step of equilibrating a first defect concentration within a bulk of said metal oxide structure with a second defect concentration on said atomically clean surface of said metal oxide structure. 36. The method of claim 35, further comprising a step of monitoring the second defect concentration on said atomically clean surface of said metal oxide structure. 37. The method of claim 36, wherein said monitoring step is performed using photoreflectance. 38. The method of claim 32, wherein said metal oxide is TiO.sub.2 or ZnO. 39. The method of claim 32, wherein said metal oxide structure is a particle or thin film. 40. The method of claim 39, wherein said particle or said thin film has a cross sectional dimension selected from the range of 1 nanometer to 10 microns. 41. The method of claim 39, wherein said particle or said thin film has a cross sectional dimension selected from the range of 1 nanometer to 1000 nanometers. 42. The method of claim 39, wherein said particle or said thin film has a cross sectional dimension selected from the range of 1 nanometer to 500 nanometers. 43. The method of claim 32, wherein said metal oxide structure has a ratio of surface area to volume greater than or equal to 0.2 nm.sup.-1. 44. The method of claim 32, wherein said metal oxide structure has a ratio of surface area to volume selected over the range of 0.2 nm.sup.-1 to 0.002 nm.sup.-1. 45. The method of claim 32, wherein a space charge region at said exposed surface has a thickness selected from the range of 1 nm to 100 nm provided that the thickness of the space charge region is 80% or less of a characteristic dimension of said metal oxide structure. 