Embodiments of the invention relate to an inclinometer for use in tracking movement of a moveable structure such as a solar array. The inclinometer includes a magnetometer for sensing changes in a magnetic field indicative of movement of the movable structure. This movement information is then used to determine a current position/orientation of the moveable structure. In the context of a solar array, this information is used to determine the current position/orientation of the solar array. In some embodiments where the movable structure is a solar array, sun position data either from a database listing sun position information for different times of day or data based on algorithmic calculations may be used to determine a difference between current position of the sun and a current position/orientation of the solar array. The solar array may then repositioned based on this determined difference.
Claims 1. A system for monitoring/controlling a position of a solar array comprising: an inclinometer coupled to the solar array, wherein said inclinometer comprises one or more magnetometers configured to sense positional changes of the solar array about one or more axes based on changes in a sensed magnetic field; and a processing device in communication with said inclinometer, wherein said processing device receives output from the magnetometer of said inclinometer and updates position information regarding the position of the solar array about the one or more axes. 2. A system according to claim 1, further comprising a drive system associated with the solar array for altering the position of the solar array about the one or more axes based on commands from said processing device. 3. A system according to claim 2, wherein said processing device is located in the same housing as said inclinometer. 4. A system according to claim 1, further comprising a source of sun position data indicating a current position of the sun in the sky, wherein said processing device is configured to compare a current position of the solar array about the one or more axes to the sun position data. 5. A system according to claim 4, wherein said source of sun position data is a sun sensor associated with the solar array. 6. A system according to claim 4, wherein said source of sun position data is a database comprising sun position data for a plurality of different times in a day. 7. A system according to claim 4, wherein said source of sun position data is a calculated sun position based on a formula or algorithm. 8. A system according to claim 4 further comprising a drive system associated with the solar array and in communication with said processing device for altering the position of the solar array about one or more axes, wherein said processing device is configured to compare position information regarding the position of the solar array about the one or more axes with sun position data and send commands to said drive system to alter the position of the solar array. 9. A system according to claim 1, wherein said magnetometer is capable of providing an accuracy of about 0.021875 degrees of arc. 10. A system according to claim 1, wherein said magnetometer is capable of providing an accuracy in the range of about 1.4 degrees to about 0.021875 degrees of arc. 11. A system for monitoring/controlling a position of a solar array comprising: an inclinometer coupled to the solar array, wherein said inclinometer comprises one or more magnetometers configured to sense positional changes of the solar array about one or more axes based on changes in a sensed magnetic field; a drive system associated with the solar array for altering the position of the solar array about one or more axes; a source of sun position data indicating a current position of the sun in the sky, wherein said source of sun data is either retrieved from a database of data stored in a storage device comprising sun position information for a plurality of different times in a day or calculated based on a formula or algorithm; and a processing device in communication with said inclinometer, drive system, and source of sun position data, wherein said processing device is configured to: compare solar array position information from said inclinometer and sun position information from said source of sun position data to thereby determine a difference between the position of the solar array relative to the sun position; and provide commands to said drive system to alter the position of the solar array. 12. A system according to claim 11, wherein said processing device is located in the same housing as said inclinometer. 13. A system according to claim 11, wherein said magnetometer is capable of providing an accuracy of about 0.021875 degrees of arc. 14. A system according to claim 11, wherein said magnetometer is capable of providing an accuracy in the range of about 1.4 degrees to about 0.021875 degrees of arc. 15. A substantially self-contained system for monitoring/controlling a position of a solar array comprising: a drive system associated with the solar array for altering the position of the solar array about one or more axes; a source of sun position data indicating a current position of the sun in the sky, wherein said source of sun data is either retrieved from a database of data stored in a storage device comprising sun position information for a plurality of different times in a day or calculated based on a formula or algorithm; and an inclinometer coupled to the solar array comprising: one or more magnetometers configured to sense positional changes of the solar array about one or more axes based on changes in a sensed magnetic field; and a processing device in communication with said inclinometer, drive system, and source of sun position data, wherein said processing device is configured to: compare solar array position information from said inclinometer and sun position information from said source of sun position data to thereby determine a difference between the position of the solar array relative to the sun position; and provide commands to said drive system to alter the position of the solar array. 16. A system according to claim 15, wherein said magnetometer is capable of providing an accuracy of about 0.021875 degrees of arc. 17. A system according to claim 15, wherein said magnetometer is capable of providing an accuracy in the range of about 1.4 degrees to about 0.021875 degrees of arc. 18. A method for monitoring/controlling a position of a solar array comprising: sensing positional changes of the solar array about one or more axes based on changes in a sensed magnetic field; and updating position information regarding the position of the solar array about the one or more axes. 19. A method according to claim 18 further comprising altering the position of the solar array about one or more axes. 20. A method according to claim 18 further comprising storing sun position data indicating a current position of the sun in the sky at different times of day for the geographic location of the sun array. 21. A method according to claim 20 further comprising comparing a current position of the solar array about the one or more axes to the sun position data. 22. A method according to claim 21 further comprising altering the position of the solar array about one or more axes based on a comparison of a current position of the solar array about the one or more axes to the sun position data. 23. A method according to claim 18 further comprising sensing a current position of the sun. 24. A method according to claim 23 further comprising comparing a current position of the solar array about the one or more axes to the current position of the sun. 25. A method according to claim 24 further comprising altering the position of the solar array about one or more axes based on a comparison of a current position of the solar array about the one or more axes relative to the current position of the sun. 26. A method according to claim 18 further comprising calculating a current position of the sun. 27. A method according to claim 26 further comprising comparing a current position of the solar array about the one or more axes to the current position of the sun. 28. A method according to claim 27 further comprising altering the position of the solar array about one or more axes based on a comparison of a current position of the solar array about the one or more axes relative to the current position of the sun. 29. A method according to claim 18, wherein sensing positional changes of the solar array about one or more axes based on changes in a sensed magnetic field comprises sensing positional changes with an accuracy of about 0.021875 degrees of arc. 30. A method according to claim 18, sensing positional changes of the solar array about one or more axes based on changes in a sensed magnetic field comprises sensing positional changes with an accuracy in the range of about 1.4 degrees to about 0.021875 degrees of arc. 31. A computer program product for monitoring/controlling a position of a solar array, the computer program product including a computer-readable medium having computer program code embodied therein, the computer program code comprising: instructions for sensing positional changes of the solar array about one or more axes based on changes in a sensed magnetic field; and instructions for updating position information regarding the position of the solar array about the one or more axes. 32. A computer program product of claim 31 further comprising instructions for altering the position of the solar array about one or more axes. 33. A computer program product of claim 31 further comprising instructions for storing sun position data indicating a current position of the sun in the sky at different times of day for the geographic location of the sun array. 34. A computer program product of claim 31 further comprising instructions for comparing a current position of the solar array about the one or more axes to the sun position data. 35. A computer program product of claim 34 further comprising instructions for altering the position of the solar array about one or more axes based on a comparison of a current position of the solar array about the one or more axes to the sun position data. 36. A computer program product of claim 31 further comprising instructions for sensing a current position of the sun. 37. A computer program product of claim 36 further comprising instructions for comparing a current position of the solar array about the one or more axes to the current position of the sun. 38. A computer program product of claim 37 further comprising instructions for altering the position of the solar array about one or more axes based on a comparison of a current position of the solar array about the one or more axes to the current position of the sun. 39. A computer program product of claim 31 further comprising instructions for calculating a current position of the sun. 40. A computer program product of claim 39 further comprising instructions for comparing a current position of the solar array about the one or more axes to the current position of the sun. 41. A computer program product of claim 40 further comprising instructions for altering the position of the solar array about one or more axes based on a comparison of a current position of the solar array about the one or more axes to the current position of the sun. 42. A computer program product of claim 31, wherein said instructions for sensing positional changes of the solar array about one or more axes based on changes in a sensed magnetic field comprises sensing positional changes with an accuracy of about 0.021875 degrees of arc. 43. A computer program product of claim 31, wherein said instructions for sensing positional changes of the solar array about one or more axes based on changes in a sensed magnetic field comprises sensing positional changes with an accuracy in the range of about 1.4 degrees to about 0.021875 degrees of arc. 44. A system for monitoring/controlling a position of a moveable structure comprising: an inclinometer coupled to the moveable structure, wherein said inclinometer comprises one or more magnetometers configured to sense positional changes of the moveable structure about one or more axes based on changes in a sensed magnetic field; and a processing device in communication with said inclinometer, wherein said processing device receives output from the magnetometer of said inclinometer and updates position information regarding the position of the moveable structure about the one or more axes. 45. A system according to claim 44, further comprising a drive system associated with the moveable structure for altering the position of the moveable structure about the one or more axes based on commands from said processing device. 46. A system according to claim 45, wherein said processing device is located in the same housing as said inclinometer. 47. A system according to claim 44, further comprising a source of position data indicating a desired position for the moveable structure, wherein said processing device is configured to compare a current position of the moveable structure about the one or more axes to the desired position. 48. A system according to claim 47 further comprising a drive system associated with the moveable structure and in communication with said processing device for altering the position of the moveable structure about one or more axes, wherein said processing device is configured to compare position information regarding the position of the moveable structure about the one or more axes with a desired position and send commands to said drive system to alter the position of the moveable structure. 49. A system according to claim 44, wherein said magnetometer is capable of providing an accuracy of about 0.021875 degrees of arc. 50. A system according to claim 44, wherein said magnetometer is capable of providing an accuracy in the range of about 1.4 degrees to about 0.021875 degrees of arc. 