Improved methods and apparatus for forming thin-film layers of semiconductor material absorber layers on a substrate web. According to the present teachings, a semiconductor layer may be formed in a multi-zone process whereby various layers are deposited sequentially onto a moving substrate web. At least one layer is deposited from a mixed gallium indium source.
Claims 1. A method of depositing a thin film photovoltaic semiconductor onto a substrate, comprising: mixing gallium and indium in a source; transporting a flexible substrate through plural deposition zones along a processing path, the source being positioned in one of zones; depositing a mixture of gallium and indium from the source onto the substrate in the presence of selenium gas. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein mixing of gallium and indium is accomplished by measuring amounts of gallium and indium to produce a predetermined ratio of gallium and indium, placing the predetermined ratio of gallium and indium into a single container. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the predetermined ratio of gallium to gallium and indium is in the approximate range of 0.4 to 0.8. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein mixing of gallium and indium is accomplished by evaporating each material separately and combining the resulting vapors into a single mixed vapor prior to exiting the source and being deposited onto the substrate. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising: monitoring the amount of gallium and indium deposited onto the substrate. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising: determining a deposition ratio of gallium to gallium and indium; and adjusting the deposition ratio of gallium and indium toward a target ratio. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the source has a heating element, the adjusting step including altering the temperature of the heating element. 8. The method of claim 5, further comprising: determining the thickness of a deposited layer of gallium and indium; and adjusting the deposition rate of gallium and indium from the source in response to the determined thickness. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the source has a heating element, the adjusting step including altering the temperature of the heating element. 10. A vapor deposition apparatus for use in manufacturing thin-film photovoltaic semiconductors, comprising: a roll-to-roll assembly configured to transport a flexible substrate through plural zones along a processing path; at least one zone having a substantially enclosed gallium and indium deposition assembly configured to deposit a layer comprised of gallium and indium in the presence of selenium gas onto the substrate; wherein the gallium and indium deposition assembly is configured to deposit gallium and indium from a mixed source. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the mixed source comprises: one or more crucibles for containing a mixture of gallium and indium, each crucible having a dedicated heating element which is independently controllable; and at least one nozzle through which a heated mixture of gallium and indium vapor exits the source. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the ratio of gallium to gallium and indium in a crucible is in the approximate range of 0.4 to 0.8. 13. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the mixed source includes: a plurality of crucibles, each crucible having a heating element; at least one vapor mixing manifold connected to the crucibles such that vapor may pass from the crucibles to the manifold; and at least one nozzle connected to the manifold and directed toward the substrate along the processing path, through which a heated mixed vapor exits the source. 14. The apparatus of claim 10, further comprising: a monitoring station configured to monitor amounts of gallium and indium deposited on the substrate. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein the monitoring station includes: at least one sensor configured to allow measurement of a ratio of gallium and indium; and at least one processor configured to determine appropriate adjustment of gallium and indium deposition. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, further comprising: a controller configured to adjust the temperature of a crucible in the mixed source. 17. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein the monitoring station includes: at least one sensor configured to allow measurement of the thickness of gallium and indium deposited on the substrate; and at least one processor configured to determine appropriate adjustment of gallium and indium deposition. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, further comprising: a controller configured to adjust the temperature of a crucible in the mixed source. 19. An apparatus for depositing a mixture of gallium and indium onto a flexible substrate, comprising: a source including a plurality of crucibles, each crucible having a heating element in thermal communication with the crucible; at least one vapor mixing manifold connected to the crucibles such that vapor may pass from the crucibles to the manifold; and at least one nozzle connected to the manifold through which a heated mixed vapor exits the source. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein each crucible is independently heated by at least one heating element. 21. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein each heating element is disposed in the upper portion of the apparatus. 22. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein each nozzle is formed at least in part by at least one heating element. 