A process and system for growing produce decouples farming from the unpredictability of the external environment by moving the farm into a highly-controlled enclosed environment in which all variables are optimized to grow produce of exceptional quality in a consistent, predictable manner, while minimizing or eliminating deleterious environmental impacts. A filtered, positive-pressure environment greatly reduces particulate contamination and pest infiltration from the outside. Seedlings are planted in containers of an organic soil mix engineered to deliver optimal amounts of water, nutrients, fiber and organic matter. The containers advance along a production line, in the process being given controlled exposure to light of predetermined intensity and wavelength, optimized to produce a desired growth pattern. Water is given at regular intervals in amounts calculated to produce optimal growth without waste. Nearly all inputs to the process are fully recyclable or are completely consumed; thus little or no waste is produced.
Claims 1. A system for growing produce comprising: an insulated enclosure housing said system; an HVAC (heating, ventilating and air-conditioning) system that maintains a positive air pressure within said enclosure relative to an external environment and an ambient temperature within said enclosure that is approximately equal to room temperature, said HVAC system including at least one component for shielding against particulate contamination and pest infiltration from said external environment; a soil blend engineered to have absorptive characteristics that provide a watering cycle of predetermined length and nutritional characteristics that provide a plant growth cycle of predetermined length; at least one non-compartmentalized growing tray that receives a portion of said soil blend sufficient to provide a growth medium for seedlings of said predetermined crop of plants; at least one production lane comprising at least one gravity feed growing rack and at least one watering station, wherein said at least one gravity feed growing rack indexes said at least one growing tray along said production lane toward said at least one watering station at a rate that delivers said at least one growing tray to said at least one watering station for watering at a time interval established by said watering cycle of predetermined length; a lighting system proximal to said production lane comprising: a plurality of lighting elements selected and combined to produce light of of a predetermined wavelength range, said lighting elements changeably fixed within said system to allow variation in distribution of said lighting elements relative to at least a portion of said plants as said at least one growing tray advances along said production lane; and a lighting control system that controls: any of light intensity and duration of said plants' exposure to said light; and distance between said plants and lighting elements; and; a metering system that delivers water in at least one predetermined portion, a predetermined portion of water being selected to maintain a predetermined moisture level in said portion of said soil composition. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said enclosure comprises at least one air intake and wherein said at least one component for shielding against particulate contamination and pest infiltration comprises at least one filter element to shield said at least one air intake. 3. The system of claim 1, said HVAC system comprising at least one air circulation device for preventing oxygen (O.sub.2) buildup and for maintaining carbon dioxide (CO.sub.2) level at a steady state. 4. The system of claim 1, said HVAC system comprising at least one ceiling fan for controlling a floor-to-ceiling temperature gradient. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising at least one multi-tiered seedling growing rack, wherein trays of seedlings are shelved in a stacked configuration, allowing younger seedling to be shelved at lower levels where ambient temperature is lowest and as said seedlings mature, said trays are moved to higher levels according to the heat tolerance associated with a level of seedling maturity. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein said at least one non-compartmentalized growing tray further comprises a drainage system for removing excess moisture from said at least one portion of said soil composition. 7. The system of claim 1, further comprising at least one pallet that receives said at least one growing tray for transit along said production lane. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein said gravity-feed growing rack comprises a gravity-feed pallet rack, wherein, upon reaching a watering station, said at least one growing tray contained within a pallet is watered and removed from the growing rack, allowing remaining growing trays within said pallet rack to index downward toward said watering station. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein said enclosure houses a plurality of production lanes. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein said plurality of production lanes comprises one of: a plurality of production lanes disposed at a single level; and at least one production lane disposed at each of a plurality of levels. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein a lighting element comprises an LED (light-emitting diode) and wherein LEDs of different wavelengths are combined within LED panels to produce said light of said predetermined wavelength range. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein said lighting system further comprises at least one suspended grid for receiving said LED panels, wherein said LED panels are suspended within said grid at one or more predetermined heights above said production lane and wherein said LED panels are changeably held within said grid. 13. The system of claim 12, said lighting system further comprising sequences of LED panels that are removed from said grid in at least one pattern that mimics the variable lighting encountered in natural environments. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein a watering system is segregated from said lighting system to lessen the chance of power interruption in the event of system malfunction. 15. The system of claim 1, further comprising a start facility for raising said seedlings. 16. The system of claim 1, further comprising a system for monitoring environmental variables, said system for monitoring environmental variables comprising: at least one sensor configured for gathering data regarding at least one environmental variable; and an I/O (intake/output) system that accepts said gathered data regarding said at least one environmental variable as input and outputs said input data. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein at least a portion of said data regarding said at least one environmental variable is output to one or more of: said HVAC system; said lighting control system; and said metering system. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein said at least one environmental variable comprises at least one of: ambient temperature; soil temperature; relative humidity; soil moisture; light intensity; light wavelength; duration of light exposure; O.sub.2 concentration; and CO.sub.2 concentration. 19. A process for growing produce comprising the steps of: in a production facility equipped with at least one production lane, producing non-compartmentalized growing trays of plants growing in a soil blend engineered to have absorptive characteristics that provide a predetermined soil moisture level and a watering cycle of predetermined length, said soil blend also engineered to have nutritional characteristics that provide a plant growth cycle of predetermined length; advancing individual growing trays of growing plants along the production lane toward a watering station on a gravity-fed growing rack; as growing trays advance along the production lane, illuminating the growing plants with light at frequency, intensity and duration selected to produce desired plant characteristics within a predetermined growing cycle; as trays reach watering stations along said production lane, adding water in amounts calculated to maintain said predetermined soil moisture level; and controlling environmental inputs to maintain plant health and produce plants within said plant growth cycle of predetermined length, said plants having at least one predetermined desired characteristic. 20. The process of claim 19, wherein said production facility comprises an insulated enclosure equipped with a HVAC ((heating, ventilating and air-conditioning) system that maintains a positive air pressure within said enclosure relative to an external environment and an ambient temperature within said enclosure that is approximately equal to room temperature, said HVAC system including at least one component for shielding against particulate contamination and pest infiltration from said external environment. 21. The process of claim 19, wherein the step of advancing individual trays of growing plants along the production lane toward a watering station on a gravity-fed growing rack comprises iteratively performing the steps of: at said watering station, removing a first growing tray from a queue of growing trays within said growing rack; watering said removed growing tray; and allowing remaining trays within said queue to index downward through the force of gravity; until all trays on said growing tray have been watered according to said predetermined watering cycle; said step of advancing individual trays of growing plants along the production lane toward a watering station on a gravity-fed growing rack further comprising any of the steps of: replacing said watered tray in said growing rack at a rear position of said queue; and in a sequence of production lanes, placing said watered tray at a rear position of a queue on a growing rack in a next production lane within said sequence of production lanes. 22. The process of claim 19, wherein a growing tray is received by a pallet for transit along said production lane. 23. The process of claim 19, wherein the step of illuminating the growing plants comprises the steps of: suspending a plurality of LED panels at one or more predetermined heights by removeably placing said LED panels within a suspended grid; combining single- and double-density panels to meet varying light requirements of different plant varieties and different light requirements of single varieties at different stages of the plant life cycle; adjusting length of a lighting cycle by means of one or more timers; and removing predetermined sequences of LED panels from said grid to mimic the uneven lighting encountered in natural environments. 24. The process of claim 23, wherein an LED panel comprises a plurality of LEDs of differing wavelengths selected and combined within said panel to produce light at a selected wavelength range. 25. The system of claim 23, wherein a lighting control system comprises a processing element programmed to accept input of lighting parameters and to control said lighting system according to said input parameters. 26. The process of claim 19, further comprising the step of draining excess water from said growing trays in order to maintain said predetermined soil moisture level. 27. The process of claim 19, further comprising the step of segregating watering system and lighting systems to prevent power interruption in the event of a watering system malfunction. 28. The process of claim 19, further comprising the step of: raising said seedlings in a start facility. 29. The process of claim 28, wherein said start facility comprises: at least one multi-tiered seedling growing rack, wherein trays of seedlings are shelved in a stacked configuration, allowing younger seedlings to be shelved at lower levels where ambient temperature is lowest and as said seedlings mature, said trays are moved to higher levels according to the heat tolerance associated with a level of seedling maturity. 30. The process of claim 19, wherein said production facility comprises a plurality of production lanes, wherein said plurality of production lanes comprises one of: a plurality of production lanes disposed at a single level; and at least one production lane disposed at each of a plurality of levels. 31. The process of claim 19, further comprising the step of: monitoring environmental variable via a sensing system comprising: at least one sensor configured for gathering data regarding at least one environmental variable; and an I/O (intake/output) system that accepts said gathered data regarding said at least one environmental variable as input and outputs said input data. 32. The process of claim 31, further comprising the step of: outputting at least a portion of said data regarding said at least one environmental variable to one or more of: said HVAC system; a lighting control system; and a system for metering water. 33. The process of claim 31, wherein said at least one environmental variable comprises at least one of: ambient temperature; soil temperature; relative humidity; soil moisture; light intensity at one or more locations; light wavelength; duration of light exposure; O.sub.2 concentration; and CO.sub.2 concentration. 34. The process of claim 19, further comprising the step of: timing illumination to coincide with a photosynthetic peak of said plants. 35. A planting tool, comprising: a plurality of facing fabric layers fastened together into a single assembly, said assembly defining openings at predetermined intervals for receiving plants being planted in a quantity of planting medium covered by said assembly; at least one of said layers being at least partially photo-reflective for minimizing heating of said planting medium and at least one of said layers being at least partially light-absorbing for preventing said at least partially photo-reflective layer from absorbing light; at least one of said layers being highly water-absorbent for inhibiting evaporation of moisture from said planting medium. 36. The planting tool of claim 35, wherein at least one of said fabric layers comprises a felt layer of a light color and at least one of said fabric layers comprises a weed-block fabric of a dark color. 37. The planting tool of claim 35, where said fabric layers are fastened together by any of: mechanical fasters; and sewing. 38. The planting tool of claim 35, wherein said mechanical fasteners comprise any of: one or more rivets; and one or more grommets. 39. A computer-implemented method of growing customized produce to order comprising the steps of: via a computational device, providing a customer a plurality of options for customizing a selection of produce for purchase and options for customizing physical characteristics of at least one individual variety within said selection of produce for purchase; via a computational device, receiving a custom order from said customer; via a computational device, selecting varieties and quantities to be grown in fulfillment of said custom order; responsive to said selected varieties and quantities being planted in at least one growing tray, via a computational device, monitoring environmental variables for said grow tray over time; responsive to said custom order, said computational device altering at least one of said environmental variables in a predetermined manner to customize at least one physical characteristic of at least one variety. 40. The method of claim 39, wherein said step of monitoring environmental variables for said grow tray over time comprises any of the steps of: via a computational device, monitoring one or both of atmospheric humidity and soil moisture via a computational device, monitoring ambient temperature; via a computational device, monitoring at least one of: light intensity, light frequency and length of exposure. 41. The method of claim 39, wherein said step of altering at least one of said environmental variables in a predetermined manner to customize at least one physical characteristic of at least one variety comprises at least one of the steps of: altering a watering pattern; altering light frequency; altering light intensity; and altering duration of light exposure. 42. The method of claim 39, wherein said physical characteristics comprise one or more of: size of individual pieces; shape of individual pieces; color depth of individual pieces; and color distribution of individual pieces. 43. The method of claim 39, further comprising the step of: via a computational device, recording a history of plant responses to varying environmental conditions in order to reproduce predetermined variations in physical characteristics. 44. The method of claim 39, wherein individual elements within a lighting system are addressable and controllable by means of a computer program. 45. The method of claim 39, wherein individual grow trays are addressable by a computer program to monitor soil conditions and control watering. 46. The method of claim 39, further comprising the step of: via a computational device, controlling operation of individual production facilities from a central operations center. 47. The method of claim 46, wherein the step of controlling operation of individual production facilities from a central operations center comprises one or both of the steps of: via a computational device, controlling recipes; and via a computational device, controlling configuration of said individual production facilities. 48. The method of claim 39, further comprising the step of: via a computational device, controlling environmental factors at individual production facilities according to local ambient conditions and economic conditions. 49. The method of claim 39, further comprising the step of: powering production facilities with solar-generated DC (direct current) electricity. 50. The method of claim 39, wherein said step of selecting produce for planting in at least one grow tray comprises the steps of via a computational device, forecasting local demand for produce; and via a computational device, selecting produce for planting according to local demand for produce. 51. The method of claim 39, further comprising the step of: timing illumination to coincide with a photosynthetic peak of said plants. 52. A tangible computer-readable medium having computer-readable instructions for a method of growing produce embodied thereon, the method comprising the steps of: providing a customer a plurality of options for customizing a selection of produce for purchase and options for customizing physical characteristics of at least one individual variety within said selection of produce for purchase; receiving a custom order from said customer; selecting varieties and quantities to be grown in fulfillment of said custom order; responsive to said selected varieties and quantities being planted in at least one growing tray, monitoring environmental variables for said grow tray over time; responsive to said custom order, altering at least one of said environmental variables in a predetermined manner to customize at least one physical characteristic of at least one variety. 53. A tangible computer-readable medium having computer-readable instructions for a method of growing customized produce to order embodied thereon, the method comprising the steps of: in a production facility equipped with at least one production lane, producing non-compartmentalized growing trays of plants growing in a soil blend engineered to have absorptive characteristics that provide a predetermined soil moisture level and a watering cycle of predetermined length, said soil blend also engineered to have nutritional characteristics that provide a plant growth cycle of predetermined length; advancing individual growing trays of growing plants along the production lane toward a watering station on a gravity-fed growing rack; as growing trays advance along the production lane, illuminating the growing plants with light at frequency, intensity and duration selected to produce desired plant characteristics within a predetermined growing cycle; as trays reach watering stations along said production lane, adding water in amounts calculated to maintain said predetermined soil moisture level; and controlling environmental inputs to maintain plant health and produce plants within said plant growth cycle of predetermined length, said plants having at least one predetermined desired characteristic. 