A voice and image e-mail transmitter device with an external camera attachment that is designed for the emergency and surveillance purposes is disclosed. The device converts voice signals and photo images into digital format, which are transmitted to the nearest voice-image message receiving station from where the digital signal strings are parsed and converted into voice, image, or video message files which are attached to an e-mail and delivered to user pre-defined destination e-mail addresses and a 911 rescue team. The e-mail also includes the caller's voice and personal information, photo images of a security threat, device serial number, and a GPS location map of the caller's location. The digital signal data may be recorded and transmitted within few seconds. The victim's family or police may either check the GPS location map in an e-mail or apply a new GPS based people tracking system of the present invention to search for a missing victim.
Claims 1. A communication device also known as a voice and image e-mail transmitter device, or a portable surveillance unit (PSU) device, for sending information in digital signal string format wherein said information includes an e-mail address, user name, a device serial number, and one or both of a voice message and an image, said device comprising: a base portion comprised of a GPS chipset, a keyboard for data entry, a key button pad for selecting different functions, a three-way toggle switch for message type selection, and a push button for sending voice and image signals, voice message with no image, or image with no voice message that are subsequently converted to one or more message files at a receiving station, said push button is pressed to record a message and released to send a message to a pre-determined e-mail addresses; and a cover portion comprised of a viewing screen, a center position of the push button is used for private calls and either of two end positions are used for emergency calls. 2. The communication device of claim 1 further comprised of an internal central process unit (CPU), static and dynamic memory chips, an internal clock, and a battery in the base portion. 3. The communication device of claim 2 wherein the CPU is used to convert voice input data and image input data into digital signals, the dynamic memory chips are used for storing converted digital signals, the static memory chips are used for storing pre-registered personal information, the GPS chipset generates a location code of the PSU device for GPS tracking purposes, the internal clock is automatically synchronized with a system clock and generates a time code required for message transmission, and the battery provides a power source, and may have a solar battery as a backup, and is an essential component which enables continuous capability for emergency calling and GPS tracking functions. 4. The communication device of claim 1 wherein the base portion is further comprised of a wire that connects the PSU device to an external camera and/or external microphone device that is attached to an ornament or an article of clothing worn by a user, and a push button that is pushed in to collect image data from the external camera device and voice input from the external microphone and released to transmit the voice and image data in a digital string format to a voice-image message receiving station through an antenna connected to or imbedded in the base portion. 5. The communication device of claim 1 wherein a secret code and a size code are embedded in the emergency e-mail message and the message files to maintain the message in its original form so that associated e-mail and message files may be kept together as a legal document for forensic evidence. 6. The communication device of claim 1 wherein a "Group item" may be selected from the voice and image e-mail transmitter device to perform a voice or video broadcasting function which is an alternative way for sending an urgent message to multiple recipients over an Internet network. 7. The communication device of claim 6 wherein the PSU device is connected to a PC or Mac via a USB data line to enable a massive voice or video e-mail message to be sent from the PC or Mac to one or more recipients over the Internet network. 8. The communication device of claim 1 wherein a "Registration screen panel" for a pre-registry of PSU user's personal information and a "Verification screen panel" for verifying an authentication to update personal information are available on the cover portion, the "Registration screen panel" is used to specify two special passcodes for obtaining authorization to update personal information and for tracking the PSU device. 9. The communication device of claim 1 wherein a "GPS Tracking item" is defined with a passcode on the voice and image e-mail transmitter device to enable sending GPS tracking request to search for the location of a PSU user. 10. The communication device of claim 8 wherein a secondary PSU Serial number option in the "Registration screen panel" is employed for extra protection. 11. The communication device of claim 1 wherein a "notify e-mail" option in a "Verification screen panel" in the cover portion allows users to retrieve a lost PSU device from a police station or law enforcement agency. 12. A system for sending and receiving voice and image information in digital signal string format, said system comprising: (a) a portable surveillance (PSU) device for sending information in digital signal string format wherein said information includes an e-mail address, user name, a device serial number, and one or both of a voice message and an image, said PSU device comprises a base portion comprised of a GPS chipset, a keyboard for data entry, a key button pad for selecting different functions, a three-way toggle switch for message type selection, and a push button for sending voice and image signals, voice message with no image, or image with no voice message that are subsequently converted to one or more message files at a receiving station, said push button is pressed to record a message and released to send a message to a pre-determined e-mail addresses; and a cover portion comprised of a viewing screen, a center position of the push button is used for private calls and either of two end positions are used for emergency calls. (b) at least one cellular phone tower which is at a location that can relay voice and image signals received from the PSU device; and (c) a software program installed at the central process server in a voice-image message receiving station that can convert voice and image signals from the received digital signal string into one or more message files which are attached in a newly created e-mail and forwarded to one or more pre-defined e-mail addresses. 13. The system of claim 11 wherein the software program converts voice and image digital data transmitted from dynamic memory chips in the PSU device_into a ".wav" or ".jpeg" format. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein the dynamic memory chips have a capacity of about 4 GB or larger to enable a conversion of transmitted video digital data into a "mpg", or ".avi" file format. 15. The system of claim 11 wherein the voice and image e-mail transmitter device is further comprised of functionality that enables two-way voice and image e-mail communication over the internet, and may also be connected to a PC or Mac via a USB data line to achieve voice and image e-mail communication from the PC or Mac over an Internet network. 16. The system of claim 11 wherein the voice and image e-mail transmitter device and an alarm device are connected to a movement sensor and are affixed to a wall or another structure for office and household surveillance use. 17. The system of claim 11 wherein a new PSU phone dialing system using the PSU device serial number of the voice and image e-mail transmitter device as the phone dialing number followed by a user specified "GPS tracking passcode" is used to enable a GPS based people tracking method for locating a missing person. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein a "GPS Tracking Machine" with a 2-D GPS map monitor upgraded from the "Auto GPS Navigator" is used to send a GPS tracking request within the new PSU phone number dialing system to track the location of a missing person. 19. The system of claim 18 wherein the police version "GPS Tracking Machine" comprises a police badge reader and scanning reader for use by law enforcement agencies. 20. The system of claim 18 wherein the civilian version "GPS Tracking Machine" is designed for general public use and does not contain the police badge reader and scanning reader. 