The harvesting of energy credits due to the transformation of a real estate property. The transformation results in improved energy usage of the real estate property, resulting in energy credits being earned by the owner of the real estate property. The energy credits are obtained by monitoring the power usage of the real estate property before the transformation, and after the transformation. An entity other than the owner of the real estate property facilitates the transformation by providing products or instructions that help make the transformation, or perhaps even by the entity taking at least partially responsibility for making the transformation. In consideration for the facilitation of the transformation, the entity receives at least a portion of the energy credits that result from the transformation.
Claims 1. A method for generating an energy credit by transforming a real estate property, and severing the energy credit from the real estate property, the method comprising: an act of monitoring a power usage of a real estate property before a transformation of the real estate property is made; an act of an entity other than an owner of the real estate property at least facilitating the transformation of the real estate property, the transformation improving an energy efficiency of the property; an act of monitoring a power usage of the real estate property after making the transformation; an act determining an energy credit that results from the transformation based on the act of monitoring; and an act of the entity receiving at least a portion of the energy credit resulting from the transformation of the real estate property made by the entity. 2. The method in accordance with claim 1, further comprising an act of gathering data regarding the monitored power usage. 3. The method in accordance with claim 1, further comprising an act of reporting at least a portion of the gathered data to a third party other than the entity and other than the owner of the real estate property. 4. The method in accordance with claim 3, further comprising: an act of the third party using the at least a portion of the gathered data to present an offer to the owner of the real estate property. 5. The method in accordance with claim 1, wherein the transformation comprises installing one or more windows on the real estate property. 6. The method in accordance with claim 1, wherein the transformation comprises installing one or more furnaces on the real estate property. 7. The method in accordance with claim 1, wherein the transformation comprises installing a fireplace on the real estate property. 8. The method in accordance with claim 1, wherein the transformation comprises installing a roof on the real estate property. 9. The method in accordance with claim 1, wherein the transformation comprising installing solar panels on the real estate property. 10. The method in accordance with claim 1, wherein the act of monitoring a power usage of a real estate property comprises: an act of a power monitoring device installed into an electrical power system of the real estate property monitoring one or more parameters of the electrical power system over a period of time. 11. The method in accordance with claim 10, wherein the act of monitoring a power usage of a real estate property further comprises: an act of the power monitoring device reporting over a network information regarding at least one sample of the one or more parameters taken over the period of time. 12. The method in accordance with claim 11, wherein the act of determining an energy credit that results from the transformation is performed using at least in part a remote entity that uses the information reported by the power monitoring device. 13. The method in accordance with claim 12, wherein the remote entity uses a computing system to perform the act of determining the energy credit. 14. A method for transforming a real estate property and receiving payment for the transformation, the method comprising: an act of an entity other than an owner of the real estate property at least facilitating transformation of the real estate property, the transformation improving an energy efficiency of the property and resulting in an energy credit being issued to the owner of the real estate property; and an act of the entity receiving at least partial ownership in the energy credit that resulted from the transformation of the real estate property as partial consideration for the facilitation of the transformation of the real estate property. 15. A method in accordance with claim 14, wherein the facilitation of the real estate property comprises selling a product to the owner of the real estate property, wherein when the owner of the real estate properly uses the product on the real estate property, the energy efficiency of the property is improved. 16. The method in accordance with claim 14, further comprising: an act of the entity providing additional consideration to the owner in consideration for the at least partial ownership in the energy credit. 17. The method in accordance with claim 16, wherein the additional consideration comprises coupons. 18. The method in accordance with claim 16, wherein the additional consideration comprises money. 19. The method in accordance with claim 16, wherein the additional consideration comprises donations. 20. A method for transforming a real estate property and receiving payment for the transformation, the method comprising: an act of an entity other than an owner of the real estate property at least facilitating transformation of a real estate property, the transformation improving an energy efficiency of the property and resulting in an energy credit being issued to the owner of the real estate property; an act of the entity receiving at least partial ownership in the energy credit that resulted from the transformation of the real estate property as partial consideration for the transformation of the real estate property; an act of at least one of the following occurring as further consideration for the transformation of the real estate property: an act of the entity receiving transfer fee rights in the real estate property; and an act of the owner entering into an obligation secured by the real estate property to pay the entity. 21. The method in accordance with claim 20, wherein the method includes the act of the entity receiving transfer fee rights in the real estate property, but not the act of the owner entering into an obligation secured by the real estate property to pay the entity. 22. The method in accordance with claim 20, wherein the method includes the act of the owner entering into an obligation secured by the real estate property to pay the entity, but not the act of the entity receiving transfer fee rights in the real estate property. 23. The method in accordance with claim 20, wherein the method includes both the act of the owner entering an obligation secured by the real estate property to pay the entity, as well as the act the entity receiving transfer fee rights in the real estate property. 24. The method in accordance with claim 20, wherein the method does include at least the act of the entity receiving transfer fee rights in the real estate property, wherein the entity receives a transfer fee at a subsequent sale of the real estate property to another owner, the method further comprising: an act of the owner negotiating with a real estate broker involved or to be involved in the subsequent sale for the real estate broker to pay all or a portion of the transfer fee at the subsequent sale. 25. The method in accordance with claim 20, wherein the method does include at least the act of the entity receiving transfer fee rights in the real estate property, wherein the entity receives a transfer fee at a subsequent sale of the real estate property to another owner, the method further comprising: an act of the owner negotiating with a real estate broker involved or to be involved in the subsequent sale for the real estate broker to pay all of the transfer fee at the subsequent sale. 26. The method in accordance with claim 20, wherein the method does include at least the act of the entity receiving transfer fee rights in the real estate property, wherein the entity receives a transfer fee at a subsequent sale of the real estate property to another owner, the method further comprising: an act of the owner negotiating with a real estate broker involved or to be involved in the subsequent sale for the real estate broker to pay only a portion of the transfer fee at the subsequent sale. 27. The method in accordance with claim 20, wherein the transformation comprises installing one or more air conditioning units on the real estate property. 28. The method in accordance with claim 20, wherein the transformation comprises installing one or more programmable light switches on the real estate property. 29. The method in accordance with claim 20, wherein the transformation comprises installing one or more thermostats on the real estate property. 30. The method in accordance with claim 20, wherein the transformation comprises installing one or more energy generators on the real estate property. 31. The method in accordance with claim 30, wherein at least one of the one or more energy generators comprises a solar cell panel. 32. The method in accordance with claim 30, wherein at least one of the one or more energy generators comprises a wind turbine. 33. The method in accordance with claim 30, wherein at least one of the one or more energy generators comprises a ground heat pump. 34. The method in accordance with claim 30, wherein the transformation comprises installing a home automation system. 