Systems, devices, and methods are described for detecting an embolus, thrombus, or a deep vein thrombus in a biological subject.
Claims 1. An occlusion-monitoring system, comprising: a body structure configured for wear by a user; the body structure including an optical energy emitter component, the optical energy emitter component configured to emit optical energy to at least one blood vessel; and an optical energy sensor component, the optical energy sensor component configured to detect at least one of an emitted optical energy or a remitted optical energy from the at least one blood vessel, and to generate a first response based on a detected at least one of the emitted optical energy or the remitted optical energy; and one or more computer-readable memory media having blood vessel occlusion information configured as a data structure, the data structure including a characteristic spectral signature information section having at least one of: characteristic embolus spectral signature information representative of the presence of at least a partial occlusion in a blood vessel, characteristic arterial embolus spectral signature information representative of the presence of at least a partial occlusion in an artery, characteristic thrombus spectral signature information representative of at least a partial blood clot formation in a blood vessel, characteristic deep vein thrombus spectral signature information representative of at least a partial blood clot formation in a deep vein, or characteristic blood component spectral signature information. 2. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the blood vessel occlusion information includes one or more heuristically determined parameters associated with at least one in vivo or in vitro determined metric. 3. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, further comprising: one or more computer-readable memory media having inflammation spectral information configured as a data structure, the data structure including a spectral signature information section having one or more spectral parameters associated with at least one of an infection component, an inflammation component, an infective stress component, or a sepsis component. 4. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 2, wherein the one or more heuristically determined parameters include at least one of a threshold level or a target parameter. 5. (canceled) 6. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 2, wherein the one or more heuristically determined parameters include at least one of threshold embolus spectral signature information, threshold arterial embolus spectral signature information, threshold thrombus spectral signature information, or threshold deep vein thrombus spectral signature information. 7. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 2, wherein the one or more heuristically determined parameters include at least one of a heuristic protocol determined parameter or a heuristic algorithm determined parameter. 8. (canceled) 9. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 2, wherein the one or more heuristically determined parameters include one or more seed parameters for at least one of an occlusion spectral model, a blood spectral model, a fat spectral model, a muscle spectral model, or a bone spectral model. 10. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 2, wherein the one or more heuristically determined parameters include one or more seed parameters for at least one of a hair spectral model or a lymphatic system tissue spectral model. 11. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 2, wherein the one or more heuristically determined parameters include one or more seed parameters for a medical implant spectral model. 12. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the optical energy sensor component is configured to detect an emitted optical energy and a remitted optical energy, and to generate a first response based on a detected emitted optical energy and a detected remitted optical energy. 13. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the characteristic embolus spectral signature information includes at least one of a characteristic embolus absorption value indicative of an embolus absorption coefficient, a characteristic embolus extinction value indicative of an embolus extinction coefficient, or a characteristic embolus scattering value indicative of an embolus scattering coefficient. 14. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the characteristic embolus spectral signature information includes at least one of characteristic embolus absorption coefficient data, characteristic embolus extinction coefficient data, or characteristic embolus scattering coefficient data. 15. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the characteristic arterial embolus spectral signature information includes at least one of a characteristic arterial embolus absorption value indicative of an arterial embolus absorption coefficient, a characteristic arterial embolus extinction value indicative of an arterial embolus extinction coefficient, or a characteristic arterial embolus scattering value indicative of an arterial embolus scattering coefficient. 16. (canceled) 17. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the characteristic arterial embolus spectral signature information includes at least one spectral parameter associated with a peripheral artery occlusion. 18. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the characteristic thrombus spectral signature information includes at least one of a characteristic thrombus absorption value indicative of a thrombus absorption coefficient, a characteristic thrombus extinction value indicative of a thrombus extinction coefficient, or a characteristic thrombus scattering value indicative of a thrombus scattering coefficient. 19. (canceled) 20. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the characteristic deep vein thrombus spectral signature information includes at least one of a characteristic deep vein thrombus absorption value indicative of a deep vein thrombus absorption coefficient, a characteristic deep vein thrombus extinction value indicative of a deep vein thrombus extinction coefficient, or a characteristic deep vein thrombus scattering value indicative of a deep vein thrombus scattering coefficient. 21. (canceled) 22. (canceled) 23. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the blood vessel occlusion information configured as the data structure, further includes a data structure including a characteristic spectral signature information section having at least one of blood spectral signature information, fat spectral information, muscle spectral signature information, or a bone spectral signature information. 24. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the blood vessel occlusion information configured as the data structure, further includes a data structure including a characteristic spectral signature information section having lymphatic system tissue spectral signature information. 25. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the blood vessel occlusion information configured as the data structure, further includes a data structure including a characteristic spectral signature information section having hair spectral signature information. 26. (canceled) 27. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the occlusion-monitoring system is configured for removable attachment to a biological surface of the biological subject. 28. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, further comprising: a physical coupling element configured to removably-attach at least one of the optical energy emitter component or the optical energy sensor component to a biological surface of the biological subject. 29-32. (canceled) 33. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the optical energy emitter component is configured to direct an ex vivo generated pulsed optical energy along an optical path for a time sufficient to interact with one or more regions within the biological subject and for a time sufficient for a portion of the ex vivo generated pulsed optical energy to reach a portion of the optical energy sensor component that is in optical communication along the optical path. 34. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the optical energy emitter component is configured to direct a pulsed optical energy waveform along an optical path of a character and for a time sufficient to cause at least a portion of a tissue interrogated by the pulsed optical energy waveform to temporarily expand. 35. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the optical energy emitter component is configured to direct a pulsed optical energy stimulus along an optical path in an amount and for a time sufficient to elicit the formation of acoustic waves associated with changes in a biological mass present along the optical path. 36. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the optical energy emitter component is configured to generate one or more non-ionizing laser pulses in an amount and for a time sufficient to induce the formation of sound waves associated with changes in at least a partial embolism present along the optical path. 37. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the optical energy sensor component includes at least one of a thermal detector, a photovoltaic detector, or a photomultiplier detector. 38. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the optical energy sensor component includes at least one of a charge coupled device, a complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor device, a photodiode image sensor device, a Whispering Gallery Mode (WGM) micro cavity device, or a scintillation detector device. 39. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the optical energy sensor component includes one or more ultrasonic transducers. 40. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the optical energy sensor component includes at least one of a time-integrating optical component, a linear time-integrating component, a nonlinear optical component, or a temporal autocorrelating component. 41-46. (canceled) 47. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the first response includes at least one of a response signal, a real-time model parameter, a real-time model update parameter, a real-time model seed parameter, or a real-time occlusion formation model parameter. 48. (canceled) 49. (canceled) 50. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the first response includes at least one of a visual, audio, or a tactile representation of at least one of an embolus, thrombus, or a deep vein thrombus present in a region of a tissue proximate the optical energy sensor component 51. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the first response is a signal indicative of temporal pattern associated with a detected optical waveform. 52. (canceled) 53. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the first response includes at least one of an optical absorption spectrum, a photo-acoustic image, a thermo-acoustic imagine, or a photo-acoustic/thermo-acoustic tomographic image. 54. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the optical energy emitter component includes an ex vivo optical energy emitter component, and wherein the optical energy sensor component includes of an ex vivo optical energy sensor component. 55. The occlusion-monitoring system of claim 1, further comprising: a controller configured to compare the generated first response to the blood vessel occlusion information, and to generate a second response based on the comparison. 56. (canceled) 57. (canceled) 58. A monitoring device, comprising: means for emitting an interrogation energy to at least one blood vessel; means for detecting at least one of an emitted interrogation energy or a remitted interrogation energy associated with a blood vessel occlusion in the at least one blood vessel; and means for generating one or more heuristically determined parameters associated with at least one in vivo or in vitro determined metric. 59. The monitoring device of claim 58, further comprising: means for generating a response based on a comparison of a detected at least one of an emitted interrogation energy or a remitted interrogation energy to at least one heuristically determined parameter. 60. A method for optically detecting an embolus, thrombus, or a deep vein thrombus in a biological subject, comprising: comparing a detected optical energy absorption profile of a portion of a tissue within a biological subject to characteristic spectral signature information, the detected optical energy absorption profile including at least one of an emitted optical energy or a remitted optical energy; and electronically generating a response based on the comparison of the detected optical energy absorption profile to the characteristic spectral signature information. 61. The method of claim 60, wherein comparing the detected optical energy absorption profile includes comparing one or more parameters associated with the detected optical energy absorption profile to one or more information subsets associated with the characteristic spectral signature information. 62. The method of claim 60, wherein comparing the detected optical energy absorption profile includes executing at least one of a Spectral Clustering protocol or a Spectral Learning protocol operable to compare one or more parameters associated with the detected optical energy absorption profile to one or more information subsets associated with the characteristic spectral signature information. 63. The method of claim 60, wherein comparing the detected optical energy absorption profile includes executing at least one of a Fuzzy C-Means Clustering protocol, a Graph-Theoretic protocol, a Hierarchical Clustering protocol, a K-Means Clustering protocol, a Locality-Sensitive Hashing protocol, a Mixture of Gaussians protocol, a Model-Based Clustering protocol, a Cluster-Weighted Modeling protocol, an Expectations-Maximization protocol, a Principal Components Analysis protocol, or a Partitional protocol; configured to compare one or more parameters associated with the detected optical energy absorption profile to one or more information subsets associated with the characteristic spectral signature information. 64. The method of claim 60, further comprising: exposing a portion of a tissue within the biological subject to electromagnetic radiation from an optical energy emitter component prior to comparing the detected optical energy absorption profile; and detecting an optical energy absorption profile based at least in part on at least one of a transmitted electromagnetic radiation or a reflected electromagnetic radiation from the portion of the tissue. 65. (canceled) 66. (canceled) 67. The method of claim 60, wherein electronically generating the response includes generating at least one of a response signal, an absorption parameter, an extinction parameter, a scattering parameter, a comparison code, a comparison plot, a diagnostic code, a treatment code, a test code, or an alarm response based at least in part on the comparison of the detected optical energy absorption profile to the characteristic spectral signature information. 68. (canceled) 69. The method of claim 60, wherein electronically generating the response includes generating a visual representation indicative of a parameter associated with an embolus, thrombus, or a deep vein thrombus present in a region of a tissue proximate the optical energy sensor component. 70. (canceled) 71. A method for monitoring a biological subject for a condition associated with an obstructed blood vessel, comprising: automatically generating an optical energy spectral image profile of a region including a blood vessel; and comparing a value associated with the generated optical energy spectral image profile to characteristic spectral signature data; and automatically generating a response based at least in part on the comparison of the value associated with the generated optical energy spectral image profile to the characteristic spectral signature data. 72. The method of claim 71, wherein automatically generating the response includes generating at least one of a response signal, a control signal, a display, a comparison code, a comparison plot, a diagnostic code, a treatment code, a test code, or an alarm response. 73. (canceled) 74. The method of claim 71, wherein automatically generating the response includes generating at least one code indicative of a pulmonary embolus. 75. The method of claim 71, wherein automatically generating the response includes generating at least one code indicative of an ischemia. 76. (canceled) 77. The method of claim 71, wherein automatically generating the response includes generating at least one of a code indicative of an embolus, a code indicative of a location of an embolus, a code indicative of rate of change associated with at least one physical parameter associated with an embolus, or a code indicative of at least one dimension of an embolus. 78. The method of claim 71, wherein automatically generating the response includes generating at least one comparison code indicative of an occlusion aggregation rate. 79. The method of claim 71, wherein automatically generating the response includes electronically generating at least one of a response signal, a control signal, a display, a comparison code, a comparison plot, a diagnostic code, a treatment code, a test code, or an alarm response. 