An embodiment of a light powered transmitter configured for broadcasting an electromagnetic control field to a region is provided. The transmitter includes a housing having a longitudinal axis. The housing includes a photovoltaic cell configured to generate electrical power in response to light and a rechargeable power source configured to store at least a portion of the power generated by the photovoltaic cell. The housing also includes an electromagnetic transmitter and a directional antenna. The directional antenna can be configured to broadcast an electromagnetic (e.g., radio-frequency) control field to a region. The directional antenna can be rotatably mounted in the housing such that the antenna can be rotated around the longitudinal axis. The housing can further include a transparent or translucent optical element configured to receive the light and converge at least a portion of the light onto the photovoltaic cell.
Claims 1. (canceled) 2. A communication system for non-motorized carts, the system comprising: a transmitter configured to transmit a radio-frequency control signal to a region, the transmitter comprising: a housing; a solar panel disposed in a solar panel housing portion of the housing, the solar panel housing portion comprising an optical element that is substantially transparent to visible light and configured to transmit the visible light to the solar panel; a rechargeable power storage medium disposed in the housing, the rechargeable power storage medium configured to be recharged by the solar panel; and a directional antenna disposed in the housing, the directional antenna configured to be at least partially rotatable; a radio-frequency transmitter disposed in the housing, the radio-frequency transmitter electrically coupled to the directional antenna to transmit the radio frequency control signal, the radio frequency control signal producing a control field that defines a control region; a transceiver configured to be disposed on a non-motorized cart that is movable relative to the transmitter, the transceiver configured to detect the control signal when the transceiver is in the control field and to transmit a radio tracking signal in response to the control signal; and a controller configured to monitor an aspect of the non-motorized cart at least partly based on the tracking signal. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the control region can be adjusted by rotating the directional antenna. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the aspect comprises the location of the non-motorized cart. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the aspect comprises the length of time the non-motorized has been located in the vicinity of the control field. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the aspect comprises whether the non-motorized cart is located in the vicinity of another non-motorized cart. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the controller is further configured to provide a message to the transceiver. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the message comprises a command to activate an anti-theft system of the non-motorized cart. 9. The system of claim 7, wherein the message comprises a command to deactivate an anti-theft system of the non-motorized cart. 10. The system of claim 7, wherein the message comprises the location of the cart. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein a navigation system of the non-motorized cart is updated with the location of the cart. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the non-motorized cart comprises a shopping cart. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the transceiver is configured to be disposed in a wheel of the cart. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein the radio frequency control signal operates at about 2.4 GHz. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein the radio frequency control signal operates at about 900 MHz. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein the radio frequency control signal operates between about 800 MHz and about 900 MHz. 17. The system of claim 1, further comprising the cart. 18. A method of controlling non-motorized carts, the method comprising: transmitting a radio frequency control signal with an adjustable directional antenna coupled with a transmitter, the radio frequency control signal producing a control field, the transmitter and the directional antenna disposed in a housing; providing electrical power to the transmitter with a power storage medium; recharging the power storage medium with electrical power produced by a solar panel disposed in the housing; receiving the radio frequency control signal with when the transceiver is located in the control field, the transceiver positioned on a non-motorized cart; transmitting a tracking signal with the transceiver in response to the radio frequency control signal; determining, based at least in part on the tracking signal, the location of the non-motorized cart in relation to a restricted region; and generating a lock signal for an anti-theft system of the non-motorized cart if the cart is located in the restricted region. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising generating an unlock signal if the cart is not located in the restricted region or if the cart is moving away from the restricted region. 20. The method of claim 18, further comprising adjusting the control field by adjusting the directional antenna. 21. The method of claim 18, wherein the control field defines the restricted region. 22. The method of claim 18, further comprising updating a navigation system of the non-motorized cart with the radio frequency control signal. 