Systems, methods and apparatus are provided through which in some embodiments an autonomic entity manages a system by generating one or more stay alive signals based on the functioning status and operating state of the system. In some embodiments, an evolvable synthetic neural system is operably coupled to one or more evolvable synthetic neural systems in a hierarchy. The evolvable neural interface receives and generates heartbeat monitor signals and pulse monitor signals that are used to generate a stay alive signal that is used to mange the operations of the synthetic neural system. In another embodiment an asynchronous Alice signal (Autonomic license) requiring valid credentials of an anonymous autonomous agent is initiated. An unsatisfactory Alice exchange may lead to self-destruction of the anonymous autonomous agent for self-protection.
Claims 1. A method for managing a system based on its functioning status and operating state, the method comprising: generating one or more stay-alive signals based on the functioning status and operating state of the system. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein at least one stay-alive signal is based on processing received signals from the system indicative of the functioning status and operating state to obtain an analysis of the condition of the system. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the functioning status of the system is one or more on signal, off signal, active signal, or inactive signal. 4. The method of claim 2, wherein the operating state of the system is one or more urgency signal, reflex signal, environmental condition, or event condition. 5. The method of claim 2, wherein a stay-alive signal is one or more withdrawing of a stay-alive signal, initiate a self-destruct sequence, or continue to stay alive. 6. The method of claim 4, wherein an event condition is one or more incorrect operation, emergent behavior, failure to perform self healing, or likelihood of jeopardizing primary objectives. 7. An autonomic system comprising: a plurality of autonomic agents performing one or more programmed tasks; a coordinating autonomic agent for assigning programmed tasks and for issuing instructions to the plurality of autonomic agents; a messenger autonomic agent for facilitating communication between the coordinating autonomic agent, plurality of autonomic agents, and a remote system; wherein one or more programmed tasks performed by the plurality of autonomic agents is generating signals indicative of functioning status and operating state; and wherein the coordinating autonomic agent is based on the generated signals and emits a stay alive signal to one or more of the plurality of autonomic agents. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the generated stay-alive signal is based on processing the received signals to obtain an analysis of the condition of the system. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the functioning status of the system is one or more on signal, off signal, active signal, or inactive signal. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the operating state of the system is one or more urgency signal, reflex signal, environnemental condition, or event condition. 11. The system of claim 8, wherein a stay-alive signal is one or more withdrawing of a stay-alive signal, initiate a self-destruct sequence, or continue to stay alive. 12. The system of claim 10, wherein an event condition is one or more incorrect operation, emergent behavior, failure to perform self healing, or likelihood of jeopardizing primary objectives. 13. An autonomous nanotechnology swarm comprising: a first worker composed of self-similar autonomic components; a second worker composed of self-similar autonomic components; a third worker composed of self-similar autonomic components; wherein the third worker facilitates communication between the first worker and the second worker; wherein the first worker generates a heartbeat monitor signal and pulse monitor signal; and wherein the second worker generates a stay alive signal based on the generated heartbeat monitor signal and pulse monitor signal from the first worker. 14. The autonomous nanotechnology swarm of claim 13, wherein each worker further comprises: a plurality of neural basis functions; and an evolvable neural interface operably coupled to each of the plurality of neural basis functions. 15. The autonomous nanotechnology swarm of claim 13, wherein each worker further comprises: a solar sail subset of neural basis functions operable to control sail deployment and configuration; a spacecraft intercommunication subset of neural basis functions operable to control communication with other workers; a housekeeping subset of neural basis functions operable to control spacecraft housekeeping; a ruler subset of neural basis functions operable to coordinate activities; and a spacecraft navigation and propulsion subset of neural basis functions operable to control navigation and propulsion. 16. The autonomous nanotechnology swarm of claim 13, wherein the operating state of the swarm is indicated by one or more urgency signal, reflex signal, environmental condition, or event condition. 17. The autonomous nanotechnology swarm of claim 16, wherein a stay alive signal is one or more withdrawing of a stay-alive signal, initiate a self-destruct sequence, or continue to stay alive. 18. A computer-accessible medium having executable instructions to construct an environment to satisfy increasingly demanding external requirements, the executable instructions capable of directing a processor to perform: instantiating an embryonic evolvable neural interface; and evolving the embryonic evolvable neural interface towards complex complete connectivity; wherein the evolvable neural interface receives one or more heartbeat monitor signal, pulse monitor signal, or command signals; and wherein the evolvable neural interface generates one or more heartbeat monitor signal, pulse monitor signal, or command signals. 19. The computer-accessible medium of claim 18, wherein the embryonic evolvable neural interface further comprises: a neural thread possessing primitive and minimal connectivity. 20. The computer-accessible medium of claim 18, wherein the generated command signal is a stay-alive signal. 21. The computer-accessible medium of claim 20, wherein the generated command signal is based on a combination of a heartbeat monitor signal and a pulse monitor signal; and wherein the stay alive signal is one or more withdrawing of a stay-alive signal, initiate a self-destruct sequence, or continue to stay alive. 22. A method for protecting an autonomic system when encountering one or more anonymous autonomic agent, the method comprising: sending an Alice signal to the anonymous autonomic agent; monitoring the response of the anonymous autonomic agent to the Alice signal; and determining the anonymous autonomic agent potential for causing harm to the autonomic system. 23. The method of claim 22, the method further comprising: controlling the autonomic system based on the anonymous autonomic agent potential for causing harm to the autonomic system. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein an Alice signal includes a request for the anonymous autonomic agent to present valid credentials. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein valid credentials comprise a valid and justified reason for being there, response in an appropriate format, and response within a timeout period. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein the anonymous autonomic agent is potentially harmful if it fails to provide one or more valid credentials 27. The method of claim 23, wherein controlling the autonomic system includes blocking the anonymous autonomic agent from accessing certain resources. 28. The method of claim 27, wherein controlling the autonomic system includes generating a self-destruct signal to the anonymous autonomic agent. 29. The method of claim 26, wherein controlling the autonomic system is withdrawing the anonymous autonomic agent stay-alive reprieve. 30. A computer-accessible medium having executable instructions to protect an autonomic system when encountering one or more anonymous autonomic agent, the executable instructions capable of directing a processor to perform: sending an Alice signal to an anonymous autonomic agent; monitoring the response of the anonymous autonomic agent to the Alice signal; and determining the anonymous autonomic agent potential for causing harm to the autonomic system. 31. The computer-accessible medium of claim 30, wherein the excutable instructions are capable of directing a processor to perform: controlling the autonomic system based on the anonymous autonomic agent potential for causing harm to the autonomic system; wherein an Alice signal includes a request for the anonymous autonomic agent to present valid credentials; wherein valid credentials comprises a valid and justified reason for being there, response in an appropriate format, and response within a timeout period; and wherein the anonymous autonomic agent is potentially harmful if it fails to provide valid credentials. 32. The computer-accessible medium of claim 31, wherein controlling the autonomic system includes: blocking the anonymous autonomic agent from accessing certain resources; and generating a self-destruct signal to the anonymous autonomic agent. 33. The computer-accessible medium of claim 31, wherein controlling the autonomic system includes withdrawing an anonymous autonomic agent stay-alive reprieve. 34. A computer system for protecting an autonomic system when encountering one or more anonymous autonomic agent comprising: a processor; a storage device coupled to the processor; and software operative on the processor for: (i) sending an Alice signal to the anonymous autonomic agent; (ii) monitoring the response of the anonymous autonomic agent to the Alice signal; and (iii) determining the anonymous autonomic agent potential for causing harm to the autonomic system. 35. The system of claim 34, the software further causing the processor to: control the autonomic system based on the anonymous autonomic agent potential for causing harm to the autonomic system; wherein an Alice signal includes a request for the anonymous autonomic agent to present valid credentials; wherein valid credentials comprises a valid and justified reason for being there, response in an appropriate format, and response within a timeout period; and wherein the anonymous autonomic agent is potentially harmful if it fails to provide valid credentials. 36. The system of claim 35, wherein controlling the autonomic system includes blocking the anonymous autonomic agent from accessing certain resources; and generating a self destruct signal to the anonymous autonomic agent. 37. The system of claim 35, wherein controlling the autonomic system includes withdrawing an anonymous autonomic agent stay-alive reprieve. 