Disclosed are embodiments of heat pump systems and methods for operating such systems in the heating mode while a heat pump operating parameter reaches or is equal to a predetermined operating value at which it is not advisable to use conventional heat pump systems for heating an enclosed structure. In addition to ancillary components, the heat pump systems includes indoor, outdoor and auxiliary heat exchangers, reversing and flow diverting valves, compressors, refrigerant superheat controllers, and auxiliary energy sources. During the heating mode of operation, while the heat pump operating parameter reaches or is equal to the predetermined operating value, the flow of liquid refrigerant through the outdoor heat exchangers is inhibited and is diverted to flow through the auxiliary heat exchangers. Thermal energy from the auxiliary energy source is used for evaporating the liquid refrigerant flowing through the auxiliary heat exchangers.
Claims 1. A method for operating a heat pump system comprising: one or more indoor heat exchangers; one or more compressors; one or more refrigerant superheat controllers; one or more reversing valves; one or more outdoor heat exchangers, each paired with an auxiliary heat exchanger; and one or more auxiliary energy sources; the method comprising: determining a heat pump operating parameter; determining if each outdoor heat exchanger is configured for a heating or cooling mode of operation; once the heat pump operating parameter has reached a predetermined operating value: inhibiting a flow of refrigerant through each outdoor heat exchanger that is configured for the heating mode of operation; and enabling said flow of refrigerant to pass through each corresponding paired auxiliary heat exchanger; and activating the one or more auxiliary energy sources when said flow of refrigerant through any one or more auxiliary heat exchangers is enabled, thereby exchanging thermal energy between the activated auxiliary energy source(s) and refrigerant flowing through one or more auxiliary heat exchangers. 2. The method of claim 1, comprising inhibiting defrost operation for each outdoor heat exchanger through which said flow of refrigerant has been inhibited. 3. The method of claim 1, comprising operating the activated auxiliary energy source(s) so as to maintain at a predetermined temperature each auxiliary heat exchanger having said flow of refrigerant passing therethrough. 4. The method of claim 3, comprising overriding a measured outdoor air temperature and setting it equal to the predetermined temperature. 5. The method of claim 3, comprising changing the predetermined temperature from a default setting of 60 degrees Fahrenheit (15.6 degrees Celsius). 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the one or more auxiliary energy sources is/are selected from the group consisting of warm water loop, cold water loop, geothermal, solar, ground source, wind, electrical resistance heater, induction heater, and impedance heater. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the heat pump operating parameter is selected from the group consisting of outdoor air dry-bulb temperature, outdoor air wet-bulb temperature, outdoor air dew-point temperature, outdoor air relative humidity, outdoor air humidity ratio, outdoor air enthalpy, heat pump coefficient of performance, heat pump energy efficiency ratio, operating speed of each compressor, and any combination thereof. 8. The method of claim 1, comprising: determining an outdoor air temperature; using the outdoor air temperature as the heat pump operating parameter; and setting the predetermined operating value equal to a minimum outdoor air temperature. 9. The method of claim 8, comprising changing the minimum outdoor air temperature from a default setting of 5 degrees Fahrenheit (-15 degrees Celsius). 10. The method of claim 1, comprising changing the predetermined operating value from a default value. 11. The method of claim 1, comprising: pairing first and second flow diverting valves with each paired set of outdoor and auxiliary heat exchangers; and operating the first and the second flow diverting valves to define a refrigerant flow path through each paired set of outdoor and auxiliary heat exchangers; wherein the step of inhibiting said flow of refrigerant through one or more outdoor heat exchangers and the step of enabling said flow of refrigerant to pass through each corresponding paired auxiliary heat exchanger involves positioning the first and second flow diverting valves so as to define the refrigerant flow path through each corresponding paired auxiliary heat exchanger, thereby isolating the paired outdoor heat exchanger by blocking the refrigerant flow path therethrough. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein said determining if each outdoor heat exchanger is configured for the heating or cooling mode of operation comprises: monitoring a position of each of the one or more reversing valves that are in fluid communication with an outdoor heat exchanger; determining if each such monitored reversing valve is positioned for the heating or cooling mode of operation; and for each such reversing valve that is positioned for the heating mode of operation, designating the outdoor heat exchanger in fluid communication therewith as being configured for the heating mode of operation. 13. The method of claim 1, comprising varying a volume of refrigerant flowing through the heat pump system while operating. 14. The method of claim 1, comprising varying a heating capacity and a cooling capacity of the heat pump system while operating. 15. A method for operating a heat pump system comprising: one or more indoor heat exchangers; one or more compressors; one or more refrigerant superheat controllers; one or more reversing valves; one or more outdoor heat exchangers; and an auxiliary system comprising: one or more auxiliary energy sources; one or more first flow diverting valves; one or more second flow diverting valves; and one or more auxiliary heat exchangers, each paired with a set of the first and second flow diverting valves and with one of the outdoor heat exchangers; the method comprising: determining a heat pump operating parameter; determining if each outdoor heat exchanger is configured for a heating or cooling mode of operation; once the heat pump operating parameter has reached a predetermined operating value: inhibiting a flow of refrigerant through each outdoor heat exchanger that is configured for the heating mode of operation; and enabling said flow of refrigerant to pass through each corresponding paired auxiliary heat exchanger; and activating the one or more auxiliary energy sources when said flow of refrigerant through any one or more auxiliary heat exchangers is enabled, thereby exchanging thermal energy between the activated auxiliary energy source(s) and refrigerant flowing through one or more auxiliary heat exchangers. 16. The method of claim 15, comprising inhibiting defrost operation for each outdoor heat exchanger through which said flow of refrigerant has been inhibited. 17. The method of claim 15, comprising operating the activated auxiliary energy source(s) so as to maintain at a predetermined temperature each auxiliary heat exchanger having said flow of refrigerant passing therethrough. 18. The method of claim 17, comprising overriding a measured outdoor air temperature and setting it equal to the predetermined temperature. 19. The method of claim 17, comprising changing the predetermined temperature from a default setting of 60 degrees Fahrenheit (15.6 degrees Celsius). 20. The method of claim 15, wherein the one or more auxiliary energy sources is/are selected from the group consisting of warm water loop, cold water loop, geothermal, solar, ground source, wind, electrical resistance heater, induction heater, and impedance heater. 21. The method of claim 15, wherein the heat pump operating parameter is selected from the group consisting of outdoor air dry-bulb temperature, outdoor air wet-bulb temperature, outdoor air dew-point temperature, outdoor air relative humidity, outdoor air humidity ratio, outdoor air enthalpy, heat pump coefficient of performance, heat pump energy efficiency ratio, operating speed of each compressor, and any combination thereof. 22. The method of claim 15, comprising: determining an outdoor air temperature; using the outdoor air temperature as the heat pump operating parameter; and setting the predetermined operating value equal to a minimum outdoor air temperature. 23. The method of claim 22, comprising changing the minimum outdoor air temperature from a default setting of 5 degrees Fahrenheit (-15 degrees Celsius). 24. The method of claim 15, comprising changing the predetermined operating value from a default value. 25. The method of claim 15, comprising operating the first and second flow diverting valves to define a refrigerant flow path through each paired set of outdoor and auxiliary heat exchangers, wherein the step of inhibiting said flow of refrigerant through one or more outdoor heat exchangers and the step of enabling said flow of refrigerant to pass through each corresponding paired auxiliary heat exchanger involves positioning the first and second flow diverting valves so as to define the refrigerant flow path through each corresponding paired auxiliary heat exchanger, thereby isolating the paired outdoor heat exchanger by blocking the refrigerant flow path therethrough. 26. The method of claim 15, wherein said determining if each outdoor heat exchanger is configured for the heating or cooling mode of operation comprises: monitoring a position of each of the one or more reversing valves that are in fluid communication with an outdoor heat exchanger; determining if each such monitored reversing valve is positioned for the heating or cooling mode of operation; and for each such reversing valve that is positioned for the heating mode of operation, designating the outdoor heat exchanger in fluid communication therewith as being configured for the heating mode of operation. 27. The method of claim 15, comprising varying a volume of refrigerant flowing through the heat pump system while operating. 28. The method of claim 15, comprising varying a heating capacity and a cooling capacity of the heat pump system while operating. 29. A heat pump system comprising: one or more indoor heat exchangers; one or more compressors; one or more refrigerant superheat controllers; one or more reversing valves; one or more outdoor heat exchangers, each paired with an auxiliary heat exchanger; and one or more auxiliary energy sources; the heat pump system operable to: inhibit a flow of refrigerant through each outdoor heat exchanger that is configured for a heating mode of operation, and enable said flow of refrigerant to pass through each corresponding paired auxiliary heat exchanger once the heat pump operating parameter has reached a predetermined operating value; and activate the one or more auxiliary energy sources when said flow of refrigerant through any one or more auxiliary heat exchangers is enabled, thereby exchanging thermal energy between the activated auxiliary energy source(s) and refrigerant flowing through one or more auxiliary heat exchangers. 30. The heat pump system of claim 29, wherein the system is operable to inhibit defrost operation for each outdoor heat exchanger through which said flow of refrigerant has been inhibited. 31. The heat pump system of claim 29, wherein the activated auxiliary energy source(s) is/are operable to maintain at a predetermined temperature each auxiliary heat exchanger having said flow of refrigerant passing therethrough. 32. The heat pump system of claim 31, wherein a measured outdoor temperature is set equal to the predetermined temperature. 33. The heat pump system of claim 31, wherein the predetermined temperature is changeable from a default setting of 60 degrees Fahrenheit (15.6 degrees Celsius). 34. The heat pump system of claim 29, wherein the one or more auxiliary energy sources is/are selected from the group consisting of warm water loop, cold water loop, geothermal, solar, ground source, wind, electrical resistance heater, induction heater, and impedance heater. 35. The heat pump system of claim 29, wherein the heat pump operating parameter is selected from the group consisting of outdoor air dry-bulb temperature, outdoor air wet-bulb temperature, outdoor air dew-point temperature, outdoor air relative humidity, outdoor air humidity ratio, outdoor air enthalpy, heat pump coefficient of performance, heat pump energy efficiency ratio, operating speed of each compressor, and any combination thereof. 36. The heat pump system of claim 29, wherein the heat pump operating parameter is an outdoor air temperature; and the predetermined operating value is a minimum outdoor air temperature at which said flow of refrigerant is inhibited through each outdoor heat exchanger and enabled through each corresponding paired auxiliary heat exchanger. 37. The heat pump system of claim 36, wherein the minimum outdoor air temperature is changeable from a default setting of 5 degrees Fahrenheit (-15 degrees Celsius). 38. The heat pump system of claim 29, wherein the predetermined operating value is changeable from a default value. 39. The heat pump system of claim 29, comprising: one or more first flow diverting valves; and one or more second flow diverting valves; wherein each of the first and second flow diverting valves are: paired with a set of the paired outdoor and auxiliary heat exchangers; and operable to define a refrigerant flow path so as to direct said flow of refrigerant selectively through either the paired outdoor heat exchanger or the paired auxiliary heat exchanger. 40. The heat pump system of claim 29, wherein each outdoor heat exchanger is isolated when said flow of refrigerant is diverted so as to flow through the paired auxiliary heat exchanger. 41. The heat pump system of claim 29, wherein each outdoor heat exchanger is in the heating mode of operation if each reversing valves in fluid communication therewith is positioned for the heating mode of operation. 42. The heat pump system of claim 29, comprising a variable refrigerant volume heat pump. 43. The heat pump system of claim 29, comprising a variable heating and cooling capacity heat pump. 44. The heat pump system of claim 29, comprising a variable refrigerant flow heat pump. 