A beam power source transmits a signal indicating power availability, receives a request for power in response, and beams power in response to the request.
Claims 1. A system for supplying beamed power, comprising: a power beaming unit configured to supply power to a receiving unit in the form of a power beam; a guard beaming unit configured to produce a guard beam configured to substantially surround the power beam; and a detection unit configured to recognize an imminent impingement on the power beam, the detection unit including: a receiver configured to receive a guard beam reflected from the receiving unit; and decision circuitry configured to determine that the reflected guard beam has been interrupted and to direct the power beaming unit to modulate the power beam. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein modulating the power beam includes suspending the power beam. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein modulating the power beam includes terminating the power beam. 4. The system of claim 1, further comprising a beam combiner configured to combine the power beam and the guard beam in a substantially collinear arrangement. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the guard beam is substantially cylindrical. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the guard beam includes a plurality of beams arranged around the power beam. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the guard beam is configured to scan an area substantially surrounding the power beam. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the guard beam includes a plurality of substantially concentric beams. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the guard beaming unit is configured to produce a guard beam by reflecting energy from a retroreflector array located at the receiving unit. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the guard beaming unit is configured to produce the guard beam by reflecting fringes of the power beam. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the guard beam differs in wavelength, polarity, modulation, or character from the power beam. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the decision unit is configured to determine a characteristic of an object impinging on the guard beam. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the characteristic of the object is selected from the group consisting of speed, direction, size, shape, and composition. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein the guard beam is electromagnetic. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein the guard beam is acoustic. 16. The system of claim 1, further comprising a beam optimization unit configured to use information received from the receiver to adjust a power beam characteristic. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the beam optimization unit is configured to adjust a beam spot size, shape, power, intensity, or power-time profile. 18. The system of claim 1, wherein the power beaming unit is configured to beam power within an enclosed space. 19. The system of claim 1, wherein the power beaming unit is configured to beam power directly to the receiving unit. 20. The system of claim 1, wherein the power beaming unit is configured to beam power to a beam-directing element configured to redirect the power to the receiving unit. 21. The system of claim 1, wherein the power beaming unit is configured to gradually increase an amount of power beamed from the power beaming unit. 22. The system of claim 1, wherein the power beaming unit is configured to beam electromagnetic power. 23. The system of claim 22, wherein the electromagnetic power has an optical frequency. 24. The system of claim 22, wherein the electromagnetic power has an RF frequency. 25. The system of claim 1, wherein the power beaming unit includes a laser that generates a power beam. 26. The system of claim 1, wherein the power beaming unit is configured to beam pulsed power. 27. The system of claim 1, wherein the power beaming unit is configured to beam power continuously. 28. A system for supplying beamed power, comprising: a power beaming unit configured to supply power to a receiving unit in the form of a power beam; a guard beaming unit configured to produce a guard beam configured to substantially surround the power beam; and a detection unit configured to recognize an imminent impingement on the power beam, the detection unit including: a receiver configured to receive a guard beam reflected from the receiving unit; and decision circuitry configured to determine that the reflected guard beam has been interrupted and to direct the power beaming unit to reroute the power beam. 29.-55. (canceled) 56. A method for supplying beamed power, comprising: directing a composite power beam toward a receiving unit, the composite power beam including a main power beam and a guard beam substantially surrounding the main power beam; receiving a reflection of at least a portion of the composite power beam from the receiving unit, the reflection including a reflection of at least a portion of the guard beam; monitoring the received reflection to identify an impingement on the guard beam; and modulating at least the main power beam. 57.-82. (canceled) 83. A method for supplying beamed power, comprising: directing a composite power beam toward a receiving unit, the composite power beam including a main power beam and a guard beam substantially surrounding the main power beam; receiving a reflection of at least a portion of the composite power beam from the receiving unit, the reflection including a reflection of at least a portion of the guard beam; monitoring the received reflection to identify an impingement on the guard beam; and rerouting the composite power beam. 84.-110. (canceled) 111. A receiving unit for receiving a power beam, comprising: an aperture including a power converter configured to convert the power beam to another form; and a plurality of retroreflectors arranged about the aperture configured to retroreflect at least a portion of the power beam. 112. The receiving unit of claim 111, wherein the power converter is a photoreceptor. 113. The receiving unit of claim 112, wherein the photoreceptor is a photovoltaic cell. 114. The receiving unit of claim 112, wherein the photoreceptor is a photodiode. 115. The receiving unit of claim 112, wherein the photoreceptor is a charge-coupled device. 116. The receiving unit of claim 111, wherein the power converter is an electroacoustic transducer. 