Systems and methods for facilitating trading of emission allowances and offsets among participants are described. In some embodiments, methods of facilitating such trading include establishing an emissions reduction schedule for certain participants based on emissions information provided by those participants and determining debits or credits for each participant in order to achieve the reduction schedule.
Claims 1. A computer-implemented method of promoting the reduction of emissions comprising: registering participants voluntarily with an established entity; establishing an emission reduction schedule for a set future period of time, including several years, for each registered participant that produces emissions based on emissions information over previous years provided by each registered participant; establishing tradable financial instruments, including emission allowances, emission offsets, and credits; issuing tradable emission allowances to each registered participant based on the established reduction schedule; collecting emissions data for each registered participant; comparing the collected emissions data with the corresponding data in the established reduction schedule for each registered participant; based on the comparing step, determining debits or credits for each registered participant; and based on the determining step, if the registered participant's emissions exceed the corresponding data in the established reduction schedule, debiting each registered participant a quantity of tradable financial instruments, thereby penalizing the registered participant, wherein the registered participant is required to purchase tradable financial instruments to achieve compliance with the reduction schedule; and based on the determining step, if the registered participant's emissions are below the corresponding data in the established reduction schedule, crediting each registered participant a quantity of tradable financial instruments, thereby rewarding the registered participant, wherein the registered participant can trade or bank those tradable financial instruments. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the registered participants further comprise environmental benefactors, the registered participants that produce emissions comprise voluntary greenhouse (GHG) emission reducers and the method further comprises conducting trades over the internet between the environmental benefactors and voluntary GHG emission reducers. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the voluntary GHG emission reducers comprise industrial entities, the environmental benefactors comprise non-industrial entities, and the voluntary GHG emission reducers obtain at least some of their tradable financial instruments from the environmental benefactors. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the non-industrial entities comprise (a) foresters, farmers, or others who prepare land for facilitating prevention of GHG emissions or for capturing and storing carbon or carbon dioxide, or (b) businesses including law firms, advertising agencies, banks, shopping centers or other businesses that are capable of exerting control over utility or transportation uses in order to reduce or conserve such uses to reduce GHG emissions caused by generation of power or electricity for providing such uses. 5. The method of claim 3, further comprising providing credits to environmental benefactors who conduct activities that include planting trees; keeping carbon released by plants in the soil; reducing electricity consumption; reducing business travel; removing pollutants from streams, lakes, landfills, or other environmentally unfriendly areas; purchasing environmentally friendly products; or recycling, thus facilitating trading of tradeable financial instruments by the environmental benefactors with the voluntary GHG emission reducers. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the establishment of the emission reduction schedule comprises creating an emission reduction baseline based on actual emissions and obtaining the registered participants' agreement to meet the reduction schedule by obtaining tradable financial instruments. 7. The method of claim 6, further comprising adjusting the baseline due to changing emission factors. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the determination of debits or credits comprises consideration of the registered participant's use of alternative energy sources. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the determination of debits or credits comprises consideration of the registered participant's activities prior to its registration with the established entity. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the activities comprise one or more of reforestation, assisted forest regeneration, avoided deforestation, fuel switching, landfill methane destruction, and renewable energy generation from solar, wind, small hydroelectric and biomass systems. 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising establishing emission monitoring rules that designate which activities count toward emissions. 12. The method of claim 1, further comprising independently verifying that the registered participants are properly providing the emissions data to achieve emission reductions according to the established reduction schedule. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein participation by the registered participants is across multiple countries and trading is conducted over the internet. 14. The method of claim 1, further comprising computing tradable carbon financial instruments for the registered participants based on an energy consumption or conservation activity. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the energy consumption or conservation source activities include at least one of: power generation activities, transportation activities, and non-transportation activities, in which each transportation activity is related to an energy source consumed during transportation and is associated with selectable activity units that include one or more of: units of transportation fuel consumed during transportation and units of distance traveled during transportation, optionally modified by fuel efficiency values, and in which each non-transportation energy activity is related to an energy source consumed independent of transportation and is associated with selectable activity units that include one or more of: units of energy consumed during production of a product, units of a feedstock consumed during production of a product, units of a product produced, units of a product consumed, units of energy consumed during operation of an office facility, and units of office space occupied by an office facility. 16. A computer-implemented system for promoting the reduction of emissions comprising a processor, wherein the processor is configured to: register participants voluntarily with an established entity; establish an emission reduction schedule for a set future period of time, including several years, for each registered participant that produces emissions based on emissions information over previous years provided by each registered participant; establish tradable financial instruments, including emission allowances, emission offsets, and credits; issue tradable emission allowances to each registered participant based on the established reduction schedule; collect emissions data for each registered participant; compare the collected emissions data with the corresponding data in the established reduction schedule; based on the comparison, determine debits or credits for each registered participant for each year of that period of time; and based on the determination, if the registered participant's emissions exceed the corresponding data in the established reduction schedule, debit each registered participant a quantity of tradable financial instruments, thereby penalizing the registered participant, wherein the registered participant is required to purchase tradable financial instruments to achieve compliance with the established reduction schedule; or based on the determination, if the registered participant's emissions are below the corresponding data in the established reduction schedule, credit each registered participant a quantity of tradable financial instruments, thereby rewarding the registered participant, wherein the registered participant can trade or bank those tradable financial instruments. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the registered participants comprise environmental benefactors, the registered participants that produce emissions comprise voluntary GHG emission reducers, the tradable financial instruments represent emission reduction amounts based on the emissions information or activities of the environmental benefactors, and the processor is further configured to conduct trades of the tradable financial instruments between the environmental benefactors and the voluntary GHG reducers to enable each registered participant that produces emissions to achieve its reduction schedule. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein the processor is further configured to provide registered participants with tradable early action credits or renewable energy certificates to provide for long term planning to achieve emission reductions according to the established reduction schedule, and is configured to conduct trades of such credits or certificates over the internet 