The present invention provides numerous methods, systems and apparatus that use a novel form of water budgeting technology for water conservation without the use of complex ET (Evapotranspiration) data or methods. Embodiments include incorporating the technology directly into irrigation controllers, into modules added on to existing controllers, or into central units that broadcast a water budget that can alter the schedules of one, many, or selected groups of remotely located controllers or modules. The various methods of the present invention offer the choice of adjusting the station run times, accumulating the water budgets, altering the watering intervals, and/or combining the present water budgeting technology with local watering communities' restricted watering schedules. The result offers residential, commercial, and municipal users a wide range of practical choices for effective water conservation in landscape irrigation with temperature based water budgeting.
Claims 1. A method for conserving irrigation water comprising the steps of: a. producing a water budget ratio using a measured high temperature for a current time period and non-evapotranspiration based geo-environmental data for a location; b. changing at least one irrigation schedule using said ratio. 2. The method of claim 1 comprising the additional step of modifying said water budget ratio based on the input from at least one environmental sensor. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein said at least one environmental sensor is selected form the group of: precipitation, solar, wind, humidity, and combination thereof. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein said at least one irrigation schedule is changed by multiplying at least one watering time period by said ratio. 5. A method for conserving irrigation water comprising the steps of: a. establishing a watering threshold; b. producing periodic water budget ratios for a location using measured high temperatures for current time periods at said location and non-evapotranspiration based geo-environmental data for said location; c. accumulating said periodic water budget ratios over time; and d. allowing watering to take place when said accumulated ratios reach said threshold. 6. A method for conserving irrigation water comprising the steps of: a. establishing a watering threshold; b. producing periodic water budget ratios for a location using measured high temperatures for current time periods at said location and non-evapotranspiration based geo-environmental data for said location; c. accumulating said periodic water budget ratios over time until said threshold is reached; d. at such time that said threshold is reached, determining whether watering is allowed; and e. allowing watering to take place when both (i) said accumulated ratios have at least reached said threshold and (ii) watering is allowed. 7. A method for conserving irrigation water comprising the steps of: a. producing a periodic water budget ratio for a location using a measured high temperature for a current time period at said location and non-evapotranspiration based geo-environmental data for said location; b. calculating a watering interval using said water budget ratio; c. preventing irrigation until said watering interval is reached. 8. The method of claim 7 comprising the additional step of resetting said accumulated ratio after irrigation has taken place. 9. A method of altering a schedule of at least one electronically operated irrigation valve comprising the steps of: a. establishing a cumulative watering budget ratio threshold; b. calculating periodic water budget ratios by comparing stored geo-environmental data with current non-evapotranspiration geo-environmental data; c. accumulating said periodic water budget ratios until said threshold is reached; d. allowing irrigation to occur according to said accumulated ratios when said threshold is reached. 10. A method of altering a schedule of at least one electronically operated irrigation valve comprising the steps of: a. establishing a cumulative watering budget ratio threshold; b. calculating periodic water budget ratios by comparing stored geo-environmental data with current non-evapotranspiration geo-environmental data; c. accumulating said periodic water budget ratios until said threshold is reached; d. determining whether the time said threshold is reached is an allowed watering time; e. preventing irrigation and continuing to accumulate said ratios if said time is not an allowed watering time; and g. allowing irrigation to occur according to said accumulated ratios when said threshold has been reached and an allowed watering time has been reached. 11. A method of affecting an irrigation schedule comprising the steps of: a. installing a programmable module between an irrigation controller and at least one electronically operated valve; b. programming said module with a schedule of allowed watering times; and c. disabling said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed. 12. The method of claim 12 wherein said module is provided with programming to calculate a water budget ratio in said module without using evapotranspiration data. 13. The method of claim 12 comprising the additional steps of attaching an environmental sensor to said module, and providing programming to disable said at least one valve based on input from said sensor. 14. A method of affecting an irrigation schedule of a controller comprising the steps of: a. installing a programmable module between said controller and at least one electronically operated valve associated therewith, said module being in communication with at least one environmental sensor; b. programming said module with a schedule of allowed watering times; c. calculating a water budget ratio in said module without using evapotranspiration data; d. adjusting said irrigation schedule according to said water budget ratio; and e. disabling said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed. 15. A method of affecting a watering schedule of at least one irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. providing a schedule of allowed watering times to a central broadcasting unit; b. communicating a signal from said unit to at least one module provided between said at least one controller and at least one irrigation valve associated therewith; and c. said controller disabling said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed according to said signal. 16. A method of affecting a watering schedule of at least one irrigation controller having at least one irrigation valve associated therewith comprising the steps of: a. providing a schedule of allowed watering times to a central broadcasting unit; b. communicating a signal from said unit to said controller; c. said controller disabling said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed according to said signal. 17. A method of affecting a watering schedule of at least one irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. calculating a water budget ratio externally from said at least one controller without using evapotranspiration data; b. communicating a signal to at least one module provided between said at least one controller and at least one electronically operated valve, said signal containing one of the following: said water budget ratio, identification information, allowed watering times data, and combinations thereof; and c. said module adjusting said watering schedule according to said signal. 18. A method of affecting a watering schedule of at least one irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. calculating a water budget ratio externally from said at least one controller without using evapotranspiration data; b. communicating a signal to at least one controller, said signal containing one of the following: said water budget ratio, identification information, allowed watering times data, and combinations thereof; and c. said controller adjusting said watering schedule according to said signal. 19. A method of affecting a watering schedule of at least one irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. communicating a signal to at least one module provided between said at least one irrigation controller and at least one electronically operated valve, said signal containing one of the following: module identification information, allowed watering times data, environmental sensor data, and combinations thereof; b. calculating a water budget ratio in said module without using evapotranspiration data; c. determining in said module whether watering is allowed; and d. said module adjusting said watering schedule according to said water budget ratio and allowed watering times data. 20. A method of affecting a watering schedule of at least one irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. providing a schedule of allowed watering times to said controller in communication with at least one irrigation valve; and b. said controller disabling said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed according to said schedule. 21. A method of affecting a watering schedule of at least one irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. providing said controller with a schedule of allowed watering times; b. calculating a water budget ratio without using evapotranspiration data; c. adjusting said watering schedule according to said watering times and water said ratio. 22. An irrigation control device comprising a programmable module provided between an irrigation controller and at least one electronically operated valve, said module further comprising an input for receiving a schedule of allowed watering times such that programming in said module disables said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed. 23. The device of claim 22 wherein said input is wireless. 24. The device of claim 22 wherein power to said module is provided by one of the group of AC, DC, solar, ambient light, water and wind. 25. The device of claim 22 wherein said programming further comprises an override for said disabling capability. 26. The device of claim 21 further comprising an environmental sensor, and providing programming to disable said at least one valve based on input from said sensor. 27. An irrigation control device comprising a programmable module provided between an irrigation controller and at least one electronically operated valve, said module further comprising: a. at least one input for communication with a controller output; b. at least one output for communication with said at least one valve; c. at least one environmental sensor in communication with said microprocessor; d. at least one separate input for receiving a schedule of allowed watering times; and e. a microprocessor with programming to calculate a water budget without using evapotranspiration data, and programming to disable said controller output at times when watering is not allowed. 28. An irrigation control device comprising: a. a central broadcasting unit, said broadcasting unit further comprising: (1) a microprocessor with data storage and an input to receive data concerning allowed watering times; (2) a wireless transmitter in communication with said microprocessor for broadcasting a signal indicating whether watering is allowed; and b. at least one programmable module provided between an irrigation controller and at least one electronically operated valve, said module further comprising: (1) a microprocessor with programming to disable said at least one valve according to said signal; (2) a first input to said microprocessor for receiving said signal; (3) at least one second input to said microprocessor for communication with a controller output; and (4) at least one output from said microprocessor for communication with said at least one valve. 29. An irrigation control device comprising: a. a central broadcasting unit, said broadcasting unit further comprising (1) a microprocessor with data storage and an input to receive data concerning allowed watering times; (2) a wireless transmitter in communication with said microprocessor for broadcasting a signal indicating whether watering is allowed; and b. at least one programmable controller that is in communication with at least one electronically operated valve, said controller further comprising (1) a microprocessor having an input for receiving said signal, and (2) programming to disable said at least one valve according to said signal. 30. An irrigation control device comprising: a. a central broadcasting unit, said broadcasting unit further comprising: (1) a microprocessor with data storage and programming to calculate a water budget ratio without using evapotranspiration data; (2) at least one environmental sensor in communication with said microprocessor; (3) at least one input for receiving a schedule of allowed watering times; (4) a transmitter for broadcasting a signal that includes one of the set of: a water budget ratio, identification information, allowed watering data, and combinations thereof; and b. at least one programmable module provided between an irrigation controller and at least one electronically operated valve, said module further comprising: (1) a microprocessor with programming to perform one of the set of: interpreting said identification information, implementing said water budget ratio, disabling said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed, and combinations thereof; (2) a receiver for receiving said broadcast signal; (3) at least one input to said microprocessor for communication with a controller output; and (4) at least one output from said microprocessor for communication with said at least one valve. 31. An irrigation control device comprising: a. a central broadcasting unit, said broadcasting unit further comprising: (1) a microprocessor with data storage and programming to calculate a water budget ratio without using evapotranspiration data; (2) at least one environmental sensor in communication with said microprocessor; (3) at least one input for receiving a schedule of allowed watering times; (4) a transmitter for broadcasting a signal that includes one of the set of: said water budget ratio, identification information, allowed watering data, and combinations thereof; and b. at least one programmable controller in communication with at least one electronically operated valve, said controller further comprising: (1) a microprocessor with programming to perform one of the set of: interpreting said identification information, implementing said water budget ratio, disabling said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed, and combinations thereof; (2) a receiver for receiving said broadcast signal; and (3) at least one output from said microprocessor for communication with said at least one valve. 32. An irrigation control device comprising: a. a central broadcasting unit, said broadcasting unit further comprising: (1) a microprocessor in communication with at least one input for receiving a schedule of allowed watering times; (2) a transmitter for broadcasting a signal that includes one of the set of: identification information, allowed watering data, and combinations thereof]; and b. at least one programmable module provided between an irrigation controller and at least one electronically operated valve, said module further comprising: (1) a microprocessor with data storage and programming to calculate a water budget ratio without using evapotranspiration data, and programming to perform one of the set of: identifying said module, implementing said water budget ratio, disabling said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed, and combinations thereof; (2) a receiver for receiving said broadcast signal; and (3) at least one environmental sensor in communication with said microprocessor; (4) at least one input to said microprocessor for communication with a controller output; and (5) at least one output from said microprocessor for communication with said at least one valve. 33. An irrigation control device comprising: a. a central broadcasting unit, said broadcasting unit further comprising: (1) a microprocessor in communication with at least one input for receiving a schedule of allowed watering times; (2) a transmitter for broadcasting a signal that includes one of the set of: identification information, allowed watering data, environmental sensor data and combinations thereof; and b. at least one programmable module provided between an irrigation controller and at least one electronically operated valve, said module further comprising: (1) a microprocessor with data storage and programming to calculate a water budget ratio without using evapotranspiration data, and programming to perform one of the set of: identifying said module, implementing said water budget ratio, disabling said at least one valve at times when watering is not allowed, and combinations thereof; (2) a receiver for receiving said broadcast signal; and (3) at least one input to said microprocessor for communication with a controller output; and (4) at least one output from said microprocessor for communication with said at least one valve. 34. An irrigation control device comprising a programmable irrigation controller in communication with at least one electronically operated valve, said controller further comprising a microprocessor with programming to receive a schedule of allowed watering times and programming to disable said at least one valve according to said schedule. 35. An irrigation control device comprising a programmable irrigation controller in communication with at least one electronically operated valve, said controller further comprising a microprocessor with programming to receive a schedule of allowed watering times, to calculate a water budget ratio without using evapotranspiration data, and to alter a watering schedule for said at least one valve according to said water budget and schedule. 36. An control for altering the schedule of at least one electronically operated irrigation valve comprising a programmable module in communication with said valve, said module further comprising a microprocessor adapted to receive a schedule of allowed watering times, and to receive a threshold watering percentage, said microprocessor including programming to calculate a water budget ratio without using evapotranspiration data, and programming to alter said watering schedule for said at least one valve according to one of the following: said water budget ratio, said threshold percentage, said schedule, and combinations thereof. 37. The control of claim 42 wherein said microprocessor is further adapted to receive location information. 38. An irrigation controller comprising: a. a power source; b. a microprocessor with programming to calculate a water budget without using evapotranspiration data; c. at least one water control switch in communication with said microprocessor. 39. An apparatus for adjusting an irrigation schedule of at least one controller comprising: a. a means for calculating a water budget without using evapotranspiration data; b. a means for communicating said water budget to said at least one controller. 40. The apparatus of claim 39 wherein said communication means is selected from the group of wired and wireless. 41. The apparatus of claim 39 wherein said water budget is modified by an input from a sensor selected from the group of: precipitation, temperature, solar, wind, humidity, and combinations thereof. 42. The apparatus of claim 39 wherein said at least one controller is remotely located from said apparatus. 43. The apparatus of claim 39 wherein said at least one controller is powered by one of the group of: AC, DC, solar power, battery power, wind power, water power, and ambient light power. 44. A method of adjusting an irrigation schedule of at least one irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. calculating a water budget without the use of evapotranspiration data; b. communicating said water budget to said at least one controller; and c. adjusting said irrigation schedule with said water budget. 45. The method of claim 44 comprising the additional step of modifying said water budget by an input from a sensor selected from the group of: precipitation, temperature, solar, wind, humidity, and combinations thereof. 46. The method of claim 44 comprising the additional steps of accumulating said water budgets over time until a predetermined threshold is attained, and using said accumulated budgets to adjust said schedule. 47. A method of altering an irrigation schedule of at least one satellite controller from a central computer in communication with said at least one controller comprising the steps of: a. providing said central computer with a non-evapotranspiration based water budget; b. broadcasting said water budget to said at least one controller; and c. said at least one controller modifying an irrigation schedule using said water budget. 48. A method of altering an irrigation schedule of at least one satellite controller from a central computer in communication with said at least one controller comprising the steps of: a. said central computer calculating a non-evapotranspiration based water budget; b. broadcasting said water budget to said at least one controller; and c. said at least one controller modifying an irrigation schedule using said water budget. 49. A method of adjusting a watering schedule of at least one controller comprising the step of providing said controller with a non-evapotranspiration based water budget. 50. The method of claim 45 wherein said water budget is based upon geoenvironmental data. 51. The method of claim 45 comprising the additional step of modifying station operating times using said water budget. 52. The method of claim 45 comprising the additional steps of: a. accumulating said water budgets; and b. preventing irrigation until the accumulation of said water budgets reaches a predetermined threshold. 53. The method of claim 45 comprising the additional step of altering an irrigation cycle to start at intervals based upon said water budget. 54. The method of claim 45 wherein said water budget is provided by wireless means. 55. A method of adjusting a watering cycle of at least one irrigation controller comprising the steps of periodically calculating a water budget using non-evapotranspiration based geo-environmental data, and modifying station operating times using said water budget. 56. The method of claim 55 comprising the additional steps of: a. accumulating said water budgets; and b. preventing irrigation until the accumulation of said water budgets reaches a predetermined threshold. 57. The method of claim 55 comprising the additional step of starting an irrigation cycle at a watering interval based upon said calculated water budget. 58. An irrigation controller comprising: a. At least one environmental sensor in communication with a microprocessor; b. said microprocessor being capable of calculating a non-evapotranspiration based water budget using input from said at least one sensor; and c. an output switch in communication with said microprocessor. 59. The controller of claim 58 wherein said at least one environmental sensor is selected from the group of: temperature, precipitation, wind, humidity, solar radiation and combinations thereof. 60. The controller of claim 58 wherein said at least one sensor communicates with said controller by a means selected from the group of wired and wireless. 61. A central budgeting module for altering a cycle of at least one field irrigation controller comprising: a. a microprocessor with programming to calculate a non-evapotranspiration based water budget; b. at least one environmental sensor in communication with said microprocessor; and c. a means of communicating said water budget to said at least one controller. 62. The module of claim 68 wherein said at least one environmental sensor is selected from the group of: temperature, precipitation, wind, humidity, solar radiation and combinations thereof. 63. The module of claim 61 said at least one sensor communicates with said controller by a means selected from the group of wired and wireless. 64. The module of claim 61 wherein said module is powered by one of the group of: AC, DC, solar power, battery power, wind power, water power, and ambient light power. 65. A method for providing a water budget to a controller within an enclosure comprising the steps of: a. providing a temperature sensor at a location within said controller that is near ground level; and b. calculating said water budget using data from said temperature sensor without using evapotranspiration data. 66. A self-contained smart irrigation device comprising: a. an irrigation controller mounted within an outdoor enclosure; b. a temperature sensor mounted within said enclosure, and c. a microprocessor capable of calculating a water budget without using evapotranspiration data. 67. The controller of claim 66 further comprising a precipitation sensor associated with said enclosure in communication with said microprocessor for providing data used in calculating said water budget. 68. A method for modifying a water budget ratio calculated by a microprocessor within an irrigation controller enclosure using precipitation data comprising the steps of: a. placing a precipitation sensor within a compartment in said enclosure, said compartment having a precipitation access means and a drainage means; b. sending data from said sensor to said microprocessor; and c. modifying said water budget using said data. 69. An apparatus for modifying a water budget ratio calculated by a microprocessor using precipitation data within an irrigation controller enclosure comprising a. an isolated compartment within said enclosure; b. a rain sensor deployed within said compartment; c. a precipitation access means and a drainage means in said compartment; d. a communication link between said sensor and said microprocessor; and e. said microprocessor having programming to calculate said water budget using said precipitation data. 70. A method for modifying a water budget ratio calculated by a microprocessor within an irrigation controller enclosure using precipitation data comprising the steps of: a. placing a precipitation sensor within a compartment in said enclosure, said compartment having a precipitation access means and a drainage means; and b. breaking a common electrical line to valves associated with said controller based on input from said sensor. 71. The method of claim 67 comprising the additional step of providing an adjustment means to said rain sensor or switch. 72. A method of governing the output of an irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. Providing a programmable module on a common output line between said controller and at least one valve associated with said controller; b. Programming said module with a set of watering restrictions; and c. Disabling the common line to said at least one valve during said watering restrictions. 73. A device for controlling the output of an irrigation controller to comply with restricted watering schedules comprising: a. a power source; b. a microprocessor programmed with at least one watering schedule; and c. at least one output cutoff switch. 74. The device of claim 73 further comprising a display with data input means. 75. The device of claim 73 further comprising an override function. 76. The device of claim 73 further comprising a battery voltage monitoring function. 77. The device of claim 73 wherein said power supply is selected from the group of AC, DC, solar, and ambient light. 78. The device of claim 73 wherein said device is battery powered. 79. A method of governing the output of an irrigation controller comprising the steps of: a. attaching a device to the output of an existing irrigation controller; b. programming said device with locally set restricted watering schedules c. cutting off at least one output of said controller based upon said at least one restricted watering schedule. 80. A device attached between an output of an irrigation controller and at least one valve associated with said controller comprising a. a module having with a microprocessor that is provided with time of use and temperature budgeting programming; b. data input means to said microprocessor; c. at least one environmental sensor input to said microprocessor; and d. at least one output cutoff switch. 81. The device of claim 80 wherein said power supply is selected from the group of AC, DC, solar, and ambient light. 82. The device of claim 80 wherein said device is battery powered. 83. An apparatus associated with an irrigation control system comprising: a. a module installed with said system, said module including a microprocessor with time of use and temperature budgeting programming; and b. at least one output cutoff switch. 