An examination unit, which can be used especially in the area of acute and intensive diagnostics in hospitals (e.g. in emergency rooms, intensive care units, operating theaters etc.) or in ambulances is provided. The examination unit which at least has an ultrasonic device, patient monitor, ECG, ventilator and/or resuscitation device for monitoring the vital functions and/or for the immediate medical treatment of emergency patients with symptoms of acute cardiovascular disease, myocardial infarction, angina, apoplectic stroke, etc. The device furthermore according to the invention includes an integrated mini-laboratory analysis unit for the biochemical and/or cell-biology investigation of blood samples or tissue biopsies.
Claims 1.-15. (canceled) 16. An examination unit, comprising: an integrated mini-laboratory analysis unit for a biochemical and/or cell-biology investigation of blood samples or tissue biopsies of a patient; and at least one device selected from the group consisting of patient monitor, ultrasonic device, ECG unit, ventilator device and resuscitation device. 17. The examination unit as claimed in claim 16, wherein the examination unit is configured as an emergency combi-set for at least one action selected from the group of producing a first diagnosis, monitoring a vital function, initiation of life-supporting, and immediate therapeutic measures for emergency patients with acute cardiovascular diseases, myocardial infarction, stroke or diabetes mellitus symptoms. 18. The examination unit as claimed in claim 17, wherein the emergency combi-set comprises a stationary component selected from the group consisting of "all-in-one" ultrasonic device, patient monitor, ECG, ventilator and resuscitation device. 19. The examination unit as claimed in claim 17, wherein the emergency combi-set comprises a portable component selected from the group consisting of "all-in-one" ultrasonic device, patient monitor, ECG, ventilator and resuscitation device. 20. The examination unit as claimed in claim 19, wherein the portable emergency combi-set is fitted with an integrated mobile power supply unit in the form of a battery, an accumulator, a fuel cell or a solar panel as a power-supply. 21. The examination unit as claimed in claim 16, wherein the integrated mini-laboratory analysis unit provides a capillary electrophoresis. 22. The examination unit as claimed in claim 16, wherein the integrated mini-laboratory analysis unit is suitably provides gene tests for the identification of high-risk patients with respect to a genetic predisposition to the occurrence of a disease. 23. The examination unit as claimed in claim 16, wherein the disease pertains to a cardiovascular disease, a myocardial infarction, angina, an apoplectic stroke, arteriosclerosis or diabetes mellitus. 24. The examination unit as claimed in one of claims 18, further comprises a permanently-integrated ultrasonic unit used only by the emergency combi-set itself. 25. The examination unit as claimed in one of claims 18, further comprises an ultrasonic unit which is integrated, but constructed as an independent module, which can be used both by the emergency combi-set itself or by external technical medical equipment. 26. The examination unit as claimed in one of claims 18, further comprises a connecting socket for plugging in a connecting cable to a connectable external ultrasonic transducer. 27. The examination unit as claimed in one of claims 18, further comprises a reception part for the wireless reception of ultrasonic signals from an external ultrasonic transducer via a wireless interface. 28. The examination unit as claimed in claim 27, wherein the wireless interface is an infrared interface. 29. The examination unit as claimed in claim 27, wherein the wireless interface is a radio interface. 30. The examination unit as claimed in claim 16, further comprises an integrated radio signal transmission unit for the wireless transmission of recorded patient data to a hospital receiving the emergency patient. 31. The examination unit as claimed in claim 16, further comprises an integrated display device for the display of recorded patient data. 