A method for access control and session control of electrical producers and/or consumers in accessible energy transfer units is provided, wherein the producer or the consumer is authenticated and authorized at the energy transfer unit, and producer- or consumer-specific data are forwarded by the energy transfer unit to an energy provider after authentication and authorization of the producer or the consumer. A temporarily-valid session token is generated for the control of the energy transfer by the energy provider, and forwarded to the energy transfer unit and the producer or the consumer. Electrical energy is transferred between the energy transfer unit and the producer or the consumer, wherein in a defined time interval during the energy transfer process the session token is sent at least once by the energy transfer unit to the producer or the consumer and from the producer or the consumer to the energy transfer unit.
Claims 1. A method for access and session control of electrical producers and/or consumers at publicly accessible or communally accessible energy access or transfer units, said method comprising: a) authenticating and authorizing the producer or consumer at the energy access unit by data exchange between the energy access unit and an energy provider; b) generating a session token for the monitoring and control of an energy transfer by the energy provider and forwarding of the session token to the energy access unit and the producer or consumer, the session token having a time-limited validity; c) after successful authentication and authorization of the producer or consumer, forwarding of producer-specific or consumer-specific data to an energy provider by the energy access unit; and d) transferring electrical energy between the energy access unit and the producer or consumer, the session token being in each case sent in a defined time interval during the energy transfer process at least once from the energy access unit to the producer or consumer, and from the producer or consumer to the energy access unit. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the consumer is authenticated and authorized at the energy access unit by a standard IT access control mechanism. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein PKI (public key infrastructure) with smartcard is used as the access control mechanism. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein rules for the energy transfer are provided for the energy access unit by the energy provider. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein each time before being sent the session token is updated by the energy access unit or by the producer/consumer. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the communication between the producer or consumer and the energy access unit takes place by power line communication. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein a local initial session token is generated by the energy access control unit and transmitted to the producer or consumer, the producer or consumer transmitting said initial session token to the energy provider, and the energy provider thereupon generating a session token for the corresponding energy access unit and the corresponding energy transfer and sending the same back to the producer or consumer, the initial session token containing identification information for the energy access unit and the session token containing the released energy quantity. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the producer or consumer is an electric vehicle and the energy access unit is a charging device for charging batteries or accumulators or is suitable for feeding energy from electric vehicles into an energy network of an energy provider. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the consumer is a washing machine, a laundry dryer or another commercial electrical appliance. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the producer is a photovoltaic system, a wind turbine or another alternative energy source which can be temporarily connected to the energy access unit. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the energy transfer is stopped if the session token is not updated and exchanged between producer and consumer in the defined interval. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the session token is used to exchange dynamic demand or capacity information for the monitoring and control of the energy flow between producer or consumer and the energy access unit. 13. An arrangement for access and session control of electrical producer or consumer devices at publicly accessible or communally accessible sockets with upstream energy access units, said arrangement comprising: a) an energy access unit configured to provide a producer or a consumer device access to draw or feed electrical energy, wherein authentication and authorization of the producer or consumer device takes place at the energy access unit by a standard IT access control mechanism and IT services, wherein following completion of authentication and authorization of the producer or consumer device, consumer-specific data is forwarded to an energy provider by the energy access unit, wherein electrical energy is transferred between the energy access unit and the producer or consumer device at the energy access unit as long as a session token provided by the energy provider is sent at least once in a defined time interval from the energy access unit to the producer or consumer device, and from the producer or consumer device to the energy access unit; b) an energy provider that supplies the energy access unit with electrical energy or receives energy fed in by the producer device, wherein the energy provider, after successful authentication and authorization of the producer or consumer device, generates a session token and forwards the same to the energy access unit. 14. An energy access control unit for access and session control of electrical producer or consumer devices at publicly accessible or communally accessible energy access units configured to provide a producer device or a consumer device access to draw or feed electrical energy; wherein authentication and authorization of the consumer device by the energy access unit takes place by a standard IT access control mechanism, wherein upon completion of authentication and authorization of the producer or consumer device by the energy access control unit, consumer-specific data is forwarded to an energy provider, wherein, during a charging process, electrical energy for the consumer device is provided at the energy access unit or is fed in by the producer device as long as a session token provided by the energy provider is in each case sent at least once in a defined time interval from the energy access control unit to the producer or consumer device, and from the producer or consumer device to the energy access control unit. 15. The energy access control unit as claimed in claim 14, wherein: a local initial session token is generated by the energy access control unit and transmitted to the producer or consumer, the producer or consumer forwards said initial session token to the energy provider and the energy provider thereupon generates a session token for the corresponding energy access unit and the corresponding energy transfer, and sends the same back to the producer or consumer, and wherein the initial session token contains identification information for the energy access unit and the session token contains the released energy quantity. 