A self-guided apparatus for repelling birds through various means of deterrence. The device comprises a chassis, a floatation assembly, a propulsion system, and a guidance and control system. The device may operate in either of at least two modes: passive and active. In the passive mode, the device traverses a predefined area, scaring birds away. In the active mode, the device surveys a designated area and, upon detection of birds, propels itself towards the birds and drives them away.
Claims What is claimed: 1. A device for traversing a water body and for reducing the number of birds in the vicinity of the water body, said device comprising: (a) one or more floats having sufficient buoyancy to maintain a portion of said device above the surface of the water body; (b) an electrically-powered propulsion system adapted to transport said device across the surface of the water body, without the need for continuous monitoring or input from a human; (c) an electrically-powered collision prevention system to detect potential collisions before collisions occur, and to cause said propulsion system to alter the direction of transport of said device to avoid at least some detected potential collisions before collisions occur; all without the need for continuous monitoring or input from a human; (d) an electrically-powered navigation system adapted to cause said propulsion system to periodically transport the device within the characteristic distance of at least 75% of the surface of the water body at least once every two hours; and (e) a power source to supply electrical power, directly or indirectly, to said propulsion system, to said collision prevention system, and to said guidance system; whereby: (f) the transport of the device on the water body causes a reduction in the number of birds in the vicinity of the water body as compared to the number of birds that would be present in the absence of the transport of the device. 2. A device as recited in claim 1, wherein said device is adapted to operate in an active and a passive mode; wherein in the active mode, said device autonomously traverses a surveyed area of the water body either continuously or upon detection of at least one bird; and wherein in the passive mode, said device traverses the water body without regard to the location of any birds. 3. A device as recited in claim 1, wherein when said collision prevention system detects a potential collision said device is adapted to stop, back up, rotate between 0.degree. and 360.degree., and then proceed forward, while operating either in a passive or active mode. 4. A device as recited in claim 1, wherein said propulsion system comprises a drive source and a motive source; wherein said drive source comprises at least two paddle wheels; and wherein said motive source comprises at least one electric motor to activate each paddle wheel. 5. A device as recited in claim 4, wherein said motive source operate said paddle wheels independently to propel and steer said device. 6. A device as recited in claim 1, wherein said collision prevention system comprises proximity feelers pivotally mounted on said device and attached to a triggering mechanism. 7. A device as recited in claim 6, wherein said triggering mechanism comprises a magnetic switch. 8. A device as recited in claim 1, wherein said navigation system is capable of identifying birds and guiding said device in the direction of said birds. 9. A device as recited in claim 1, wherein said power source comprises solar panels. 10. A device as recited in claim 9, wherein said power source additionally comprises one or more batteries adapted to store energy from said solar panels. 11. A device as recited in claim 1, wherein said electrically-powered navigation system is adapted to cause the propulsion system to periodically transport the device within the characteristic distance of 90% of the surface of the water body at least once every thirty minutes. 12. A collection comprising a plurality of devices for traversing a water body and for reducing the number of birds in the vicinity of the water body, said device comprising: (a) one or more floats having sufficient buoyancy to maintain a portion of said devices above the surface of the water body; (b) an electrically-powered propulsion system adapted to transport said devices across the surface of the water body, without the need for continuous monitoring or input from a human; (c) an electrically-powered collision prevention system to detect potential collisions before collisions occur, and to cause said propulsion system to alter the direction of transport of said devices to avoid at least some detected potential collisions before collisions occur; all without the need for continuous monitoring or input from a human; (d) an electrically powered navigation system adapted to cause the propulsion system to transport said devices across the water body, wherein at least one of said devices in said collection is periodically transported within the characteristic distance of at least 75% of the surface of the water body at least once every two hours; and (e) a power source to supply electrical power, directly or indirectly, to said propulsion system, to said collision prevention system, and to said guidance system; whereby: (f) the transport of said devices on the water body causes a reduction in the number of birds in the vicinity of the water body as compared to the number of birds that would be present in the absence of the transport of said devices. 13. A collection as recited in claim 12, wherein said devices are adapted to operate in an active and a passive mode; wherein in the active mode, said devices autonomously traverse a surveyed area of the water body either continuously or upon detection of at least one bird; and wherein in the passive mode, said devices traverse the water body without regard to the location of any birds. 14. A collection as recited in claim 12, wherein when said collision prevention system detects a potential collision said devices are adapted to stop, back up, rotate between 0.degree. and 360.degree., and then proceed forward, while operating either in a passive or active mode. 15. A collection as recited in claim 12, wherein said propulsion system comprises a drive source and a motive source; wherein said drive source comprises at least two paddle wheels; and wherein said motive source comprises at least one electric motor to activate each paddle wheel. 16. A collection as recited in claim 15, wherein said motive source operate said paddle wheels independently to propel and steer said devices. 17. A collection as recited in claim 12, wherein said collision prevention system comprises proximity feelers pivotally mounted on said devices and attached to a triggering mechanism. 18. A collection as recited in claim 17, wherein said triggering mechanism comprises a magnetic switch. 19. A collection as recited in claim 12, wherein said navigation system is capable of identifying birds and guiding said devices in the direction of said birds. 20. A collection as recited in claim 12, wherein said power source comprises solar panels. 21. A collection as recited in claim 20, wherein said power source additionally comprises one or more batteries adapted to store energy from said solar panels. 22. A collection as recited in claim 12, wherein said electrically-powered navigation system is adapted to cause the propulsion system to periodically transport said devices within the characteristic distance of 90% of the surface of the water body at least once every thirty minutes. 23. A device for traversing a surveyed area and for reducing the number of birds in the vicinity of the surveyed area, said device comprising: (a) one or more floats having sufficient buoyancy to maintain a portion of said device above the surface of a water body when operating the device in water; (b) an electrically-powered propulsion system adapted to transport said device across the surface of the surveyed area, without the need for continuous monitoring or input from a human; (c) an electrically-powered collision prevention system to detect potential collisions before collisions occur, and to cause said propulsion system to alter the direction of transport of said device to avoid at least some detected potential collisions before collisions occur; all without the need for continuous monitoring or input from a human; (d) an electrically-powered navigation system adapted to cause the propulsion system to periodically transport the device within the characteristic distance of at least 75% of the surface of the surveyed area at least once every two hours; and (e) a power source to supply electrical power, directly or indirectly, to said propulsion system, to said collision prevention system, and to said guidance system; whereby: (f) the transport of the device on the surface of the surveyed area causes a reduction in the number of birds in the vicinity of the surveyed area as compared to the number of birds that would be present in the absence of the transport of the device. 24. A device as recited in claim 23, wherein said device is adapted to operate in an active and a passive mode; wherein in the active mode, said device autonomously traverses a surveyed area either continuously or upon detection of at least one bird; and wherein in the passive mode, said device traverses the surveyed area without regard to the location of any birds. 25. A device as recited in claim 23, wherein when said collision prevention system detects a potential collision said device is adapted to stop, back up, rotate between 0.degree. and 360.degree., and then proceed forward, while operating either a passive or active mode. 26. A device as recited in claim 23, wherein said propulsion system comprises a drive source and a motive source; wherein said drive source comprises at least two paddle wheels; and wherein said motive source comprises at least one electric motor to activate each paddle wheel. 27. A device as recited in claim 26, wherein said motive source operate said paddle wheels independently to propel and steer said device. 28. A device as recited in claim 23, wherein said collision prevention system comprises proximity feelers pivotally mounted on said device and attached to a triggering mechanism. 29. A device as recited in claim 28, wherein said triggering mechanism comprises a magnetic switch. 30. A device as recited in claim 23, wherein said navigation system is capable of identifying birds and guiding said device in the direction of said birds. 31. A device as recited in claim 23, wherein said power source comprises solar panels. 32. A device as recited in claim 23, wherein said power source is a docking station adapted to recharge said device. 33. A device as recited in claim 31, wherein said power source additionally comprises one or more batteries adapted to store energy. 34. A device as recited in claim 32, wherein said power source additionally comprises one or more batteries adapted to store energy. 35. A device as recited in claim 23, wherein said electrically-powered navigation system is adapted to cause the propulsion system to periodically transport the device within the characteristic distance of 90% of the surface of the surveyed area at least once every thirty minutes. 