The present invention teaches a solar array, and also a network of solar arrays for providing energy for industrial, residential and transportation use. A solar array of the present invention can be made to resemble a palm tree, a deciduous tree, an evergreen tree, or other type of natural foliage, and meet the aesthetic demands of landscape architecture. A network of solar arrays can extend for many miles along transportation right of ways including, but not limited to, roads, highways, railways, pipelines, or canals, and can further include means for storing and transmitting energy. A solar array can include or be coupled with a recharging station for use by electric and hybrid transportation vehicles. Moreover, an individual solar array or network of solar arrays can include means for wireless communication and transmission of energy for recharging an energy storage device and provide energy to an electric or hybrid transportation vehicle.
Claims 1. A solar array, comprising: a structure configured to resemble a tree comprising; a trunk portion; and a plurality of solar modules coupled with said trunk portion; and a wireless transmission device adapted to transmit energy coupled with said structure. 2. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said solar array is configured to resemble a tree selected from the group of trees consisting of deciduous trees, evergreen trees, and palm trees. 3. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said trunk comprises a support pole and an interior compartment, and each of said solar modules are configured to resemble a palm frond including a stem portion and a blade portion, said stem portion extending from said trunk portion, said blade portion including at least one solar cell having a working surface area for capturing sunlight and for providing an electrical energy output, wiring coupled to said plurality of solar modules for conducting said electrical energy output, and at least one mechanical fastener for securing said solar array in an upright position. 4. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein each of said plurality of solar modules comprise a green coloration. 5. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmission device is configured to transmit energy within a portion of the electromagnetic spectrum. 6. The solar array according to claim 5, wherein said wireless transmission device is configured to transmit energy selected from the group consisting of: gamma ray energy, x-ray energy, ultraviolet light energy, visible light energy, infrared energy, microwave energy, radio frequency energy, radar energy, electric energy, television signal energy, and telephone signal energy. 7. The solar array according to claim 1, further comprising: a transmission device configured to wirelessly transmit electrical energy to a receiver device coupled with a transportation vehicle; wherein said transmission device is coupled with said structure by at least one wire. 8. The solar array according to claim 7, wherein said transmission device is substantially planar and is located on a substantially horizontal surface capable of supporting a transportation vehicle. 9. The solar array according to claim 8, wherein: said receiver device is generally planar; said transportation vehicle has a lower surface; and said receiver device is located on said lower surface. 10. The solar array according to claim 7, wherein said transmission device is located on a vertical support surface. 11. The solar array according to claim 10, wherein said receiver device is located on at least one of the front, rear, and side surfaces of the transportation vehicle. 12. The solar array according to claim 1, further including: at least one repeater device electrically coupled to said structure adapted to extend the range of wireless transmission of energy. 13. The solar array according to claim 1, further comprising: a monitoring and controlling device coupled with said structure by at least one wire; wherein said monitoring and controlling device comprises a visual display. 14. The solar array according to claim 1, further comprising: a monitoring and controlling device, wherein said monitoring and controlling device comprises; a visual display; and a communications device for wirelessly transmitting signals to and from said structure. 15. The solar array according to claim 14, wherein said monitoring and controlling device comprises an electronic device selected from the group of electronic devices consisting of monitors, controllers, computers and cell phones. 16. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein: said energy comprises electrical energy; and said structure further comprises a battery for storing the electrical energy. 17. The solar array according to claim 1, further comprising at least one electronic component selected from the group of: electronic components consisting of adaptors, AC disconnects, amplifiers, batteries, battery cables, battery controllers, battery status meters, bias voltage supply devices, breakers, capacitors, central processing units, chips, circuit breakers, coils, tesla coils, computers, conduits, connectors, controllers, charge controllers, micro-controllers, control panels, digital and panel controls, converters, combiners, DC disconnects, DC-DC power optimizers, diodes, drivers, gate drivers, full bridge drivers, extension cords, filters, fuses, generators, grid tie power centers, ground fault switches, h-bridge power stages, inductors, integrated circuits, inverters, micro-inverters, junction boxes, lights, meters, metal oxide semiconductors, output current and voltage sense amplifiers, off grid power centers, power supplies, power optimizer chipsets switching power supplies, quasi-resonant flyback devices, rectified full wave Sine-to-Sine bridges, regulators, RF receivers, repeaters, resistors, sensors, sensing and detection devices, software, shot reactors, static var compensators, surge protectors, switches, temperature sensors, thyristors, transformers, transistors, bi-polar junction transistors, voltage regulators, wiring, wireless RF communication devices, wireless transmitters, wireless receivers, and wireless repeaters. 18. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein the solar array is coupled with an electric power grid. 19. A network of solar arrays, comprising: a plurality of solar arrays; wherein each of said solar arrays comprises; a structure configured to resemble a tree, comprising; a trunk portion; and a plurality of solar modules coupled with said trunk portion; and a wireless transmission device adapted to transmit energy coupled with said structure. 20. The network of claim 19, wherein said plurality of solar arrays is coupled with at least one recharging station adapted to provide electrical energy to an electrical power storage device coupled with a transportation vehicle. 21. The solar array of claim 1, wherein said solar array is located in a parking area and adapted to recharge an electric power storage device of an electric transportation vehicle. 22. The network of claim 19, wherein said plurality of solar arrays is located along a path of travel of a transportation vehicle and said network of solar arrays is adapted to provide electric power to said transportation vehicle while it is in motion. 23. A solar array comprising a structure configured to resemble a tree comprising a trunk portion and a plurality of solar modules, said solar array comprising means for wireless transmission of electric power. 24. The solar array according to claim 23, wherein said means for wireless transmission of electric power comprises electromagnetic inductance. 25. The solar array according to claim 23, wherein said means for wireless transmission of electric power comprises electromagnetic radiation comprising radio frequency. 26. A solar array resembling natural foliage, wherein the improvement comprises an antenna. 27. A solar array resembling natural foliage, wherein the improvement comprises a communications device, said communications device selected from the group consisting of antennas, receivers, transmitters, relays, and repeaters. 28. A solar array resembling natural foliage, wherein the improvement comprises an electrolyser device adapted to provide hydrogen fuel. 29. A solar array resembling natural foliage, wherein the improvement comprises an electrolyser device adapted to provide pure water. 