An unmanned vehicle may include a vehicle body that comprises an enclosed hull. The unmanned vehicle may include a propulsion, a ballast control system, a center of gravity system, a pressurization system, a control surface system, a navigation control system, and an on board master control system. The on board master control system may execute local control over operation of the various systems of the unmanned vehicle. The unmanned vehicle may also include a power supply carried by a portion of the vehicle body to provide power to the various systems. The various systems of the unmanned vehicle may be independently operable to support selective operation of the unmanned vehicle in the air, on the surface of the water, and below the surface of the water.
Claims 1. An unmanned vehicle for operating, in the air, on the surface of water, and below the surface of water, the unmanned vehicle comprising: a vehicle body wherein at least a portion of the vehicle body comprises at least one enclosed hull that defines at least one enclosed interior compartment capable of pressurization; a propulsion system carried by a portion of the vehicle body to propel the unmanned vehicle; a ballast system carried by a portion of the vehicle body to vary buoyancy of the unmanned vehicle; a center of gravity system carried by a portion of the vehicle body to vary a center of gravity of the unmanned vehicle; a pressurization system carried by a portion of the vehicle body to vary a pressure within the at least one enclosed interior compartment; at least one control surface system carried by a portion of the vehicle body to maneuver the unmanned vehicle; a navigation control system carried by the vehicle body to control the speed and direction of travel of the unmanned vehicle; an on board master control system carried by a portion of the vehicle body to execute local control over operation of the propulsion system, the ballast system, the center of gravity system, the pressurization system, the at least one control surface system, and the navigation control system; and at least one power supply carried by a portion of the vehicle body to provide power to the propulsion system, the ballast system, the center of gravity system, the pressurization system, the at least one control surface system, the navigation control system, and the on board master control system; wherein the propulsion system, the ballast system, the center of gravity system, the pressurization system, the at least one control surface system, the navigation control system, and the on board control system are independently operable to support selective operation of the unmanned vehicle in the air, on the surface of the water, and below the surface of the water. 2. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the vehicle body has an outer configuration having a general appearance of an aerohydrodynamic wing. 3. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the vehicle body includes a pair of opposing sponsons with a center wing. 4. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 3 wherein the sponsons have a stepped hull design; and wherein the stepped hull design includes a medially positioned tunnel and a medially positioned wing. 5. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the vehicle body includes a bottom, sides extending upwardly from the bottom, and a top; and wherein the bottom, sides and top are scalable proportionately to provide a vehicle body having a range of sizes. 6. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the vehicle body comprises at least one compartment adapted to carry at least one of the propulsion system, the ballast system, the center of gravity system, the pressurization system, the at least one control surface system, the navigation control system, and the on board control system. 7. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 6 wherein the vehicle body comprises a hull; wherein the hull is a sealed hull provided by at least one pressure seal; and wherein an interior portion of the hull is pressurizable. 8. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the vehicle body is made substantially of at least one of a fiberglass material, carbon fiber material, and Kevlar material. 9. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the propulsion system includes an aircraft propulsion configuration for propelling the vehicle in atmospheric flight. 10. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the propulsion system includes a marine propulsion configuration for propelling the vehicle across a substantially planar water surface. 11. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the propulsion system includes a submarine propulsion configuration for propelling the vehicle while submerged in water. 12. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the unmanned vehicle is operable on land; and wherein the propulsion system includes a land propulsion configuration for propelling the vehicle across a substantially planar terrain surface. 13. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 11 wherein the submarine propulsion configuration comprises a plurality of vectored thrust apparatuses selected from the group consisting of propeller and water jet. 14. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the propulsion system is powered by at least one of an electric motor, a diesel motor, a turbine engine, and a nuclear reactor. 15. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the ballast system includes a ballast configuration that comprises at least one ballast chamber; at least one pressure tank, at least one water pump, at least one water port, at least one air port; and at least one ballast sensor; wherein the at least one ballast chamber, the at least one pressure tank, the at least one water pump, and the at least one ballast sensor are carried by the at least one compartment; wherein the at least one pressure tank is vented to the at least one ballast chamber by a plurality of locking electronic valves that regulate air flow from the at least one pressure tank to the at least one ballast chamber; wherein the at least one ballast chamber is connected by at least one pipe to the at least one aft port by a plurality of locking electronic valves that regulate the flow of air from the at least one air port into the at least one ballast chamber, and the evacuation of air from the at least one ballast chamber through the at least one air port; wherein the at least one ballast chamber is connected by at least one pipe to the at least one water port by a plurality of locking electronic valves and the at least one water pump that cooperate to regulate the flow of water into the at least one ballast chamber, and the evacuation of water from the at least one ballast chamber through the at least one water port; wherein the at least one ballast sensor measures volume of water and air in the at least one ballast chamber to support selective submerging and re-surfacing of the unmanned vehicle. 16. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the center of gravity system includes a center of gravity configuration that further comprises at least one threaded actuator rod and at least one internally threaded weight; wherein the at least one threaded actuator rod and the at least one internally threaded weight are carried by the at least one compartment; wherein the at least one actuator rod has rotational bearings on one end and motor actuators on the other end; wherein the at least one threaded actuator rod is encased in the at least one internally threaded weight, the position of which is adjustable along the length of the at least one actuator rod to move the center of gravity of the unmanned vehicle along two perpendicular axes. 17. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 7 wherein the pressurization system includes a pressurization configuration that comprises at least one bidirectional seal in the sealed hull, at least one pressure tank, at least one air port, at least one air pump, and at least one pressure sensor, wherein the at least one pressure tank and the at least one pressure sensor are carried by the at least one compartment; wherein the bidirectional seals in the sealed hull are applied to one or more openings, vents, ports, and moving services carried by the vehicle body; wherein the at least one pressure tank is affixed to the interior portion of the sealed hull and vented to the at least one compartment by a plurality of locking electronic valves and the at least one air pump that cooperate to regulate air flow from the at least one pressure tank to the at least one compartment; wherein the at least one pressure tank is connected by at least one pipe to the at least one air port by a plurality of locking electronic valves and the at least one air pump that cooperate to regulate the flow of air from the at least one air port into the at least one pressure tank; wherein the at least one compartment is connected by at least one pipe to the at least one air port by a plurality of locking electronic valves that regulate the evacuation of air from the at least one compartment through the at least one air port; wherein the at least one pressure sensor monitors air pressure inside the sealed hull and ambient pressure outside said sealed hull to enable said sealed hull strength-to-weight characteristics by applying pressurization during selective operation of the unmanned vehicle in the air, on the surface of the water, and below the surface of the water. 18. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the at least one control surface system includes a control surface configuration that comprises at least one rudder, a plurality of trim plates, a plurality of forward canards, and at least one control position sensor, wherein the at least one rudder is mounted on a strut affixed externally to the vehicle body and substantially near the stern of the vehicle body; wherein the plurality of trim plates are affixed externally to the vehicle body and articulate independently and bidirectionally; wherein the plurality of forward canards are affixed externally to the vehicle body and articulate independently in two directions to achieve maximum roll of the unmanned vehicle; and wherein the at least one control position sensor monitors the position of the at least one rudder, the plurality of trim plates, and the plurality of forward canards to support physical maneuvering of the unmanned vehicle in the air, on the surface of the water, and below the surface of the water. 19. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the at least one power supply includes at least one battery in communication with at least one of solar energy collectors, wave motion energy collectors, and generated energy collectors. 20. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 further comprising at least one device rack system carried by the vehicle body to provide mechanical, power, and signal mount points for auxiliary devices to articulate from the vehicle body of the unmanned vehicle. 21. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 20 wherein the at least one device rack system includes a retractable platform configuration for positioning at least one device to extrude from the surface of the vehicle body. 22. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 further comprising at least one payload deck system carried by the vehicle body to provide mechanical, power, and signal mount points for payload modules to interchangeably affix to the vehicle body of the unmanned vehicle. 23. An unmanned vehicle according to claim 1 further comprising at least one off board control system to interface with the onboard master control system to execute remote control over the operation of the unmanned vehicle based on mission objectives defined external to the on board master control system. 24. An unmanned vehicle system for operating an unmanned vehicle in the air, on the surface of water, and below the surface of water, the unmanned vehicle system comprising: an unmanned vehicle comprising: a vehicle body wherein at least a portion of the vehicle body comprises at least one enclosed hull that defines at least one enclosed interior compartment capable of pressurization, wherein the vehicle body has an outer configuration having a general appearance of an aerohydrodynamic wing, wherein the vehicle body includes a pair of opposing sponsons with a center wing, and wherein the sponsons have a stepped hull design; and wherein the stepped hull design includes a medially positioned tunnel and a medially positioned wing, a propulsion system carried by a portion of the vehicle body to propel the unmanned vehicle, a ballast system carried by a portion of the vehicle body to vary buoyancy of the unmanned vehicle, a center of gravity system carried by a portion of the vehicle body to vary a center of gravity of the unmanned vehicle, a pressurization system carried by a portion of the vehicle body to vary a pressure within the at least one enclosed interior compartment, at least one control surface system carried by a portion of the vehicle body to maneuver the unmanned vehicle, a navigation control system carried by the vehicle body to control the speed and direction of travel of the unmanned vehicle, an on board master control system carried by a portion of the vehicle body to execute local control over operation of the propulsion system, the ballast system, the center of gravity system, the pressurization system, the at least one control surface system, and the navigation control system, and at least one power supply carried by a portion of the vehicle body to provide power to the propulsion system, the ballast system, the center of gravity system, the pressurization system, the at least one control surface system, the navigation control system, and the on board master control system; and an off board control system to interface with the onboard master control system to execute remote control over operation of the unmanned vehicle based on mission objectives defined external to the on board master control system; wherein the propulsion system, the ballast system, the center of gravity system, the pressurization system, the at least one control surface system, the navigation control system, and the on board control system are independently operable to support selective operation of the unmanned vehicle in the air, on the surface of the water, and below the surface of the water. 25. An unmanned vehicle system according to claim 24 wherein the on board master control system and the off board control system are in communication with a network so that signals from the off board control system are receivable by the on board master control system to control the operation of the unmanned vehicle and signals from the on board master control system are receivable by the off board control system master to monitor status of the unmanned vehicle. 26. An unmanned vehicle system according to claim 24 wherein the vehicle body comprises at least one compartment adapted to carry at least one of the propulsion system, the ballast system, the center of gravity system, the pressurization system, the at least one control surface system, the navigation control system, and the on board control system. 27. An unmanned vehicle system according to claim 24 wherein the vehicle body comprises a hull; wherein the hull is a sealed hull provided by at least one pressure seal; and wherein an interior portion of the hull is pressurizable. 28. An unmanned vehicle system according to claim 24 wherein the unmanned vehicle is operable on land; and wherein the propulsion system includes an aircraft propulsion configuration for propelling the vehicle in atmospheric flight, a land propulsion configuration for propelling the vehicle across a substantially planar terrain surface, a marine propulsion configuration for propelling the vehicle across a substantially planar water surface, and a submarine propulsion configuration for propelling the vehicle while submerged in water. 29. An unmanned vehicle system according to claim 24 wherein the propulsion system is powered by at least one of an electric motor, a diesel motor, a turbine engine, and a nuclear reactor. 30. An unmanned vehicle system according to claim 24 wherein the ballast system includes a ballast configuration that comprises at least one ballast chamber, at least one pressure tank, at least one water pump, at least one water port, at least one air port, and at least one ballast sensor. 31. An unmanned vehicle system according to claim 24 wherein the center of gravity system includes a center of gravity configuration that further comprises at least one threaded actuator rod and at least one internally threaded weight. 32. An unmanned vehicle system according to claim 24 wherein the pressurization system includes a pressurization configuration that comprises at least one bidirectional seal in the sealed hull, at least one pressure tank, at least one air pump, at least one air port, and at least one pressure sensor. 33. An unmanned vehicle system according to claim 24 wherein the at least one control surface system includes a control surface configuration that comprises at least one rudder, a plurality of trim plates, a plurality of forward canards, and at least one control position sensor. 34. An unmanned vehicle system according to claim 24 wherein the at least one power supply includes at least one battery in communication with at least one of solar energy collectors, wave motion energy collectors, and generated energy collectors. 35. An unmanned vehicle system according to claim 24 wherein the unmanned vehicle further comprises at least one device rack system carried by the vehicle body to provide mechanical, power, and signal mount points for auxiliary devices to articulate from the vehicle body of the unmanned vehicle; and wherein the at least one device rack system includes a retractable platform configuration for positioning at least one device to extrude from the surface of the vehicle body. 36. An unmanned vehicle system according to claim 24 wherein the unmanned vehicle comprises at least one payload deck system carried by the vehicle body to provide mechanical, power, and signal mount points for payload modules to interchangeably affix to the vehicle body of the unmanned vehicle. 