A system for providing metal features on silicone comprising providing a silicone layer on a matrix and providing a metal layer on the silicone layer. An electronic apparatus can be produced by the system. The electronic apparatus comprises a silicone body and metal features on the silicone body that provide an electronic device.
Claims The invention claimed is 1. An electronic apparatus, comprising: a silicone body and metal features on said silicone body that comprise an electronic device. 2. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said silicone body comprises a poly(dimethylsiloxane) body. 3. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic device comprises an integrated circuit. 4. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic device comprises an electrode array. 5. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic device comprises a sensor. 6. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic device comprises a MEMS sensor. 7. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic device comprises a microprocessor. 8. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic device comprises a resistor. 9. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic device comprises at least one of: a epiretinal implant, a subretinal implant, a cortical implant, an artificial vision implant, a cochlear implant, a neurological implant, a spinal cord implant, a drug delivery device, a monitoring device, an electrode array, an array for deep brain stimulation, a spinal cord reattachment array, nerve regeneration array, a retinal implant, a muscle stimulation device, a muscle relaxation device, a flexible display, a smart notes device, a sensor, a radio, a recorder, a camera, a cell phone, a computers, a calculator, a surveillance device, a medical device, a radiation monitor, a biological device, or a biomedical device. 10. The electronic apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic device comprises at least one of: a power source, a battery, a solar cell, a capacitor, a resistor, an inductor, a transformer, an integrated circuit, a microprocessor, a digital to analog converter, a display, or a conformable circuit. 11. A method of providing metal features on silicone, comprising the steps of: providing a silicone layer on a matrix and providing a metal layer on said silicone layer. 12. The method of providing metal features on silicone of claim 11 wherein said silicone layer comprises poly(dimethylsiloxane). 13. The method of providing metal features on silicone of claim 11 including the step of connecting at least one electronic unit to said metal layer. 14. The method of providing metal features on silicone of claim 11 including the step of providing a second layer of silicone on said silicone layer. 15. The method of providing metal features on silicone of claim 14 wherein said silicone layer and said second layer of a silicone comprise poly(dimethylsiloxane). 16. The method of providing metal features on silicone of claim 11 wherein said step of providing a metal layer on said silicone layer is accomplished using photolithography. 17. The method of providing metal features on silicone of claim 11 wherein said step of providing a silicone layer on a matrix comprises providing a silicone layer on a handle wafer. 18. The method of providing metal features on silicone of claim 11 wherein said step of providing a silicone layer on a matrix comprises providing a silicone layer on a silicon handle wafer. 19. The method of providing metal features on silicone of claim 11 wherein said step of providing a metal layer on said silicone layer produces stretchable electrical circuits. 20. The method of providing metal features on silicone of claim 11 wherein said step of providing a metal layer on said silicone layer produces stretchable metal traces that are capable of withstanding strains of 7% with S.D. 1. 