The invention is a self-contained solar powered back lighted sign using low voltage bright white LED lamps for a light source, the device comprising a sign encasement, an internal bright white LED light source, at least one white translucent dispersion panel, sign display medium, at least one transparent front panel, an internal rechargeable battery supply, electrical circuitry, a photo sensor and an at least one external solar generating unit. Plain white paper signs, transparencies and changeable lettering may by displayed in this device, providing for repeated low-cost change of the display medium on the device, the device being perpetual and self-contained providing its own cost-free electrical energy.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A self-contained solar powered back lighted sign using low voltage bright white LED lamps for a light source, the device comprising: a. a sign encasement; b. an internal bright white LED light source; c. at least one white translucent dispersion panel; d. sign display medium; e. at least one transparent front panel; f. an internal rechargeable battery supply; g. electrical circuitry; h. a photo sensor; and i. at least one external solar generating unit. 2. The device as disclosed in claim 2, which is a single-sided display device, further comprising: a. the sign encasement has an outer surface and an internal cavity which contains the internal bright white LED light source, provided by a plurality of bright white LED lamps set in front of a reflective backing plate, the bright white LED lamps producing a high lumen output with low voltage DC power supplied by the internal rechargeable battery supply connected to the bright white LED lamps by the electrical circuitry; b. the internal rechargeable battery supply is connected to the external solar generating unit through electrical circuitry; c. the white translucent dispersion panel is positioned in front of the bright white LED light source and the internal rechargeable battery supply, such white translucent dispersion panel having a front surface upon which the sign display medium is placed; d. the transparent front panel is positioned in front of the front surface of the white translucent dispersion panel, thus capturing the sign display medium between the white translucent dispersion panel and the transparent front panel; and e. a weather tight seal is provided between the sign encasement, the white translucent dispersion panel and the transparent front panel. 3. The device, as disclosed in claim 1, which is a two-sided display device, further comprising: a. the sign encasement having an outer surface and an inner cavity, further including the bright white LED light source provided by a plurality of bright white LED lamps producing a high lumen output with low voltage DC power supplied by the internal rechargeable battery supply connected to the bright white LED lamps by the electrical circuitry, the internal rechargeable battery supply connected to the external solar generating unit, also through electrical circuitry; b. two white translucent dispersion panels positioned on opposing sides of the bright white LED light source and the internal rechargeable battery supply, each of these white translucent dispersion panels having a front surface upon which the sign display medium is placed; c. the transparent front panel positioned in front of each of the front surfaces of the white translucent dispersion panels, capturing the sign display medium between the white translucent dispersion panel and the transparent front panel on each side of the two-sided display device; and d. a weather tight seal provided between the sign encasement, the white translucent dispersion panels and the transparent front panels. 4. The device as disclosed in claim 1, wherein the photo sensor and the external solar generating unit are located on the outer surface of the sign encasement: a. the photo sensor monitoring the available solar supply and regulating the illumination of the bright white LED light source, illuminating the bright white LED light source when it is dark and dimming or deactivating the bright white LED light source during daylight periods; and b. external solar generating unit may be comprised of a plurality of solar cells located on one or more locations on the outer surface where the most sunlight is available, depending on the positioning of the display device, such positioning of the plurality of solar cells accomplished by: 1. where the plurality of solar cells are affixed to the display device, positioning the entire device towards the south; 2. the plurality of solar cells moveably mounted on the outer surface of the display device wherein the plurality of solar cells may be positioned upwards to the south regardless of the positioning of the display device; 3. affixing the plurality of solar cells to the display device by a multi-positionable mounting bracket, connected to the internal rechargeable battery supply by the electrical circuitry, the plurality of solar cells providing the electrical energy stored by the internal rechargeable battery supply; and 4. the external solar generating unit is detachable, attaching to the internal rechargeable battery supply, enabling the user to mount the external solar generating unit to another location not on the device in order to best position the external solar generating unit for optimum exposure to the solar source. 