A time-resolved photoluminescence-based system providing quality control during manufacture of thin film absorber layers for photovoltaic devices. The system includes a laser generating excitation beams and an optical fiber with an end used both for directing each excitation beam onto a thin film absorber layer and for collecting photoluminescence from the absorber layer. The system includes a processor determining a quality control parameter such as minority carrier lifetime of the thin film absorber layer based on the collected photoluminescence. In some implementations, the laser is a low power, pulsed diode laser having photon energy at least great enough to excite electron hole pairs in the thin film absorber layer. The scattered light may be filterable from the collected photoluminescence, and the system may include a dichroic beam splitter and a filter that transmit the photoluminescence and remove scattered laser light prior to delivery to a photodetector and a digital oscilloscope.
Claims 1. A method of monitoring a thin film absorber layer sample, comprising: with a pulsed laser, illuminating a thin film absorber layer sample with an exciting beam transmitted along an optical fiber; with the optical fiber, collecting and transmitting a time-resolved photoluminescence (TRPL) signal from the sample; detecting the TRPL signal from the sample; and based on the detected TRPL signal, determining a quality control parameter for the sample. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising transmitting a signal from the photodetector representing the TRPL signal from the sample to a digital oscilloscope and wherein the lifetime determining is performed by processing an output signal from the digital oscilloscope. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the detecting of the TRPL signal is performed with a photomultiplier. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the detecting of the TRPL signal is performed with a photodiode. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising filtering, before the detecting of the TRPL signal, the collected and transmitted light with a filter to remove scattered light. 6. The method according to claim 1, wherein the detected fluoresced light comprises a band of wavelengths of at least about 10 nm in the range of 800 to 1300 nm. 7. The method according to claim 1, wherein the sample comprises a CIGS, CZTS, or CdTe sample. 8. The method according to claim 1, wherein the sample is positioned in a deposition chamber during the illuminating step. 9. The method according to claim 1, wherein the illuminating step is performed while the sample is on a manufacturing line downstream of a deposition chamber in which the thin film absorber layer sample is formed. 10. The method according to claim 1, wherein the quality parameter is minority carrier lifetime or Figure of Merit derived from the minority carrier lifetime and initial intensity of the detected TRPL signal. 11. A system for in-situ time-resolved photoluminescence, comprising: a pulsed laser; an optical fiber for transmitting light from the laser to a sample and for collecting and, in response, transmitting a photoluminescence (PL) signal from the sample; a filter receiving the collected PL signal from the optical fiber and filtering scattered light; a detector detecting photoluminescence from the sample with the filtered PL signal and, in response, forming a signal representative of the detected photoluminescence; a digitizing component configured to receive the signal representative of the detected photoluminescence; and a signal processor processing an output of the digitizing component to determine a lifetime correlation of the sample. 12. The system according to claim 11, further comprising a dichroic beam splitter between the laser and the sample, the dichroic beam splitter directing the collected PL signal toward the detector and reducing intensity of the scattered light. 13. The system according to claim 11, wherein the sample comprises a CIGS sample. 14. The system according to claim 11, further comprising a fiber-end collimator and focusing lens between the optical fiber and the sample. 15. A photoluminescence-based system for providing quality control during manufacture of thin film absorber layers for photovoltaic devices, comprising: a light source generating an excitation beam; an optical fiber with an end both directing the excitation beam onto a thin film absorber layer and collecting a TRPL signal from the thin film absorber layer; and a processor determining a quality control parameter of the thin film absorber layer based on the collected TRPL signal. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the processor generates a feedback signal controlling fabrication equipment operable to manufacture a PV device including the thin film absorber layer. 17. The system of claim 15, wherein the light source comprises a low power, pulsed diode laser having photon energy at least great enough to excite electron hole pairs in the thin film absorber layer. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the exciting beam generated by the laser is filterable from the collected fluoresced light and wherein the system further includes a filter filtering the collected TRPL signal to remove scattered light. 19. The system of claim 15, wherein the thin film absorber layer comprises a thin film of CIGS, CdTe, or CZTS. 20. The system of claim 15, further comprising a photodetector adapted for detecting a broad photoluminescence spectrum and for receiving the collected TRPL signal and, in response, generating a detector signal. 21. The system of claim 20, further comprising a digital oscilloscope processing the detector signal and providing the processed detector signal to the processor to determine the quality control parameter. 22. The system of claim 20, wherein the broad photoluminescence spectrum is in the range of 800 to 1300 nm. 23. The system of claim 20, wherein the photodetector is a photodiode or a photomultiplier. 24. The system of claim 15, wherein the end of the optical fiber is separated from the thin film absorber layer by less than about 1 cm. 