Embodiments of vicinity sensor systems are described herein. Other embodiments and related methods are also disclosed herein.
Claims 1. A system comprising: a first apparatus comprising: a first substrate; and a first transmitter supported by the first substrate; wherein: the first substrate comprises at least one of: a flexible substrate; or a plastic substrate; the first transmitter is configured to transmit one or more first signals; the one or more first signals are imperceptible to an unaided human; and when coupled to a first surface, at least a portion of the first apparatus is configured to be substantially imperceptible to an unaided human eye. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of: the portion of the first apparatus is configured to be substantially imperceptible to the unaided human eye at a distance of at least approximately 1 meter; at least one of the first substrate or the first transmitter is translucent; or the first transmitter comprises either one of (a) an infrared emitter to transmit the one or more first signals as infrared signals or (b) an RF transmitter at the first substrate to transmit the one or more first signals. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein: the first transmitter comprises a digital display; and the one or more signals are transmitted via the digital display. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein: the first transmitter is configured to transmit the one or more signals noncontinuously; and the first transmitter is configured to transmit the one or more signals upon at least one of: a receipt of a control signal; or an expiration of a predetermined period. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein: the first apparatus further comprises a power source at the first substrate to power the first apparatus; and the power source comprises at least one of: an organic solar cell, a flexible battery, one or more capacitors, a piezoelectric material, or a thermoelectric material. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein: the first apparatus further comprises: a first sensor coupled to the first transmitter and supported by the first substrate to scan a vicinity of the first apparatus for vicinity data; and processing circuitry at the substrate to generate a vicinity parameter based on the vicinity data; and the first transmitter is configured to transmit the vicinity parameter as part of the one or more signals. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein at least one of: the first apparatus further comprises a memory device supported by the first substrate and configured to store the vicinity parameter; the first sensor comprises at least one of an acoustic sensor, a motion sensor, a chemical sensor, a pressure sensor, an image sensor, or a temperature sensor; the first sensor comprises a MEMS device; or the vicinity parameter comprise at least one of a traffic presence parameter, a traffic flow parameter, a traffic quantity parameter, a noise parameter, a wireless signal parameter, or a chemical presence parameter. 8. The system of claim 1, further comprising at least one of: a placard attachable to a structure, the first surface comprising a placard surface of the placard and the first apparatus being coupled to the placard surface; the first apparatus further comprises a first receiver mechanism configured to receive one or more incoming signals, the one or more incoming signals comprising at least one of (a) one or more control signals or (b) one or more monitoring signals; or a remote monitor configured to receive and process the one or more signals from the first transmitter of the first apparatus. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein at least one of: the placard is flexible, and the first apparatus is configured to flex with the placard; or at least a portion of a side of the first apparatus facing away from the structure is covered by the placard when the placard is attached to the structure. 10. The system of claim 8, further comprising: a second apparatus comprising: a second substrate; a second transmitter supported by the second substrate; and at least one of: a receiver mechanism coupled to the second transmitter; or a second sensor coupled to the second transmitter. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein at least one of: the second transmitter is configured to transmit one or more second signals to the remote monitor, based on a scan by the second sensor, when attached to a second surface; or at least one of the remote monitor or the second apparatus is configured to receive the one or more first signals from the first apparatus via a line-of-sight transmission. 12. The system of claim 10, wherein: the receiver mechanism of the second apparatus is configured to receive one or more incoming signals comprising at least one of: one or more control signals; or at least a portion of the one or more first signals from the first apparatus; and the second transmitter is configured to relay at least a portion of the one or more incoming signals to at least one of the first apparatus or the remote monitor. 13. The system of claim 10, wherein: the first transmitter of the first apparatus is configured to transmit a monitoring signal; the second sensor of the second apparatus is configured to: receive the monitoring signal; and detect an interruption of the monitoring signal; and the second transmitter is configured to signal the interruption of the monitoring signal to the remote monitor to establish at least one of: a traffic parameter; or a disablement of the first transmitter. 14. A method comprising: providing a first apparatus comprising: a first substrate comprising at least one of a flexible substrate or a plastic substrate; a first sensor at the first substrate to scan a vicinity of the first apparatus; and a first transmitter at the first substrate and coupled to the first sensor, the first transmitter configured to transmit one or more first signals comprising information about the scan by the first sensor; providing a remote monitor to receive the one or more first signals from the first transmitter; scanning a vicinity of the first apparatus with the first sensor; transmitting one or more first signals with the first transmitter, at least a portion of the one or more first signals comprising information about the scan by the first sensor; and receiving the one or more first signals at the remote monitor to generate an assessment of the vicinity of the first apparatus; wherein: providing the first apparatus comprises: configuring the first apparatus to be substantially imperceptible to an unaided human eye when the first apparatus is coupled at a first structure. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising: providing the remote monitor in a line-of-sight relationship with the first transmitter. 16. The method of claim 14, further comprising: providing a second apparatus comprising: a second substrate; a receiver mechanism to receive the one or more first signals; and a second transmitter coupled to the receiver mechanism at the second substrate to forward the one or more first signals; providing the second receiver mechanism in a line-of-sight relationship with the first transmitter; providing the remote monitor in a line-of-sight relationship with the second transmitter; receiving the one or more first signals from the first apparatus at the receiver mechanism of the second apparatus; and forwarding the one or more first signals from the second transmitter to the remote monitor. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein at least one of: providing the first apparatus comprises at least one of: providing the first transmitter to comprise at least one of an organic light emitting diode, an electrophoretic display, or a cholesteric liquid crystal display; and configuring the first transmitter to transmit the one or more first signals via a reflective infrared modulation; Or providing the first transmitter to comprise an infrared reflector to transmit the one or more first signals as outbound infrared light reflected off the infrared reflector from incident infrared light, the incident infrared light comprising at least one of: (a) ambient infrared light; or (b) infrared light from an infrared emitter aimed at the first transmitter. 18. A method comprising: providing a first apparatus configured to transmit one or more first signals; wherein: providing the first apparatus comprises: providing a first substrate being substantially translucent and comprising at least one of: a flexible substrate; or a plastic substrate; providing a first transmitter at the first substrate to transmit the one or more first signals; and providing at least a portion of the first apparatus to be substantially imperceptible to an unaided human eye when attached to a surface. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein at least one of: providing the first transmitter comprises providing at least one of an infrared emitter, an electrophoretic display, a liquid crystal display, or an RF transmitter; or providing the first apparatus further comprises providing a power source at the first substrate to power the first apparatus, the power source comprising at least one of an organic solar cell, one or more capacitors, a piezoelectric material, a thermoelectric material, or a flexible battery. 20. The method of claim 18, further comprising at least one of: providing a placard attachable to a structure and comprising the surface and coupling the first apparatus to the surface of the placard, wherein the placard is flexible and the first apparatus is configured to flex with the placard; or providing a remote monitor configured to receive and process the one or more first signals to generate a vicinity report for the first apparatus. 21. The method of claim 18, wherein: providing the first apparatus further comprises: providing a first sensor coupled at the first substrate to the first transmitter, the first sensor comprising at least one of: a MEMS device, an acoustic sensor, a motion sensor, a chemical sensor, a pressure sensor, an image sensor, or a temperature sensor; configuring the first sensor to: scan a vicinity of the first apparatus; and generate a vicinity parameter based on the scan, the vicinity parameter comprising at least one of: a traffic presence parameter, a traffic flow parameter, a traffic quantity parameter, or a chemical presence parameter; and configuring the first transmitter to generate the one or more first signals to comprise the vicinity parameter. 22. The method of claim 18, further comprising: providing a second apparatus attachable to a second surface and configured to transmit one or more second signals; wherein: providing the second apparatus comprises: providing a second substrate; providing a second transmitter at the second substrate to transmit the one or more second signals; providing a second sensor coupled to the second transmitter at the second substrate; providing a receiver mechanism coupled to the second transmitter at the second substrate and configured to receive one or more incoming signals comprising at least one of: one or more control signals; or at least a portion of the one or more first signals from the first apparatus; and configuring the second transmitter to forward at least a portion of the one or more incoming signals as part of the one or more second signals. 