A performance enhancement device is disclosed comprising a chimney that is secured to an upward-facing air exhaust of the condenser unit of an air conditioning system for directing the hot air discharged from the condenser away from the air conditioning system. A sun screened enclosure may also be utilized for at least partially surrounding the condenser unit and protecting it from solar radiation. When used in conjunction with the chimney, the chimney extends above the uppermost extent of the sun screened enclosure. One or more misting nozzles may be disposed within the sun screened enclosure for dispersing a water mist within the enclosure. The misting nozzles may be controlled individually, or in groups. The performance enhancement device may comprise a sensor for sensing the operating state of the air conditioning system and the ambient temperature proximate to the condensing unit and a controller for receiving the operating state and temperature information and, based on the information, activating one or more misting nozzles. An activation sequence may be employed in which the number of activated misting nozzles is based on the ambient temperature information.
Claims 1. A performance enhancement device for an air conditioning system, wherein the air conditioning system comprises a condenser unit with an air intake for drawing air into the air conditioning system and an upward-facing air exhaust for exhausting warm air from the air conditioning system, the performance enhancement device comprising: a chimney coupled to the air exhaust of the condenser unit. 2. The performance enhancement device in claim 1, further comprising: a sun screened enclosure to protect the condenser unit from solar radiation. 3. The performance enhancement device in claim 2, wherein the sun screened enclosure further comprising: a sun screen material; and a plurality of vents. 4. The performance enhancement device in claim 3, wherein the plurality of vents are one of within the sun screen material, below the sun screen material, defined by a lower edge of the sun screen material and ground, and above the suns screen material. 5. The performance enhancement device in claim 4, wherein the chimney extends above the sun screened enclosure. 6. The performance enhancement device in claim 4, wherein the chimney extends above the sun screened enclosure by at least four inches. 7. The performance enhancement device in claim 3, wherein the chimney extends above the sun screened enclosure. 8. The performance enhancement device in claim 3, wherein the chimney extends above the sun screened enclosure by at least four inches. 9. The performance enhancement device in claim 7, further comprising: a fluid line for receiving water from a water source; and a misting nozzle coupled to the fluid line and disposed within the sun screened enclosure for disbursing a water mist within the sun screened enclosure. 10. The performance enhancement device in claim 9, further comprising: a solenoid valve for regulating water between the misting nozzle and the water source. 11. The performance enhancement device in claim 7, further comprising: a first misting zone comprising: a first fluid line for receiving water from a water source; and a first misting nozzle coupled to the first fluid line and disposed within the sun screened enclosure for disbursing a water mist within the sun screened enclosure; and a second misting zone comprising: a second fluid line for receiving water from the water source; and a second misting nozzle coupled to the second fluid line and disposed within the sun screened enclosure for disbursing a water mist within the sun screened enclosure. 12. The performance enhancement device in claim 11, wherein the first misting zone further comprises a first solenoid valve for regulating fluid between the first nozzle and the water source, and wherein the second misting zone further comprises a second solenoid valve for regulating fluid between the second nozzle and the water source. 13. The performance enhancement device in claim 10, further comprising: a cycle sensor for sensing an indicator to a current state of the air conditioning system; and a controller electrically coupled between the cycle sensor and the solenoid valve for receiving state indicators from the cycle sensor and transmitting an activation signal to the solenoid valve in response. 14. The performance enhancement device in claim 12, further comprising: a cycle sensor for sensing an indicator to a current state of the air conditioning system; a temperature sensor for monitoring ambient temperature of air proximate to the condenser unit; a controller electrically coupled between the cycle sensor, the temperature sensor and the first and second solenoid valves for receiving state indicators from the cycle sensor and ambient temperature information from the temperature sensor and transmitting a first activation signal to the first solenoid valve based on a comparison of the temperature information to a first temperature threshold. 15. The performance enhancement device in claim 14, wherein the controller transmits a second activation signal to the second solenoid valve based on a comparison of the temperature information to a second temperature threshold, wherein the second temperature threshold is greater than the first temperature threshold. 16. The performance enhancement device in claim 9, wherein one of the fluid line and misting nozzle is attached to the sun screened enclosure. 17. The performance enhancement device in claim 9, further comprising: a filter coupled between the fluid line and the water source. 18. The performance enhancement device in claim 3, wherein the sun screened enclosure further comprising: a frame structure. 