Systems, methods and apparatus are provided through which in some embodiments an autonomic unit transmits an otoacoustic signal to counteract a potentially harmful incoming signal.
Claims 1. A computer-accessible medium in an autonomic element, the computer-accessible medium having executable instructions of autonomic communication, the executable instructions capable of directing a processor to perform: receiving a potentially harmful signal; and transmitting an otoacoustic signal to counteract the potentially harmful signal. 2. The computer-accessible medium of claim 1, wherein the transmitting further comprises: transmitting to the autonomic element. 3. The computer-accessible medium of claim 1, wherein the potentially harmful signal is generated by a rogue agent. 4. The computer-accessible medium of claim 1, wherein the potentially harmful signal is generated by a rogue agent that has failed to engage in a satisfactory ALice exchange. 5. The computer-accessible medium of claim 1 wherein the potentially harmful signal represents: at least one safety/security issue/concern that can have an impact on the success of a mission or task which the autonomic element is configured to accomplish. 6. The computer-accessible medium of claim 1, wherein the rogue agent further comprises: a spurious signal. 7. The computer-accessible medium of claim 1, wherein the rogue agent further comprises: a second autonomic element that is engaging in behavior that is counterproductive to the autonomic element 8. The computer-accessible medium of claim 1, wherein the otoacoustic signal has an overriding effect on any reflex signal received by the autonomic element. 9. The computer-accessible medium of claim 1, wherein the otoacoustic signal renders the potentially harmful signal harmless. 10. The computer-accessible medium of claim 1, wherein the otoacoustic signal has an equalizing effect on any reflex signal received by the autonomic element. 11. The computer-accessible medium of claim 1, wherein the executable instructions further comprise: withdrawing a stay-awake signal. 12. An autonomic element comprising: a self-monitor that is operable to receive information from sensors and operable to monitor and analyze the sensor information and access a knowledge repository; a self-adjuster operably coupled to the self-monitor in a self control loop, the self adjuster operable to access the knowledge repository, the self adjuster operable to transmit data to effectors, and self adjuster operable to plan and execute; an environment-monitor that is operable to receive information from the sensors and operable to monitor and analyze the sensor information and access the knowledge repository; an autonomic manager communications component operably coupled to the environment-monitor in an environment control loop, the autonomic manager communications component being operable to access the knowledge repository, the autonomic manager communications operable to produce and transmit a pulse monitor signal; the pulse monitor signal including a heart beat monitor signal and a reflex signal, the reflex signal including self health/urgency data and environment health/urgency data; and an otoacoustic component operably coupled to the self-monitor and being operable to counteract a harmful signal. 13. The autonomic element of claim 12, wherein the otoacoustic component is further operable to generate an otoacoustic signal that has an overriding effect on any reflex signal received by the autonomic element. 14. The autonomic element of claim 12, wherein the otoacoustic component is further operable to generate an otoacoustic signal that renders the harmful signal harmless. 15. The autonomic element of claim 12, wherein the otoacoustic component is further operable to generate an otoacoustic signal that has an equalizing effect on any reflex signal received by the autonomic element. 16. The autonomic element of claim 12 wherein the harmful signal represents: at least one safety/security issue/concern that can have an impact on the success of a mission or task which the autonomic element is configured to accomplish. 17. The autonomic element of claim 12, wherein the harmful signal is generated by a rogue agent. 18. The autonomic element of claim 12, wherein the harmful signal is generated by a rogue agent that has failed to engage in a satisfactory ALice exchange. 19. The autonomic element of claim 18, wherein the rogue agent further comprises: a spurious signal. 20. The autonomic element of claim 18, wherein the rogue agent further comprises: a second autonomic element that is engaging in behavior that is counterproductive to the autonomic element. 21. An autonomic system comprising: a plurality of autonomic agents performing one or more programmed tasks; a coordinating autonomic agent for assigning a programmed task and for issuing instructions to the plurality of autonomic agents; and a messenger autonomic agent for facilitating communication between the coordinating autonomic agent, the plurality of autonomic agents, and a remote system, wherein one or more programmed task performed by the plurality of autonomic agents is at least generating signals indicative of a potentially harmful signal, wherein the coordinating autonomic agent transmits an otoacoustic signal to one or more of the plurality of autonomic agents, based on the generated signals. 22. The autonomic system of claim 21, wherein the potentially harmful signal represents: at least one safety/security issue/concern that can have an impact on the success of a mission or task which the autonomic system is configured to accomplish. 23. The autonomic system of claim 21, wherein the potentially harmful signal is generated by a rogue agent. 24. The autonomic system of claim 21, wherein the potentially harmful signal is generated by a rogue agent that has failed to engage in a satisfactory ALice exchange. 25. The autonomic system of claim 24, wherein the rogue agent further comprises: a spurious signal. 26. The autonomic system of claim 24, wherein the rogue agent further comprises: a second autonomic element that is engaging in behavior that is counterproductive to the autonomic element 27. An autonomous nanotechnology swarm comprising: a first worker composed of self-similar autonomic components; a second worker composed of self-similar autonomic components; a third worker composed of self-similar autonomic components; wherein the third worker facilitates communication between the first worker and the second worker; wherein the first worker generates a heart beat monitor signal and pulse monitor signal; and wherein the second worker includes an otoacoustic component that is operable to counteract a harmful signal. 28. The autonomous nanotechnology swarm of claim 27, wherein the otoacoustic component is further operable to generate an otoacoustic signal that has an overriding effect on any reflex signal received by the autonomous nanotechnology swarm. 29. The autonomous nanotechnology swarm of claim 27, wherein the otoacoustic component is further operable to generate an otoacoustic signal that renders the harmful signal harmless. 30. The autonomous nanotechnology swarm of claim 27, wherein the otoacoustic component is further operable to generate an otoacoustic signal that has an equalizing effect on any reflex signal received by the autonomous nanotechnology swarm. 31. The autonomous nanotechnology swarm of claim 27, wherein each worker further comprises: a first plurality of neural basis functions; and a first evolvable neural interface operably coupled to each of the first plurality of neural basis functions. 32. The autonomous nanotechnology swarm of claim 27, wherein each worker further comprises: a solar sailing subset of neural basis functions operable to control sail deployment and subsequent configuration activity; a spacecraft inter communication subset of neural basis functions operable to control communication with other workers and rulers; a housekeeping subset of neural basis functions operable to control the spacecraft housekeeping; a ruler subset of neural basis functions operable to coordinate all activities; and a spacecraft navigation and propulsion subset of neural basis functions operable to control navigation and propulsion. 33. A computer-accessible medium having executable instructions to construct an environment to satisfy increasingly demanding external requirements, the executable instructions capable of directing a processor to perform: instantiating an embryonic evolvable neural interface; evolving the embryonic evolvable neural interface towards complex complete connectivity; wherein the evolvable neural interface receives one or more heart beat monitor signal, pulse monitor signal, and otoacoustic signals; and, wherein the evolvable neural interface generates one or more heart beat monitor signal, pulse monitor signal, and otoacoustic signals. 34. The computer-accessible medium of claim 33, wherein the embryonic evolvable neural interface further comprises: a neural thread possessing only a most primitive and minimal connectivity. 35. A method for protecting an autonomic system when encountering one or more autonomic agents, the method comprising: determining the potential harm of the autonomic agent; sending an otoacoustic signal to the autonomic agent; and monitoring the response of the autonomic agent to the otoacoustic signal. 36. The method of claim 35, the method further comprising: controlling the autonomic system based on the autonomic agent potential for causing harm to the autonomic system. 37. The method of claim 36, wherein controlling the autonomic system further comprises: generating a signal to the autonomic agent to withdraw the autonomic agent stay-alive/stay-awake. 38. A computer-accessible medium having executable instructions to protect an autonomic system when encountering one or more autonomic agent, the executable instructions capable of directing a processor to perform: sending a otoacoustic signal to the autonomic agent; monitoring the response of the autonomic agent to the otoacoustic signal; and determining the autonomic agent potential for causing harm to the autonomic system. 39. The computer-accessible medium of claim 38, the method further comprising: controlling the autonomic system based on the autonomic agent potential for causing harm to the autonomic system, wherein the otoacoustic signal is intended to equalize the potential harm of the autonomic agent. 40. The computer-accessible medium of claim 39, wherein controlling the autonomic system further comprises: generating a signal to the autonomic system to counteract a signal of the autonomic agent. 41. A computer system for protecting an autonomic system when encountering one or more autonomic agent comprising: a processor; a storage device coupled to the processor; and software means operative on the processor for: (i) sending an otoacoustic signal to the autonomic agent; (ii) monitoring the response of the autonomic agent to the otoacoustic signal; and (iii) determining the autonomic agent potential for causing harm to the autonomic system. 42. The computer system of claim 41, wherein the otoacoustic signal has an overriding effect on any potentially harmful signal received by the autonomic system. 43. The computer system of claim 42, the otoacoustic signal renders the potentially harmful signal harmless. 44. The computer system of claim 42, wherein the otoacoustic signal has an equalizing effect on any reflex signal received by the autonomic system. 