A filling device for use to manually or automatically refill a fuel cartridge using a separate fuel container or a second fuel cartridge is disclosed. The filling device provides for the sharing or fuel among numerous fuel containers and fuel cartridges in various consumer electronic devices. Fuel cartridges can be filled in-situ using an adapter for connecting the fuel container to the fuel cartridge. The adapter includes an input connector and an output connector arranged to adapt various fuel containers and fuel cartridges together. The adapter can be arranged as a passive device or as an active device and can include pumps, valves, power sources and control units as desired.
Claims 1. A filling system comprising: a fuel supply having at least a first valve connector arranged to supply fuel to a fuel chamber having at least a second valve connector, wherein the fuel chamber supplies fuel to a fuel cell that powers an electronic device, wherein the first valve connector is connectable to the second valve connector so that the fuel supply refills the fuel chamber, and wherein when the valve connectors are not connected to each other the first valve connector provides a seal for the fuel supply and the second valve connector provides a seal for the fuel chamber. 2. The filling system of claim 1, wherein the fuel chamber comprises a fuel cartridge supplying fuel to the fuel cell. 3. The filling system of claim 2, wherein said fuel cartridge is located internal to the electronic device. 4. The filling system of claim 3, wherein said fuel cartridge is removable from the electronic device. 5. The filling system of claim 1, wherein the fuel supply comprises a stand-alone fuel container. 6. The filling system of claim 1, wherein the fuel supply comprises a second fuel chamber adapted to supply fuel to a second fuel cell disposed in a second electronic device. 7. The filling system of claim 6, wherein the second fuel chamber comprises a fuel cartridge. 8. The filling system of claim 6, wherein the second fuel chamber comprises a removable fuel cartridge. 9. The filling system of claim 1, wherein the first valve connector comprises a first component of a two-part valve and the second valve connector comprises a second component of the two-part valve component. 10. The filling system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the valve connectors is retractable. 11. The filling system of claim 1, wherein filling system further comprises a manifold, wherein the manifold comprises an input connectable to the first valve connector and a plurality of outputs, wherein at least one of the outputs is connectable to the second valve connector. 12. The filling system of claim 11, wherein the manifold further comprises at least one valve to control the flow of fuel from the input to the plurality of outputs. 13. An adapter for connecting a first fuel supply to a second fuel supply comprising: an input connector to connect the adapter to the first fuel supply; and an output connector to connect the adapter to the second fuel supply; and wherein the adapter is arranged to transfer fuel from the first fuel supply to the second fuel supply. 14. The adapter of claim 13, wherein the adapter further comprises a pump. 15. The adapter of claim 14, wherein the pump is a manual pump. 16. The adapter of claim 14, wherein the pump is an electric pump. 17. The adapter of claim 16, wherein the adapter further comprises a power source to supply power to the electric pump. 18. The adapter of claim 17, wherein the power source comprises a battery. 19. The adapter of claim 17, wherein the power source comprises a solar panel. 20. The adapter of claim 17, wherein the power source comprises a fuel cell. 21. The adapter of claim 13, wherein a power source disposed in at least one of the fuel supplies and is adapted to supply power to an electric pump disposed in the adapter and adapted to transfer fuel from the first fuel supply to the second fuel supply. 22. The adapter of claim 21, wherein said at least one of the fuel supplies comprises a first set of electrical connectors and the adapter contains a second set of electrical connectors in contact with the first set of electrical connectors to supply power from the power source to the adapter. 23. The adapter of claim 17, wherein the adapter further comprises an electrical switch in communication with the pump. 24. The adapter of claim 13 further comprising at least one valve arranged to selectively stop the flow of fuel from the first fuel supply to the second fuel supply. 25. The adapter of claim 13, wherein the first fuel supply comprises a first half of a two-component valve and the input connector comprises a second half of the two-component valve. 26. The adapter of claim 13, wherein the second fuel supply is disposed in an electronic device and the adapter transfers fuel to the second fuel supply in-situ. 27. The adapter of claim 26, wherein the electronic device comprises a retractable valve connector connectable to the output connector on the adapter. 28. The adapter of claim 13, wherein one of the fuel supplies comprises a system for monitoring the amount of fuel contained therein and the adapter is in communication with the fuel monitoring system. 29. The adapter of claim 28, wherein said one of the fuel supplies comprises a first set of electrical connectors in contact with the fuel monitoring system and the adapter contains a second set of electrical connectors in contact with the first set of electrical connectors to receive information from the fuel monitoring system. 30. The adapter of claim 13 further comprises a display. 31. The adapter of claim 30, wherein the display comprises a light emitting diode or a liquid crystal display. 32. The adapter of claim 13, wherein the adapter comprises a logic control unit controlling the operation of the adapter. 33. The adapter of claim 13, wherein the adapter further comprises a system to monitor a level of fuel within the second fuel supply and the monitoring system stops the flow of fuel from the first fuel supply when the level in the second fuel supply reaches a predetermined level. 34. The adapter of claim 33, wherein the second fuel supply comprises a fuel gauge to measure the amount of fuel in the second fuel supply and the monitoring system is in communication with the fuel gauge. 35. The adapter of claim 33, wherein the monitoring system comprises a logic control unit to control operation of the adapter. 36. The adapter of claim 33, wherein the predetermined value is less than about 85% to about 95% of fuel chamber capacity. 37-42. (canceled) 43. A filling system comprising: a fuel supply having at least a first valve connector arranged to supply fuel to a fuel chamber having at least a second valve connector, wherein the fuel chamber supplies fuel to a micro gas-turbine engine, wherein the first valve connector is connectable to the second valve connector so that the fuel supply refills the fuel chamber, and wherein when the valve connectors are not connected to each other the first valve connector provides a seal for the fuel supply and the second valve connector provides a seal for the fuel chamber. 44. The fuel supply of claim 1 further comprising means for monitoring the level of fuel in the fuel chamber. 45. The fuel supply of claim 44 further comprising means for stopping the transfer of fuel when the fuel level in the fuel chamber reaches a predetermined value. 46. The fuel supply of claim 45, wherein the transfer of fuel is stopped when the fuel level reaches about 85% to about 95% of the capacity of the fuel chamber. 47. The fuel supply of claim 1, further comprising an adapter configured to be inserted between the first valve connecter and the second valve connector during connection thereof. 48. The fuel supply of claim 47, wherein the adapter is configured to monitor the level of fuel in the fuel chamber and stop the transfer of fuel when the fuel level in the fuel chamber reaches a predetermined value. 