A system and method for creating and using energy credits derived from the construction or transportation sectors while maintaining green certification. The system and method uses buildings or vehicles. The energy consumption of a building or vehicle is first reduced by identifying and placing predetermined components in the building or vehicle. That energy reduction is then designated as an energy credit derived from and associated with the construction sector or transportation sector. The credit is then marketed and sold. The remaining or residual energy consumption associated with use of the building or vehicle is then offset through the purchase of outside energy credits. The buildings or vehicles are then certified as green.
Claims 1. A method for creating and using energy credits, said credits being derived from the transportation industry, while also maintaining green certification, comprising the steps of: identifying a vehicle; ascertaining a base level of energy consumption for normal use of said vehicle; choosing to reduce said base level of energy consumption by a certain amount; identifying one or more components, which, if installed on said vehicle, would reduce said base level of energy consumption of said vehicle by said certain amount; obtaining said components; installing said components on said vehicle; verifying that said installed components reduce said energy consumption of said vehicle by said certain amount; designating said certain amount as an energy credit; ascertaining direct and indirect carbon emissions generated from normal operation of said vehicle with said components installed; purchasing energy credits to offset said direct and indirect carbon emissions generated from said vehicle; and certifying said vehicle as green. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of marketing said energy credit to potential purchasers of the energy credit. 3. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of exchanging said energy credit for a monetary value. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the step of identifying a vehicle comprises identifying a vehicle selected from the group consisting of automobiles, trucks, locomotives, trains, watercraft, and aircraft. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the step of identifying a vehicle comprises identifying an automobile. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the steps of identifying, obtaining, and installing components comprises identifying, obtaining, and installing components selected from the group consisting of carburetors, computer systems for controlling energy usage, fuel injection systems, catalytic converters, braking systems, solar generating components, wind generating components, paint products, electric engine components, battery packs for powering an electric engine, exhaust systems, components for decreasing wind drag, and tires. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein the step of verifying comprises on-site inspection of the performance of said components. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein on-site inspection is conducted by reading monitoring devices connected to said components. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein the step of verifying comprises off-site inspection of the performance of said components. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein off-site inspection is conducted by collecting data from transmitting monitoring devices which are connected to said components on-site. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein the steps of the method are performed directly as a service by a single business entity. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein the steps of the method are performed indirectly as a service by a single business entity. 13. The method of claim 1 wherein the steps of identifying, obtaining, and installing components comprises identifying, obtaining, and installing components selected from the group consisting of fuel additives, synthetic fuel products, and/or other replacement fuels can be used to increase the energy efficiency performance of a vehicle. 