An unattended gas station is disclosed having lockable pumps usable by a control group of purchasers who are provided with unlocking keys or cards, said pumps having flame and heat detectors and fire suppressants associated therewith and being monitored from a remote location by a security company through cameras and the detectors who can activate said fire suppressants and contact necessary fire, medical, and law enforcement personnel if needed.
Claims I claim: 1. A method for dispensing motor vehicle fuel at an unattended location comprising the steps of placing at least one lockable pump that can be activated by the combination of a card or key unlock means and cash or credit card payment means, positioning a surveillance camera at said location, providing a flame and heat detector in association with said pump providing a controlled group of users or purchasers with unlocking means for said group, and providing remote surveillance of said pump location through said camera. 2. A method for dispensing motor vehicle fuel at an unattended location comprising the steps of: a) providing a location for a fuel dispensing station, said location being without any provision for an attendant to be present on the premises; b) providing a remote monitoring station with a trained attendant; c) establishing a purchasing membership group whose members will use the dispensing station for fueling their vehicles; d) installing and maintaining at least one fuel dispensing pump and storage and supply tank at said location; e) providing a surveillance camera that can survey the immediate vicinity around said location and transmit images to said remote station; f) providing flame detector means positioned to detect flame in the vicinity of said pump; g) providing means for dispensing fire suppressant chemicals to and around said pumps, the dispensing of said suppressant chemicals being activated by signal from said flame detector; h) providing said pumps with locking means and providing each member with unlocking means for said pump, said pumps being activated by employing a combination of said unlocking means and a payment means; i) continuously monitoring the flame detector and camera at the unattended location by the trained attendant at the remote location who can immediately survey the station should a detector signal an alarm or should the attendant observe questionable activity, said trained attendant having an immediate, prearranged access to local fire, police, and emergency medical services; and, j) dispensing fuel into the vehicle of a member who has unlocked the pump and provided payment means. 3. The method of claim 2 including in step (g) the step of additionally providing smoke, fuel vapor, heat, impact, and carbon monoxide detectors. 4. The method of claim 2 including the step of providing a security canopy for said at least one pump and wherein said detectors and cameras are located in said canopy. 5. The method of claim 2 including providing in said canopy fire suppressant chemicals for suppressing a gasoline fire. 6. A method for dispensing motor vehicle fuel at an unattended location comprising the steps of: a) providing a readily accessible location for a fuel dispensing station, said location being without any provision for an attendant to be at the location; b) establishing a purchasing group whose members are authorized to use the dispensing station for fueling their vehicles; c) providing fuel dispensing pumps with a security canopy positioned thereover, said canopy having smoke, heat, fuel vapor, carbon monoxide, smoke, and impact detectors, security surveillance wide angle cameras that can survey the immediate vicinity around said location installed thereupon; d) providing speakers for audibly contacting anyone within the area of the station; e) providing direct dispensing means for water or gasoline fire suppressant chemicals and materials; f) providing said pumps with locking means and providing each member with a key means or coded card means to unlock said pump; g) providing said pumps with payment means, said pumps being operable when unlocked and said payment means activated; h) providing a monitoring location remote from said fuel pump station; i) providing a trained attendant at said location who can immediately survey the station should one of the detectors signal an alarm or should the attendant observe questionable activity, said trained attendant having an immediate, prearranged access to local fire, police, and emergency medical services. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein step b) is performing by providing at the fuel pump programmed LCD screen with prompts for membership enrollment whereby a prospective member follows prompts to provide information and accept liability to become a member. 8. A motor vehicle fuel dispensing station for an unattended location comprising: a) at lest one fuel dispensing, lockable pump activated by payment means and unlocked by unlocking means; said pump being located on premises without provision for an attendant; b) flame detection means and surveillance means; c) a monitoring location remote from said station, said monitoring location being equipped to receive signals from said flame detector and to observe the premises around said station with said surveillance means; and d) means for contacting and directing fire, police, and emergency medical personnel to said pump location. 9. The station of claim 8 wherein said surveillance means to a video cameras and including a security canopy positioned above said pump, said canopy having said camera positioned therein. 10. The station of claim 8 wherein said flame detector is a weatherproof, solar blind, narrow wave length detector. 11. The station of claim 10 including a multiplicity of pumps. 12. The station of claim 11 wherein each pump has at least two flame detectors associated therewith. 13. The station of claim 8 including audio two-way speaker phone connection from said filling station to said monitoring status. 14. The station of claim 9 including at least one heat detector in said canopy. 15. The station of claim 7 wherein said pump has associated therewith a programmed LCD screen for enrolling members. 16. A method of operating motor vehicle refueling stations at unattended locations comprising the steps of: a) contracting with a security agency having continuous surveillance of multiple locations and established contacts with police, fire, and emergency medical services, said security agency having personnel at the monitoring station at all times; b) installing a motor vehicle refueling station at an unattended location, said motor vehicle refueling station having a lockable dispensing pump actuated by payment means, and unlocking means; c) enrolling members to use said unattended station; d) positioning a canopy over said pumps having a flame detector, a surveillance camera and audio means for receiving and sending audible information to said station; and e) providing fire extinguishing liquids and water dispenser in said canopy; f) monitoring conditions at said unattended location at the security agency; g) when signals received or questionable activity observed at the refueling station by the surveillance person at the monitoring station, determining the appropriate response needed for such signal or activity; h) contacting and dispatching the appropriate police, fire, or emergency medical service agency; or giving voice instructions to said station; i) taking corrective activity as required by voice commands, alarms, or by directing fire extinguishing liquids or water. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein step a) includes the step of establishing a security agency and not contracting with a security agency. 18. The method of claim 16 including heat detecting means associated with said canopy. 19. The method of claim 16 wherein the step of enrolling members includes providing means at the unattended station for providing identification and credit information for prospective membership. 20. In the method of dispensing motor vehicle fuel from a self-service pump that is activated by credit card or cash payment the improvement comprising the steps of: a) placing said pump at an unattended location; b) providing a surveillance camera through which the pumps and premises therearound may be observed from a remote location; c) providing a flame detector and positioning same to be responsive to flame at or around said pump, said detector shutting down said pump upon detecting flame, and sending a signal to said remote location; and d) dispensing fuel into a vehicle upon activation of said pump. 21. The method of claim 20 including a heat detector with means for transmitting a signal to said remote location. 22. The method of claim 20 wherein in step c) the flame detector signal is also sent to the local fire department. 23. The method of claim 20 including the steps of providing key or card lockable pumps and establishing a purchasing group whose members are provided with keys or unlocking cards for operating said pumps. 