The present disclosure provides systems, devices, and methods of utilizing signal-processing techniques to detect at least one degrading component of a power conversion unit located in an energy generation or storage unit. The systems, devices, and methods of the present disclosure are applicable to a wide range of energy generation and energy storage units, from commercial power plants to residential solar applications to electric vehicles. The present disclosure provides a real-time data-acquisition system that extracts actual performance data during the operation of the unit, and compares its performance with historic performance (especially changes over time or derivative performance information) in order to predict device performance or failure.
Claims 1. A method comprising: monitoring input data associated with an input to a photovoltaic inverter; monitoring output data associated with an output from the photovoltaic inverter; analyzing the input data and the output data to identify trends predictive of failure of the photovoltaic inverter based on the input data and the output data. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein analyzing the input and output data is performed in substantially real-time. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein analyzing the input and output data includes calculating derivatives of the input and output data. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the input and output data that is analyzed comprises at least one of equivalent static resistance ("ESR"), leakage current, cross-conduction, rise-time, fall-time, response time, and signal propagation delay. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein monitoring the input data and monitoring the output data are performed by a slave sensor that is in communication with a master sensor. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the analyzing is performed at least in part by the master sensor. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the analyzing is performed at least in part by a server that is in communication with the master sensor. 8. The method of claim 6, wherein the analyzing is performed based algorithms for identifying the trends received by the master sensor from a central server. 9. The method of claim 1, further comprising alerting an operator of the photovoltaic inverter of an identified trend predictive of failure of the photovoltaic inverter. 10. The method of claim 5, further comprising monitoring input data and output data associated with a plurality of photovoltaic inverters with a plurality of slave sensors, each of the slave sensors in communication with the master sensor. 11. A system comprising: a first master sensor module in communication with a central server; and a plurality of slave sensors in communication with the master sensor, each of the slave sensors having at least an input current sensor and an output current sensor for monitoring input and output data associated with a photovoltaic inverter; wherein the system is configured to analyze the input and output data associated with the photovoltaic inverter to identify trends predictive of failure of the photovoltaic inverter. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the master sensor module receives updated algorithms for identifying the trends predictive of failure from the central server 13. The system of claim 11, further comprising a second master sensor module in communication with the plurality of slave sensors. 14. The system of claim 11, wherein the plurality of slave sensors communicate with the master sensor utilizing broadband-over-powerline (BPL) communication. 15. The system of claim 11, wherein at least one of the slave sensors further comprises an ambient temperature sensor for monitoring an ambient temperature adjacent the associated photovoltaic inverter and an internal temperature sensor for monitoring an internal temperature of the photovoltaic inverter. 16. An apparatus comprising: an input current sensor for monitoring input data associated with an input to a photovoltaic inverter; an output current sensor for monitoring output data associated with an output from the photovoltaic inverter; at least one processing unit in communication with the input current sensor and the output current sensor, the at least one processing unit programmed to analyze the input data and the output data to identify trends predictive of failure of the photovoltaic inverter based on the input data and the output data. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, further comprising a communication transceiver in electrical communication with the at least one processing unit, the communication transceiver facilitating communication between the at least one processing unit and a central server such that the at least one processing unit receives updated algorithms for identifying the trends from the central server. 18. The apparatus of claim 16, further comprising: an ambient temperature sensor for monitoring an ambient temperature in the vicinity of the photovoltaic inverter; and an internal temperature sensor for monitoring an internal temperature of the photovoltaic inverter; the ambient temperature sensor and the internal temperature sensor in communication with the at least one processing unit. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, further comprising: an input voltage protection circuit; and an output voltage protection circuit; the input and output voltage protection circuits each in communication with the at least one processing unit. 20. The apparatus of claim 16, further comprising: at least one high speed analog-to-digital converter and at least one low speed analog-to-digital converter positioned between the input current sensor and the at least one processing unit. 