A method and system for tracking the presence of persons, particularly security personnel, at a predetermined location within a prescribed window of time. Persons input information at predetermined locations and this input information is transmitted to a central server. The input information is compared to predetermined parameters and alerts are provided if the input information does not fall within permissible parameters.
Claims I claim: 1. A method for tracking persons, said method comprising: receiving input from persons; transmitting said input, the location of said input, and the time of said input to a server; comparing said input, said location and said time to a predetermined set of permissible parameters for said input, said location and said time; and providing an alert if one or more of said input, said location or said time do not fall within said permissible parameters. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising generating reports based on said comparison between said input and said permissible parameters. 3. The method of claim 1 further comprising the ability to clear said alert. 4. The method of claim 1 further comprising two-way wireless communication between a keypad assembly at said location and said server. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein said permissible parameter for said time is a time of day and a calendar date when said persons are expected to visit said location. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein said input is a predetermined code that identifies each of said persons. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein said input is biometric impression information that identifies each of said persons. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein said input received from said persons is an array of reporting information. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein said input received from said persons is an array of reporting information and wherein said array of reporting information is a code or codes indicating an observed condition at said location. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein said input received from said persons is an array of reporting information, wherein said array of reporting information is a code or codes indicating an observed condition at said location, and wherein at least a portion of said code or codes is selected from the group consisting of panic button, inspection made, supervisor key, reference to incident report, on duty, on site, off duty, off site, clock in and clock off. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein a display panel on the keypad assembly produces a series of prompts requesting specific information. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein a display panel on the keypad assembly produces a series of prompts requesting specific information and wherein at least a portion of said specific information is selected from the group consisting of location, time, verification code and threat level. 13. The method of claim 1 wherein said input is transmitted directly in a wireless manner between said location and said server. 14. The method of claim 1 wherein said input is transmitted directly in a wireless manner between said location and said server and wherein said wireless manner is selected from the group consisting of email, cellular, and satellite transmissions. 15. The method of claim 1 wherein said input is relayed in a wireless manner between said location and said server. 16. The method of claim 1 wherein said input is relayed in a wireless manner between said location and said server and said wireless manner is selected from the group consisting of email, cellular, and satellite transmissions. 17. The method of claim 1 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data. 18. The method of claim 1 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data and wherein said software program identifies and records said input, said location, and said time. 19. The method of claim 1 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data and wherein said software program determines whether said persons have provided said input within said permissible parameters. 20. The method of claim 1 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data and wherein said software program sends an alert to a dispatcher, security manager, or third party responder if said input does not fall within said permissible parameters. 21. The method of claim 1 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data, wherein said software program sends an alert to a dispatcher, security manager, or third party responder if said input does not fall within said permissible parameters, and wherein said alert signals the success or failure of said persons to provide said input within said permissible parameters. 22. The method of claim 1 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data, wherein said software program sends an alert to a dispatcher, security manager, or third party responder if said input does not fall within said permissible parameters, and wherein said alert continues until a proper inspection is made and logged into said software program. 23. The method of claim 1 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data, wherein said software program sends an alert to a dispatcher, security manager, or third party responder if said input does not fall within said permissible parameters, and wherein said alert signals that a keypad assembly is damaged, destroyed, or removed from said location. 24. The method of claim 1 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data, wherein said software program sends an alert to a dispatcher, security manager, or third party responder if said input does not fall within said permissible parameters, and wherein said dispatcher, said security manager, or said third party responder is able to relay said alert to organizations on a predetermined list. 25. The method of claim 1 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data, wherein said software program sends an alert to a dispatcher, security manager, or third party responder if said input does not fall within said permissible parameters, wherein said dispatcher, said security manager, or said third party responder is able to relay said alert to organizations on a predetermined list, and wherein at least one of said organizations is selected from the group consisting of local police, a security agency, fire personnel, hazardous material spill response team, or a remote security administrator at a corporate headquarters location. 26. The method of claim 1 wherein said persons are security personnel. 27. The method of claim 1 wherein said persons are security personnel and wherein a security manager can request a variety of different reports to determine the effectiveness of said security personnel. 28. The method of claim 1 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data and wherein access to said server, said software program, and said data is limited to a predetermined list of personnel. 29. The method of claim 1 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data and wherein access to said software program is required to clear an alert. 30. The method of claim 1 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data and wherein specific criteria is required to access said server, said software program and said data. 31. The method of claim 1 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data and wherein said software program prevents the change or alteration of a report. 32. The method of claim 1 wherein power for said keypad assembly is selected from the group consisting of battery power, solar power, and electrical power. 33. The method of claim 1 wherein the keypad for inputting said input is protected by a tamperproof housing. 34. The method of claim 1 wherein said location is selected from the group consisting of residences, highway picnic or rest stops, remote locations, construction sites, convenience stores, grocery or retail stores, restaurants, and office buildings. 35. A method for sending an alert when security personnel fail to properly report during their rounds, comprising: configuring a server with a software program, said software program being preconfigured with permissible parameters for data to be received from security personnel, the location from which said data is to be received and the time at which said data is to be entered; maintaining keypads through which said security personnel can input said data at locations to be monitored by said security personnel; providing a two-way connection between said keypad and said server; upon the receipt of data from said keypad, comparing said data, said location from which said data was received and said time at which said data was entered with said permissible parameters; and providing an alert if one or more of said data, said location from which said data was entered or said time at which said data was entered do not fall within said permissible parameters. 36. A method for tracking security personnel during their rounds, comprising: providing security personnel with instructions to enter specified data into keypads located along their appointed routes; monitoring when said specified data is entered into said keypad, the time at which said specified data is entered and the location from which said specified data is entered; and sounding an alert if said specified data, said location from which said specified data is entered or said time at which said specified data is entered do not fall within the permissible parameters. 37. A method for tracking security personnel, comprising: means for entering data at locations to be monitored by security personnel; means for transmitting data from said locations to a server; means at said server for monitoring said data, the location at which said data was entered and the time at which said data was entered; means for comparing said data, said location and said time to permissible parameters; and means for providing an alert if one or more of said data, said location or said time do not fall within said permissible parameters. 38. A system for tracking persons comprising: receiving input from persons; transmitting said input, the location of said input, and the time of said input to a server; comparing said input, said location and said time to a predetermined set of permissible parameters for said input, said location and said time; and providing an alert if one or more of said input, said location or said time do not fall within said permissible parameters. 39. The system of claim 38 further including generating reports based on said comparison between said input, said locations and said time and said permissible parameters. 40. The system of claim 38 further including the ability to clear said alert. 41. The system of claim 38 further including two-way wireless communication between a keypad assembly at said location and said server. 42. The system of claim 38 wherein said permissible parameter for said time is a time of day and a calendar date when said persons are expected to visit said location. 43. The system of claim 38 wherein said input is a predetermined code that identifies each of said persons. 44. The system of claim 38 wherein said input is biometric impression information that identifies each of said persons. 45. The system of claim 38 wherein said input received from said persons is an array of reporting information. 46. The system of claim 38 wherein said input received from said persons is an array of reporting information and wherein said array of reporting information is a code or codes indicating an observed condition at said location. 47. The system of claim 38 wherein said input received from said persons is an array of reporting information, wherein said array of reporting information is a code or codes indicating an observed condition at said location, and wherein at least a portion of said code or codes is selected from the group consisting of panic button, inspection made, supervisor key, reference to incident report, on duty, on site, off duty, off site, clock in and clock off. 48. The system of claim 38 wherein a display panel on the keypad assembly produces a series of prompts requesting specific information. 49. The system of claim 38 wherein a display panel on the keypad assembly produces a series of prompts requesting specific information and wherein at least a portion of said specific information is selected from the group consisting of location, time, verification code and threat level. 50. The system of claim 38 wherein said input is transmitted directly in a wireless manner between said location and said server. 51. The system of claim 38 wherein said input is transmitted directly in a wireless manner between said location and said server and wherein said wireless manner is selected from the group consisting of email, cellular, and satellite transmissions. 52. The system of claim 38 wherein said input is relayed in a wireless manner between said location and said server. 53. The system of claim 38 wherein said input is relayed in a wireless manner between said location and said server and wherein said wireless manner is selected from the group consisting of email, cellular, and satellite transmissions. 54. The system of claim 38 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data. 55. The system of claim 38 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data and wherein said software program identifies and records said input, said location, and said time. 56. The system of claim 38 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data and wherein said software program determines whether said persons have provided said input within said permissible parameters. 57. The system of claim 38 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data and wherein said software program sends an alert to a dispatcher, security manager, or third party responder if said input does not fall within said permissible parameters. 58. The system of claim 38 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data, wherein said software program sends an alert to a dispatcher, security manager, or third party responder if said input does not fall within said permissible parameters, and wherein said alert signals the success or failure of said persons to provide said input within said permissible parameters. 59. The system of claim 38 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data, wherein said software program sends an alert to a dispatcher, security manager, or third party responder if said input does not fall within said permissible parameters, and wherein said alert continues until a proper inspection is made and logged into said software program. 60. The system of claim 38 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data, wherein said software program sends an alert to a dispatcher, security manager, or third party responder if said input does not fall within said permissible parameters, and wherein said alert signals that a keypad assembly is damaged, destroyed, or removed from said location. 61. The system of claim 38 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data, wherein said software program sends an alert to a dispatcher, security manager, or third party responder if said input does not fall within said permissible parameters, and wherein said dispatcher, said security manager, or said third party responder is able to relay said alert to organizations on a predetermined list. 62. The system of claim 38 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data, wherein said software program sends an alert to a dispatcher, security manager, or third party responder if said input does not fall within said permissible parameters, wherein said dispatcher, said security manager, or said third party responder is able to relay said alert to organizations on a predetermined list, and wherein at least one of said organizations is selected from the group consisting of local police, a security agency, fire personnel, hazardous material spill response team, or a remote security administrator at a corporate headquarters location. 63. The system of claim 38 wherein said persons are security personnel. 64. The system of claim 38 wherein said persons are security personnel and wherein a security manager can request a variety of different reports to determine the effectiveness of said security personnel. 65. The system of claim 38 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data and wherein said access to said server, said software program, and said data is limited to a predetermined list of personnel. 66. The system of claim 38 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data and wherein said access to said software program is required to clear an alert. 67. The system of claim 38 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data and wherein specific criteria is required to access said server, said software program and said data. 68. The system of claim 38 wherein said server provides access to a software program for receiving information, providing reports and storing data and wherein said software program prevents the change or alteration of a report. 69. The system of claim 38 wherein power for said keypad assembly is selected from the group consisting of battery power, solar power, and electrical power. 70. The system of claim 38 wherein the keypad for inputting said input is protected by a tamperproof housing. 71. The system of claim 38 wherein said location is selected from the group consisting of residences, highway picnic or rest stops, remote locations, construction sites, convenience stores, grocery or retail stores, restaurants, and office buildings. 72. A system for sending an alert when security personnel fail to properly report during their rounds, comprising: configuring a server with a software program, said software program being preconfigured with permissible parameters for data to be received from security personnel, the location from which said data is to be received and the time at which said data is to be entered; maintaining keypads through which said security personnel can input said data at locations to be monitored by said security personnel; providing a two-way connection between said keypad and said server; upon the receipt of data from said keypad, comparing said data, said location from which said data was received and said time at which said data was entered with said permissible parameters; and providing an alert if one or more of said data, said location from which said data was entered or said time at which said data was received do not fall within said permissible parameters. 73. A system for tracking security personnel during their rounds, comprising: a method for providing security personnel with instructions to enter specified data into keypads located along their appointed routes; a method for monitoring when said specified data is entered into said keypad, the time at which said specified data is entered and the location from which said specified data is entered; and a method for sounding an alert if said specified data, said location from which said specified data is entered or said time at which said specified data is entered do not fall within the permissible parameters. 74. A system for tracking security personnel, comprising: entering data at locations to be monitored by security personnel; transmitting data from said locations to a server; monitoring said data, the location at which said data was entered and the time at which said data was entered; comparing said data, said location and said time to permissible parameters; and providing an alert if one or more of said data, said location or said time do not fall within said permissible parameters. 