Systems and methods are provided for collecting, aggregating, and analyzing data associated with the installation and deployment of systems. Energy systems, (500) specifically renewable energy generation systems, are used as examples. The aggregated data serve as the basis for a variety of services that improve the system performance, improve the installation, lower the cost, and provide monitoring and service to maintain optimum performance. Finally, services are provided that improve the start-up, calibration, and configuration of systems.
Claims 1. A computer implemented method for improving system start-up, calibration, and configuration performance, comprising: Connecting (300) an installed System (500) to a central database (505) via a network (504); communicating System Configuration Data to said central database via said network (301); sending a request to said central database requesting configuration, calibration, and start-up of the system (302); establishing Best Known Method configuration data and System Performance benchmark metrics from said central database established from aggregated data from systems with similar System Configuration Data (303); downloading said Best Known Method configuration data to the system and initiating the start-up of said installed system (304); and monitoring said installed system for an Optimization and Burn-in time interval to ensure that performance metrics of said installed system meet said System Performance benchmark metrics (306-309). 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said System comprises an energy system. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein said energy system comprises an energy usage system an energy storage system, an energy management system, or an energy generation system. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein said energy generation system comprises a renewable energy generation system. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein said renewable energy generation system comprises a solar energy generation system, a wind turbine energy generation system, a tidal energy generation system, a geothermal energy generation system, or a waste to energy system. 6. A computer implemented method for improving the response to a decrease in the level of system performance metrics, comprising: connecting (400) an installed System (500) to a central database (505) via a network (504); receiving a notice of decreased system performance with respect to established System Performance benchmark metrics and the results of a troubleshooting or corrective action activity (401); determining if said installed System is covered by a warranty guarantee (402); determining if said installed System is covered by a service contract (402); determining if said installed System configuration is consistent with an established Best Known Method configuration comprising hardware, software, and firmware upgrades (403, 404); upgrading said installed System to said BKM configuration if said installed System configuration is not consistent with said Best Known Method configuration (407); generating a list comprising hardware, software, and firmware that may return said installed System performance metrics to established System Performance benchmark metrics (407, 408); and notifying members of the supply chain of a possible Sales opportunity (408). 7. The method of claim 6 wherein said System comprises an energy system. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein said energy system comprises an energy usage system an energy storage system, an energy management system, or an energy generation system. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein said energy generation system comprises a renewable energy generation system. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein said renewable energy generation system comprises a solar energy generation system, a wind turbine energy generation system, a tidal energy generation system, a geothermal energy generation system, or a waste to energy system. 11. A system for improving installed Energy Systems start-up, calibration, and configuration performance, comprising: one or more Energy Systems requiring start-up, calibration, and configuration (500); sensors contained within said Energy Systems to monitor said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data; sensors associated with said Energy Systems to measure environmental conditions data (502); a local communications device for communicating said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data onto a network (503); a network capable of transmitting said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data (504); a centralized database capable of receiving and storing said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data (505); a user interface for interacting with said centralized database (506-509, 603, 608, 609); a computer readable medium containing procedures for acting upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data (612-617); display output devices for displaying the results of said procedure action upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data (506-510, 604, 610); and transmitting output devices for transmitting the results of said procedure actions upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data back across said network to said one or more Energy Systems (606). 12. The system of claim 11 wherein said one or more Energy Systems comprise at least one Energy System selected from the group consisting of an energy usage system, an energy storage system, an energy management system, and an energy generation system. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein said energy generation system comprises a renewable energy generation system. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein said renewable energy generation system comprises a solar energy generation system, a wind turbine energy generation system, a tidal energy generation system, a geothermal energy generation system, or a waste to energy system. 15. The system of claim 11 wherein said procedures comprise: procedures for establishing Best Known Methods (BKM) configuration data for one or more Energy Systems; procedures for establishing Energy System configuration from said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data; and procedures for sending said Best Known Methods (BKM) configuration data to said transmitting output devices. 16. A system for improving response to a decrease in the level of system performance metrics, comprising: one or more Energy Systems (500); sensors contained within said Energy Systems to monitor said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data; sensors associated with said Energy Systems to measure environmental conditions data (502); a local communications device for communicating said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data onto a network (503); a network capable of transmitting said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data (504); a centralized database capable of receiving and storing said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data (505); a user interface for interacting with said centralized database (506-509, 603, 608, 609); a computer readable medium containing procedures for acting upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data (612-617); display output devices for displaying the results of said procedure action upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data (506-510, 604, 610); and transmitting output devices for transmitting the results of said procedure actions upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data back across said network to said one or more Energy Systems (606). 17. The system of claim 16 wherein said one or more Energy Systems comprise at least one Energy System selected from the group consisting of an energy usage system, an energy storage system, an energy management system, and an energy generation system. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein said energy generation system comprises a renewable energy generation system. 19. The system of claim 18 wherein said renewable energy generation system comprises a solar energy generation system, a wind turbine energy generation system, a tidal energy generation system, a geothermal energy generation system, or a waste to energy system. 20. The system of claim 16 wherein said procedures comprise: procedures for establishing benchmark metrics for Energy System performance; procedures for establishing Energy System performance metrics; procedures for determining said Energy System performance metrics do not conform to said benchmark metrics; procedures for sending said Best Known Methods (BKM) configuration data to said transmitting output devices; and procedures for generating lists of suggested actions to improve said Energy System performance metrics to conform to said benchmark metrics. 