A method of detecting radiological substances on a surface comprises coating the surface with a coating containing an indicator material that produces UV emissions and monitoring the coating to detect the radiological substances. A UV viewer can be used for monitoring the coating to detect the radiological substances. The invention also provides a coating that includes an indicator material carried by the coating that provides an indication of the radiological substances.
Claims 1. A coating for a surface that has an alpha or beta radioactively contaminated area for the detection of alpha or beta radiation from the contaminated area using an UV viewer, comprising: a coating adapted to be operatively connected to the surface, phosphor/scintillator particles carried by said coating that causes UV emissions when the alpha or beta radiation from the contaminated area strikes the phosphor/scintillator particles and provides an indication of the alpha or beta radioactively contaminated area, and an UV viewer for detecting said UV emissions when the alpha or beta radiation from the contaminated area strikes the phosphor/scintillator particles. 2. (canceled) 3. The coating of claim 1 wherein said phosphor/scintillator particles includes garnet UV phosphor or scintillator materials. 4. The coating of claim 1 wherein said phosphor/scintillator particles includes light emitting materials with luminescence in the 200-280 nm range. 5. The coating of claim 1 wherein said phosphor/scintillator particles includes LuAG doped with Scandium. 6. The coating adapted for a surface for the detection of radiological substances, of claim 1 wherein said indicator material includes Barium Fluoride. 7. The coating adapted for a surface for the detection of radiological substances, of claim 1 wherein said indicator material includes Calcium Silicate. 8. The coating adapted for a surface for the detection of radiological substances, of claim 1 wherein said indicator material includes "BAM" (BaMg.sub.2Al.sub.16O.sub.27:Tl.sup.+). 9. The coating adapted for a surface for the detection of radiological substances, of claim 1 wherein said indicator material includes Lutetium Aluminum Garnet. 10. A method of detecting radiological substances on a surface, comprising the steps of: coating the surface with a coating containing an indicator material that produces UV emissions, and monitoring said coating to detect the radiological substances. 11. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 10 wherein said step of coating the surface with a coating containing an indicator material comprises coating the surface with phosphor materials. 12. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 10 wherein said step of coating the surface with a coating containing an indicator material comprises coating the surface with scintillator materials. 13. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 10 wherein said step of coating the surface with a coating containing an indicator material comprises coating the surface with garnet UV phosphor or scintillator materials. 14. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 10 wherein said step of coating the surface with a coating containing LuAG doped with Scandium. 15. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 10 wherein said step of coating the surface with a coating containing an indicator material comprises coating the surface with garnet UV phosphor or scintillator materials produced by a citrate process. 16. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 10 wherein said step of coating the surface with a coating containing an indicator material comprises coating the surface with garnet UV phosphor or scintillator materials produced by a precipitation process. 17. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 10 wherein said step of monitoring said coating to detect the radiological substances comprises monitoring said coating with a solar blind detector. 18. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 10 wherein said step of monitoring said coating to detect the radiological substances comprises monitoring said coating with a UV viewer. 19. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 10 including the step of recording an optical image of the area of the radiological substances. 