Wayside lubrication apparatus for railroad track wherein metered charges of lubricant are delivered to points spaced at intervals along the gage sides of the heads of the rails, and systems for and methods of monitoring the apparatus at a location remote from the site thereof.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. Railroad rail head lubrication apparatus comprising: an elongate applicator for attachment to a railroad rail on the inside of the rail extending lengthwise of the rail, said applicator having a plurality of lubricant metering devices thereon, each of said devices being operable in response to delivery thereto of lubricant under pressure to deliver a metered charge of lubricant and to become charged for a subsequent delivery of a metered charge, the metered charges delivered by said devices being delivered to points spaced at intervals along the length of the applicator with the delivery such as to apply the delivered charges to the inside of the head of the rail to which the applicator is attached. 2. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein a group of metering devices is located along the length of the applicator and delivery of lubricant from the group to said points is via delivery passages in the applicator. 3. Apparatus as set forth in claim 2 wherein certain of said delivery passages extend through the applicator in one direction lengthwise thereof and certain of said delivery passages extend through the applicator in the opposite direction. 4. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein two groups of metering devices are mounted in spaced relation along the length of the applicator, the delivery from each group to the respective points being via delivery passages in the applicator. 5. Apparatus as set forth in claim 4 wherein certain of said delivery passages extend through the applicator from each group in one direction lengthwise of the applicator and certain of said delivery passages extend through the applicator from each group in the opposite direction. 6. Apparatus as set forth in claim 2 wherein each metering device comprises a lubricant dispensing valve, said group comprising a series of said valves, each valve having an inlet for admission of lubricant under pressure, an outlet in communication with a delivery passage in the applicator for delivery of the lubricant to one of said points, and a valve member moveable between a first position and a second position for delivery of a charge of the lubricant through said outlet. 7. Apparatus as set forth in claim 6 wherein certain of the delivery passages in the applicator extend therethrough in one direction lengthwise thereof and certain of the passages therein extend therethrough in the opposite direction. 8. Apparatus as set forth in claim 6 having two groups of said valves, the groups being mounted in spaced relation along the length of the applicator. 9. Apparatus as set forth in claim 8 wherein certain of said delivery passages extend through the applicator from each group in one direction lengthwise of the applicator and certain of said delivery passages extend through the applicator from each group in the opposite direction. 10. Apparatus as set forth in claim 6 wherein each valve has transfer ports for interconnection of the valves in the series, and transfer passages for interconnecting said transfer ports of the valves, the valve members being successively moveable in response to delivery of lubricant under pressure through the inlets and via communication between the valves established by the valve members and said transfer ports and transfer passages to deliver charges of the lubricant through the outlets in a sequence. 11. Apparatus as set forth in claim 10 wherein certain of the delivery passages in the applicator extend therethrough in one direction lengthwise thereof and certain of the passages therein extend therethrough in the opposite direction. 12. Apparatus as set forth in claim 10 having two groups of said valves, the groups being mounted in spaced relation along the length of the applicator. 13. Apparatus as set forth in claim 12 wherein certain of said delivery passages extend through the applicator from each group in one direction lengthwise of the applicator and certain of said delivery passages extend through the applicator from each group in the opposite direction. 14. Apparatus as set forth in claim 10 wherein each valve is a divider valve having a bore and said valve member is a valve spool axially slidable in the bore, the spool being movable from a first position at one end of the bore to a second position at the other end of the bore to deliver a metered charge of lubricant out of said other end of the bore and thence through an outlet, and being movable back to first position to deliver a metered charge of lubricant out of said one end of the bore and thence through an outlet, the series of valves including a first valve and a last valve and being operable in a sequence wherein the spools are moved from said first to said second position and then moved back to said first position in sequence, ending with the last valve. 15. Apparatus as set forth in claim 14 wherein certain of the delivery passages in the applicator extend therethrough in one direction lengthwise thereof and certain of the passage in the applicator extend therethrough in the opposite direction. 16. Apparatus as set forth in claim 14 having two groups of said valves, the groups being mounted in spaced relation along the length of the applicator. 17. Apparatus as set forth in claim 16 wherein certain of said delivery passages extend through the applicator from each group in one direction lengthwise of the applicator and certain of said delivery passages extend through the applicator from each group in the opposite direction. 18. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said applicator comprises an elongate mounting bar for attachment at the ends thereof on the rail and at least one distributor extending lengthwise of the bar having passages therein for the delivery of said metered charges of lubricant from said metering devices to said points. 19. Apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said applicator comprises an elongate mounting bar for attachment at the ends thereof on the rail, two elongate distributors extending in tandem lengthwise of the bar, each distributor having a group of said metering devices serving passages in the respective distributor for the delivery of said metered charges of lubricant from said metering devices to said points. 20. Apparatus as set forth in claim 19 wherein the group of metering devices for each distributor is a lubricant flow divider comprising a plurality of divider valves. 21. Apparatus as set forth in claim 20 wherein each distributor comprises a laminated assembly of plates on one face of the mounting bar, one of said plates being formed to provide said delivery passages. 22. Apparatus as set forth in claim 21 wherein each flow divider is on the other face of the mounting bar with outlets thereof in communication with said delivery passages through holes in the mounting bar. 23. Apparatus as set forth in claim 22 wherein said one plate is formed to provide said delivery passages by having slots therein and said assembly comprises a closure plate on the outside of said one plate and a spacer plate between the mounting bar and said one plate. 24. Apparatus for applying lubricant to the inside of the head of a rail of a railroad track comprising: an elongate applicator for said delivery of lubricant, said applicator including an elongate mounting bar, mounting means at each end of the mounting bar for mounting said applicator in position extending lengthwise of the rail on the inside thereof, each said mounting means comprising a first rail flange clamp jaw engaging an inside edge of a flange of the rail and a second rail flange clamp jaw engaging an outside edge of the flange, said jaws being drawn together for the clamping thereof on the flange, and a support for the mounting bar on the first jaw. 25. Apparatus for applying lubricant to the insides of the heads of the rails of a railroad track, each rail having one or more elongate applicators extending lengthwise on the inside thereof having lubricant metering devices for delivery via passages in said one or more applicators of metered charges of lubricant to points spaced at intervals along the insides of the heads of the rails, a container for holding a supply of lubricant alongside the track, and a pump for pumping lubricant from the container to said metering devices in response to passage of a train on the track. 26. Apparatus as set forth in claim 25 wherein each applicator extends for a distance corresponding to about the circumference of a standard railroad car wheel. 27. Apparatus as set forth in claim 26 wherein said one or more applicators comprises two applicators in tandem each comprising an elongate mounting bar end-mounted on the respective rail and two elongate distributors extending in tandem lengthwise of the bar, each of said distributors having said passages therein. 28. Apparatus as set forth in claim 25 having an electric motor for driving the pump, said motor being connected in an electrical circuit responsive to passage of a train on the track for operation of the motor to drive the pump. 29. Apparatus as set forth in claim 28 having a sensor on the track for sensing passage of a train on the track and transmitting a signal to said motor circuit for said responsive operation thereof. 30. Apparatus as set forth in claim 29 having a controller in said circuit for maintaining the motor in operation at least for a predetermined time after receiving a signal. 31. Apparatus as set forth in claim 29 having a controller in said circuit including a pump duty cycle switch for setting the apparatus for cycling of the pump at one of a number of different rates. 32. Apparatus as set forth in claim 28 having at least one battery for supplying electric power to the motor and a solar panel for charging the battery. 33. Apparatus as set forth in claim 28 wherein said motor is a DC motor and wherein DC power is supplied thereto from an AC power source via an inverter. 34. Apparatus as set forth in claim 25 wherein each applicator comprises an elongate mounting bar end-mounted on the respective rail, at least one distributor extending lengthwise of the bar, said distributor having a group of said metering devices thereon serving said passages therein for the delivery of said metered charges of lubricant from said metering devices to said points. 35. Apparatus as set forth in claim 34 wherein the group of metering devices is a lubricant flow divider comprising a plurality of divider valves. 36. Apparatus as set forth in claim 35 wherein the distributor is on one face of the mounting bar and the flow divider is on an opposite face. 37. Apparatus for applying lubricant to the inside of the heads of the rails of a railroad track comprising: at least one lubricant applicator on the inside of each rail for delivery of lubricant to the inside of the heads of the rails; a container for holding a supply of lubricant alongside the track; a pump for pumping lubricant from the container to the applicator; a electric motor for driving the pump; said motor being connected in an electrical circuit responsive to passage of a train on the track for operation of the motor to drive the pump. 38. Apparatus as set forth in claim 37 wherein each applicator is operable upon delivery by the pump of lubricant to deliver charges of lubricant to points spaced at intervals along the length of the rails. 39. Apparatus as set forth in claim 37 including a sensor on the track for sensing passage of a train on the track and transmitting a signal to said motor circuit for said responsive operation thereof. 40. Apparatus for applying lubricant to the insides of the heads of the rails of adjacent first and second railroad tracks comprising, at least one lubricant applicator on the inside of each rail of the two tracks for delivery of lubricant to the insides of the heads of the rails of the tracks, a container for holding a supply of lubricant adjacent the tracks, a pump for pumping lubricant from the container to the applicators for the rails of the first track responsive to passage of a train on said first track, for pumping lubricant from the container to the applicators for the rails of the second track responsive to passage of a train on said second track, and for pumping lubricant from the container to the applicators for the rails of both tracks responsive to passage of trains on both tracks. 41. Apparatus as set forth in claim 40 having a first lubricant line served by the pump for serving the applicators for the rails of the first track and a second lubricant line served by the pump for serving the applicators for the rails of the second track, delivery responsive to passage of trains on both tracks being alternated via said lines. 42. Apparatus as set forth in claim 41 wherein each line has a valve therein, the valve in the second line being closed and the valve in the first being open in response to passage of a train on the first track for delivery of lubricant to the applicators on the first track, the valve in the first line being closed and the valve in the second line being open in response to passage of a train on the second track for delivery of lubricant to the applicators on the second track, the valves being alternately open and closed in response to passage of trains on both tracks for said alternated delivery to the lines. 43. Apparatus as set forth in claim 42 having an electric motor for driving the pump, two sensors, one on each track, each sensing passage of a train on the respective track and transmitting a signal responsive thereto, said valves being solenoid valves, said motor and said valves being responsive to the signal transmitted by one or the other sensor. 44. Apparatus as set forth in claim 43 wherein the valves are normally open, the valve in the second line closing on transmission of a signal from the sensor on the first track, the valve in the first line closing on transmission of a signal from the sensor on the second track, the valves closing in alternation on transmission of signals from both sensors. 45. Apparatus as set forth in claim 43 having at least one battery for supplying electric power to the motor and valves and a solar panel for charging the battery. 46. Apparatus as set forth in claim 43 wherein said motor is a DC motor and said valves are DC valves and wherein DC power is supplied thereto from an AC power source via an inverter. 47. Apparatus as set forth in claim 40 wherein each applicator comprises an elongate mounting bar end-mounted on the respective rail, and at least one distributor extending lengthwise of the bar, said distributor having a group of said metering devices thereon serving passages in the distributor for the delivery of said metered charges of lubricant from said metering devices to a respective rail. 48. In combination, wayside lubrication apparatus for the rails of a railroad track and a system for the monitoring of the apparatus at a location remote from the site thereof, said remote monitoring system comprising: at least one monitor on the site for monitoring a parameter of the wayside lubrication apparatus, a controller on the site receiving and transmitting data re the parameter, a computer at a location remote from the site for receiving data transmitted by the controller, and a transmission system for transmitting data from the on-site controller to the computer at the remote location. 49. The combination of claim 48 wherein said one monitor monitors delivery of lubricant by the apparatus. 50. The combination set forth in claim 49 wherein said one monitor supplies a count of the deliveries. 51. The combination set forth in claim 48 wherein the apparatus comprises a container for holding a supply of lubricant and said one monitor supplies data re the level of the supply. 52. The combination set forth in claim 48 wherein the apparatus includes a lubricant pump, an electric motor for driving the pump, at least one battery for powering the motor, and a solar panel for charging the battery, and said one monitor supplies data re the charge on the battery. 53. The combination set forth in claim 48 wherein the apparatus includes a container for holding a supply of lubricant, a pump for delivering lubricant from the supply to the rails, an electric motor for driving the pump, at least one battery for powering the motor, a solar panel for charging the battery, a first monitor for monitoring delivery by the pump, a second for monitoring the level of lubricant in the container, and a third for monitoring the charge on the battery. 54. The combination set forth in claim 48 wherein the controller transmits data at periodic intervals for transmission by the transmission system. 55. The combination set forth in claim 48 wherein the transmission system is via modem to modem. 56. The combination set forth in claim 48 wherein the transmission system is a satellite transmission system for transmitting data via satellite to the computer. 57. The combination set forth in claim 56 wherein the said remote location is a central remote location, further having at least one branch remote location tied by the Internet to the central remote location. 58. The method of monitoring wayside lubrication apparatus for the rails of a railroad track at a location remote from the site of the apparatus comprising: monitoring on the site at least one parameter of the wayside lubrication apparatus and loading data re the parameter in a controller on the site for receiving and transmitting the data, and transmitting the data from the controller to a computer at a location remote from the site enabling observation of the data at the remote location. 59. The method of claim 58 wherein the monitored parameter is the delivery of lubricant by the apparatus. 60. The method of claim 58 wherein data is transmitted from the controller at periodic intervals. 61. The combination set forth in claim 58 wherein the transmitting of data from the controller to the computer is telephonic. 62. The combination set forth in claim 58 wherein the transmitting of data from the controller to the computer is by satellite. 63. The combination set forth in claim 63 further comprising observing data available at the remote location at a branch remote location via the Internet. 