An autonomous, modular energy generation, storage and transmission apparatus, system, and method is provided. An apparatus is tube shaped and includes solar and thermionic energy conversion layers, and a battery module. A system of modular apparatuses may be connected together to form an transmission network. Such devices are particularly suited for outdoor application on highway jersey walls, and for indoor application on office cubicle walls. A method of charging battery modules in the apparatus is provided, along with a method of distributing the same in commerce.
Claims 1. An apparatus for generating electrical energy from photonic and thermal energy, and storing and distributing the electrical energy, the apparatus comprising: a substrate; a photovoltaic layer having a curved shape for converting photonic energy into electrical energy; a thermionic layer comprising a thermionic material for converting thermal energy into electrical energy; and a battery layer having at least one rechargeable battery for storing said converted electrical energy; wherein one of the photovoltaic layer, the thermionic layer and the battery layer are formed on the substrate; wherein the photovoltaic layer is disposed outside the thermionic layer and the battery layer. 2. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the substrate is tube-shaped and comprises a hollow portion. 3. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the battery layer is disposed inside the thermionic layer. 4. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the battery layer is disposed outside the thermionic layer. 5. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising an ultraviolet (UV) protective outer shell disposed outside the photovoltaic layer. 6. The apparatus as claimed in claim 5, wherein the UV protective outer shell is made of stable polycarbonate plastic. 7. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the thermionic layer comprises a dielectric layer formed between a first conductor layer and a second conductor layer; said wherein said dielectric, first conductor and second conductor layers form a capacitor. 8. The apparatus as claimed in claim 7, wherein the first and second conductor layers comprise deposited thin-film graphite. 9. The apparatus as claimed in claim 7, wherein the dielectric layer comprises an active carbon. 10. The apparatus as claimed in claim 7, wherein the thermionic material is deposited adjacent to one of the first and the second conductor layers. 11. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the thermionic material comprises strontium titanate. 12. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic layer comprises thin-film amorphous silicon photovoltaic cells. 13. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the battery layer comprises a plurality of thin-film rechargeable lithium ion batteries. 14. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising at least one distribution conductor for electrically connecting the apparatus to an electrical load. 15. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a base for attaching said apparatus to a host object. 16. The apparatus as claimed in claim 15, wherein the base enables the apparatus to be securely attached to an infrastructure. 17. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said apparatus includes a base for mounting the apparatus on a mounting clip having at least one embedded distribution conductor and at least one slot providing access to said at least one distribution conductor, said base comprising at least one downwardly protruding conductor adapted to contact said distribution conductor when said apparatus is mounted on said mounting clip. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein said mounting clip is securely attached to a highway infrastructure. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said infrastructure is a jersey wall. 20. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said mounting clip is disposed lengthwise along said highway infrastructure, and said slot is disposed lengthwise along said mounting clip. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein said mounting clip comprises a pair of embedded distribution conductors and a corresponding pair of slots disposed parallel to one another along the length of the mounting clip, each slot providing access to, the corresponding embedded distribution conductor. 22. The apparatus as claimed in claim 2, wherein the battery layer comprises a removable battery pack inserted into the hollow portion of the substrate. 23. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a battery management module for providing DC power to a DC load. 24. The apparatus as claimed in claim 23, wherein the battery management module comprises an AC/DC charging and control switch module controlling the incoming AC or DC charge cycles of the rechargeable batteries. 25. The apparatus as claimed in claim 2, further comprising a microcontroller for controlling the battery management module and communicating with a remote management and data acquisition module. 26. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a microprocessor-based module for monitoring and controlling various aspects of operations of components of the apparatus. 27. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least said substrate, said photovoltaic layer and said thermionic layer form a tube having a circular cross section. 28. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least said substrate, said photovoltaic layer and said thermionic layer form a tube having a vertically oriented elliptical cross section. 29. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least said substrate, said photovoltaic layer and said thermionic layer form a tube having a horizontally oriented elliptical cross section. 30. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least said substrate, said photovoltaic layer and said thermionic layer form a tube having a square cross section. 31. A system for generating electrical energy from photonic and thermal energy, and storing and distributing the electrical energy to an electrical load, the system comprising: a plurality of energy collection modules forming a series of electrically connected energy collection modules, each of the plurality of energy collection modules comprising a photovoltaic layer having a curved shape for converting photonic energy into electrical energy, a thermionic layer comprising a thermionic material for converting thermal energy into electrical energy and a battery layer having at least one rechargeable battery for storing said converted energy; and at least one common distribution conductor electrically connected to each of the plurality of energy collection modules and to an electrical load. 32. The system as claimed in claim 31, wherein the electrical load comprises an electrical power distribution grid. 33. The system as claimed in claim 31, wherein said plurality of energy collection modules and said distribution conductor are attached to at least one highway jersey wall. 34. The system as claimed in claim 31, wherein said plurality of energy collection modules and said distribution conductor are attached to at least one indoor infrastructure. 35. The system as claimed in claim 34, wherein the at least one indoor infrastructure comprises at least one of an office cubicle, an indoor wall and an indoor floor. 36. The system as claimed in claim 31, wherein the series of energy collection modules comprise one sub-series of energy collection modules that are in serial electrical connection with each other. 37. The system as claimed in claim 31, wherein the plurality of energy collection modules comprises a first energy collection module in a first geographical location and a second energy collection module in a second geographical location separated from the first geographical location, and electrical energy generated in the first energy collection modules of the series is distributed to the second energy collection module and stored in the second energy collection module via said distribution conductor. 38. The system as claimed in claim 37, wherein the separation is greater than one mile. 39. The system as claimed in claim 37, wherein the separation if greater than 100 miles. 40. The system as claimed in claim 37, wherein the first geographical location and the second geographical location are in different time zones. 41. A system for securely attaching at least one energy collection module to a host device, the system comprising: an energy collection module comprising an energy collection body for collecting photonic energy, converting collected photonic energy into electrical energy and storing converted electrical energy, and a base for mechanically and electrically connecting the energy collection module to a mounting assembly of the host device; wherein the base comprises a guide rail extending lengthwise along the energy collection module, a connection conductor protruding downwardly from said base and being aligned with said guide rail, and a hook-shaped locking foot extending downwardly from said base; wherein said mounting assembly comprises at least one distribution conductor embedded within the mounting assembly, and at least one connection slot disposed lengthwise along said mounting assembly and providing access to said embedded distribution conductor, and at least one mounting hole adapted to receive said locking foot; wherein said energy collection module is adapted to be installed on said mounting assembly such that said guide rail and said connection conductor are inserted into said connection slot and said locking foot is inserted into said mounting hole; said energy collection module moving laterally in the lengthwise direction of the mounting assembly from a release position where the locking hole is not engaged with the locking foot, to a locked position wherein the locking foot is engaged with the locking hole. 42. The system as claimed in claim 41, wherein the base comprises two guide rails substantially parallel to each other. 43. The system as claimed in claim 41, wherein said energy collection module is a first energy collection module and the system further comprises a second energy collection module installed on the mounting assembly adjacent to the first energy collection module, the system further comprising a spacer installed between the first and second energy collection modules to prevent the first energy collection module from moving from the locked position to the release position. 44. The system as claimed in claim 43, wherein the spacer is installed using security bolts such that only authorized persons can remove the spacer in order to move the first energy collection module from the locked position to the release position. 45. The system as claimed in claim 41, wherein the at least one locking foot is a U-shaped hook. 46. The system as claimed in claim 41, wherein the at least one distribution connector is inaccessible to human contact and accessible only thorough said at least one slot. 47. The system as claimed in claim 41, wherein the energy collection body is adapted to break away from the base while the base remains attached to the mounting assembly with the guide rail and connection conductor installed in the slot if the energy collection module struck by a substantial force. 48. An energy collection apparatus capable of being securely attached to a host device, the apparatus comprising: a tube-shaped energy collection body connected to a base adapted for attachment to a mounting assembly of the host device, the energy collection body adapted to separate from the base when absorbing a threshold of kinetic energy; and a tether attached to the host device and disposed through the tub-shaped energy collection body to restrict movement of the tube-shaped energy collection body when said body becomes separated from said base. 49. The apparatus as claimed in claim 48, wherein the tether is attached to the host device at a first end of the tether. 50. The apparatus as claimed in claim 49, wherein the tether is attached to the host device at a second end of the tether. 51. The apparatus as claimed in claim 49, wherein the tether is attached to the tube-shaped energy collection body at a second end of the tether. 52. The apparatus as claimed in claim 51, wherein the tether is a flexible steel cable. 53. A battery management system for managing charging and discharging a plurality of battery banks, the system comprises: at least three battery banks, each battery bank operating in one of three modes, the three modes being a charging mode, a discharging mode and an idle mode; a smart battery charger for charging a connected one of the at least three battery banks; a smart battery selector for selectively connecting each of said battery banks to a load or to said smart battery charger, or for disconnecting said battery banks from said load and said smart battery charger; a microcontroller for receiving data and status messages from said battery banks, said smart battery charger and said smart battery selector, and to issue commands to said smart battery selector for configuring interconnections among said battery banks, said load and said smart battery charger; and a communication bus connected to said battery banks, said smart battery charger, said smart battery selector and said microcontroller exchanging said data and status messages, and said commands. 54. The system as claimed in claim 53, further comprising an AC power source connected to an AC-to-DC converter, and a DC power source, said AC-to-DC converter and said DC power source connected to said smart battery charger through a power switch, said power switch selectively connecting DC power from either said AC-to-DC converter or said DC power source, to said smart battery charger. 55. The system as claimed in claim 54, wherein said DC power source is connected to a photovoltaic module, and said power switch connects said AC-to-DC converter to said smart battery selector if said DC power source is incapable of supplying electrical energy above a threshold amount. 56. The system as claimed in claim 53, wherein said microcontroller issues an instruction to said smart battery selector to stop charging or discharging of said battery banks when an error condition is detected. 57. The system as claimed in claim 56, wherein the error condition comprises a condition in which at least one battery bank of the at least three battery banks is overheated. 58. The system as claimed in claim 53, wherein the microcontroller issues a command to the smart battery selector to switch a battery bank from operating in the discharging mode to operating in the charging mode when a charge of the battery bank reaches a threshold level. 59. The system as claimed in claim 58, wherein the threshold level is 80%. 60. The system as claimed in claim 53, wherein the microcontroller issues a command to the smart battery selector to switch a battery bank from operating in the charging mode to operating in the idle mode when charge of the battery bank is full. 61. The system as claimed in claim 53, wherein the smart selector comprises a set of switches to enable each of at least three battery banks to operate in the mode determined by the microcontroller. 62. The system as claimed in claim 53, wherein the microcontroller is programmed to issue commands to the smart battery selector to cause an electrical load to be continuously powered without interruption by the at least three battery banks. 63. An apparatus for providing power to a host device or collecting power from the host device, the apparatus comprises: a battery layer comprising a plurality of rechargeable batteries; a heat resisting layer disposed around the battery layer; a thermal insulating layer disposed outside the heat resisting layer. 64. The apparatus as claimed in claim 63, wherein the heat resisting layer comprises a ceramic material. 65. The apparatus as claimed in claim 63, wherein the thermal insulating layer comprises fiberglass. 66. An autonomous battery pack assembly apparatus for, upon being received by a host device, supplying power to the host device or collecting power from the host device, the apparatus being insertable into and removable from the host device, the apparatus comprising: a housing; a plurality of rechargeable batteries packaged within the housing; and at least one attachment-port for engaging the apparatus with the host device when the apparatus is inserted into the host device; wherein when the apparatus is engaged with the host device, said apparatus supplies power to the host device if the host device consumes power, and said apparatus stores power supplied from the host device in the plurality of rechargeable batteries if the host device supplies power. 67. The apparatus as claimed in claim 66, further comprising charging circuit. 68. The apparatus as claimed in claim 66, further comprising an AC-to-DC converter and a switch gear for controlling incoming DC and AC power supplies. 69. The apparatus as claimed in claim 66, wherein the at least one attachment-port comprises electrodes engageable with matching electrodes of the host device. 70. The apparatus as claimed in claim 66, wherein the at least one attachment-port is slidably engageable with a receiving port of the host device when the apparatus is inserted into the host device. 71. The apparatus as claimed in claim 66, further comprising at least one receiving port for receiving a second autonomous battery pack assembly apparatus such that the two apparatuses are stacked together to increase power supply to the host device if the host device consumes power. 72. The apparatus as claimed in claim 71, wherein the at least one receiving port receives at least one attachment port of the second apparatus. 73. The apparatus as claimed in claim 71, wherein the at least one attachment port of the apparatus is located at a distal end of the apparatus and the at least one receiving port of the apparatus is located at a proximal end of the apparatus. 74. The apparatus as claimed in claim 71, wherein the distal end of the apparatus is shaped with a contour corresponding to the shape of the proximal end of the apparatus. 75. The apparatus as claimed in claim 66, wherein the housing further comprises two end caps. 76. The apparatus as claimed in claim 75, wherein at least one of the two end caps has an opening for a connector plug. 77. The apparatus as claimed in claim 75, wherein at least one of the two end caps has an opening for facilitating air movement by a fan. 78. The apparatus as claimed in claim 66, further comprising an LED charge status array indicating conditions of the apparatus. 79. The apparatus as claimed in claim 66, further comprising a communication interface component. 80. The apparatus as claimed in claim 79, wherein the communication interface component comprises a USB interface. 81. The apparatus as claimed in claim 66, wherein the housing comprises a thermal resistant material. 82. The apparatus as claimed in claim 81, wherein the housing comprises a thermal insulating material disposed around the thermal resistant material. 83. The apparatus as claimed in claim 81, wherein the thermal resistant material comprises a ceramic material. 84. The apparatus as claimed in claim 82, wherein the insulating material comprises fiberglass. 85. The apparatus as claimed in claim 66, wherein the at least one attachment port is located at a distal end of the apparatus and the distal end is of a hemispherical shape. 86. A vending apparatus for vending autonomous power storage modules each capable of storing power when engaged with a host power supplying device or supplying stored power when engaged with a host power consuming device, the vending device comprises: an energy supplying module; and at least one receiving port for accepting a depleted autonomous power storage module from a customer; wherein the energy supplying module supplies power to recharge the depleted autonomous power storage module until the depleted autonomous power storage module becomes fully charged. 87. The vending apparatus as claimed in claim 86, wherein the energy supplying module comprises a photovoltaic layer disposed on an outer surface of the vending apparatus. 88. The vending apparatus as claimed in claim 87, wherein the energy supplying module comprises a DC power source derived from the photovoltaic layer, and an AC power source to supply power when the DC power source derived from the photovoltaic layer is below a minimum threshold. 89. The vending apparatus as claimed in claim 86, further comprising a payment module for conducting a financial transaction, wherein the vending apparatus releases a fully-charged autonomous power storage module to a customer upon completion of the financial transaction. 90. The vending apparatus as claimed in claim 86, further comprising a dispensing module for dispensing a fully charged autonomous power storage module. 91. A method for vending at least one autonomous power storage module capable of storing power when engaged with a host power supplying device and supplying stored power when engaged with a host power consuming device, the method comprising: accepting, by a vending device, at least one depleted autonomous power storage module; charging the at least one depleted autonomous power storage module; dispensing, by the vending device, the at least one charged autonomous power storage module; wherein the vending device comprises a photovoltaic module to generate power for charging the at least one autonomous power storage module. 92. The method as claimed in claim 91, further comprising receiving payment and releasing the at least one charged autonomous power storage module in response to payment. 93. The method as claimed in claim 92, further comprising indicating, by the vending device, that the at least one autonomous power storage module is charged. 94. A system for providing autonomous power storage modules and charging said autonomous power storage modules, each of said autonomous power storage modules capable of storing power when engaged with a host power supplying device and supplying stored power when engaged with a host power consuming device, the system comprising: at least one host charging station for charging at least one depleted autonomous power storage modules; the at least one host charging station comprising: an energy supplying module; and a receiving port for receiving said depleted autonomous power storage module; wherein the energy supplying module supplies power to recharge said depleted autonomous power storage module until said depleted autonomous power storage module is charged. 95. The system as claimed in claim 94, wherein the at least one host charging station further comprises a display means for displaying a charge status of the received autonomous power storage module. 96. The system as claimed in claim 94, wherein the energy supply module comprises a photovoltaic module. 97. The system as claimed in claim 94, wherein the energy supplying module comprises a DC power source and an AC power source, said AC power source supplying power to charge said depleted autonomous power storage module if said DC power source supplies energy below a minimum threshold. 98. An autonomous power storage apparatus for, upon being received by a host device, supplying power to a host device, the apparatus being insertable into and removable from the host device, comprising: a power lockout part for preventing power from being conducted to an external terminal until the apparatus is fully engaged into a matching receiving port of a host device; wherein the power lockout part comprises: a plunger movable between a distal position extended from a distal end of the autonomous power storage apparatus and a proximal position inserted into the autonomous power storage apparatus, the plunger contacting a power enabler in the proximal position; a power enabler activated by said plunger to selectively provide power from the autonomous power storage apparatus to the external terminal when the power enabler is contacted by the plunger; and a keyed plunger release; wherein the plunger is prevented from moving proximally until the keyed plunger release is engaged by a key portion of the host device; wherein when the apparatus is inserted into the matching receiving port, the key portion of the receiving port contacts the keyed plunger release and enables the plunger to move proximally such that the plunger contacts the power enabler to enable the apparatus to provide power to the host device via the external terminal. 99. The autonomous power storage apparatus as claimed in claim 98, wherein the power enabler comprises an electrical contact, the electrical contact disabling the apparatus from providing power to the host device when open, and enabling the apparatus to provide power to the host device when closed. 100. The autonomous power storage apparatus as claimed in claim 98, wherein the keyed plunger release is shaped to avoid activation by human hands. 101. The autonomous power storage apparatus as claimed in claim 98, wherein the keyed plunger release is shaped to avoid activation by a naturally occurring shape. 102. The autonomous power storage apparatus as claimed in claim 98, wherein the keyed plunger release and the key portion are uniquely shaped such that a particular autonomous power storage apparatus is only engageable with a particular corresponding receiving port. 103. An electrical vehicle using a plug-in autonomous electrical power storage module to supply electrical power, the electrical vehicle comprising: a receiving port for receiving the plug-in autonomous electrical power storage module, the plug-in autonomous power storage module comprising a communication module and a communication bus, the communication module providing updated charge information via the communication bus to the electrical vehicle; wherein when the plug-in autonomous power storage module is engaged with the electrical vehicle, the electrical vehicle calculates range information based on the received updated charge information in combination with vehicle parameters stored in said electrical vehicle. 104. The electrical vehicle as claimed in claim 103, wherein the calculated range is displayed in a cockpit of the electrical vehicle. 105. The electrical vehicle as claimed in claim 103, wherein the vehicle parameters comprise at least one of the weight of electrical vehicle and the engine horsepower of the electrical vehicle. 106. A system for collecting photonic energy, converting photonic energy into electrical energy, and distributing converted electrical energy to an electrical load, and performing other miscellaneous functions, the system comprising: a plurality of energy collection modules forming a series of electrically-connected energy collection modules via distribution connectors of an electrical grid; and at least one infrastructure installed along a roadway; wherein the plurality of energy collection modules are installed on the at least one infrastructure; and wherein the plurality of energy collection modules provide electrical energy to at least one traffic service device. 107. The system as claimed in claim 106, wherein the at least one traffic service device comprises a traffic camera and the plurality of energy collection modules provides a high speed data connection to the traffic camera. 108. The system as claimed in claim 106, wherein the at least one traffic service device comprises a speed detecting device. 109. The system as claimed in claim 106, wherein the at least one traffic service device comprises an electric vehicle immobilizing device. 110. The system as claimed in claim 106, wherein the at least one traffic service device comprises at least one communication device for transmitting data generated in the plurality of energy collection modules. 111. The system as claimed in claim 106, wherein the at least one traffic service device comprises a communication device capable of connecting to the Internet. 112. The system as claimed in claim 111, wherein the communication device comprises a wireless communication device for transmitting data generated in the plurality of energy collection modules. 113. The system as claimed in claim 106, wherein the distribution conductors provide wired communication. 114. An electronic device comprising: a power supply module for supplying DC power to components of the electronic device; a communication module for determining, upon connecting to a power source, whether the power source is able to supply DC power; a power selector module for configuring the power supply module to directly draw DC power from the power source if the communication module is able to determine that the power source can supply DC power, and configuring the power supply module to receive AC power if the communication module is unable to determine that the power source supplies DC power. 115. The electronic device as claimed in claim 114, further comprising an AC-to-DC module connected between the power selector module and the power supply module for converting AC power received from the power selector to DC power received by the power supply module. 116. A power supply apparatus capable of providing either AC power or DC power via an outlet, the power supply apparatus comprising: a communication module for determining, upon connecting to an electronic device via the outlet, whether the electronic device is capable of directly receiving DC power; an AC power supply for supplying AC power; a DC power supply for supplying DC power; a power selector module for connecting the DC power supply to the electronic device if the communication module is able to determine that the electronic device is capable of directly receiving DC power, and connecting the AC power supply to the electronic device if the communication module is unable to determine that the electronic device is capable of directly receiving DC power. 117. A power switching system capable of providing either AC power or DC power via an outlet to an electronic device, the power switching system comprising: a power supply apparatus; and a power receiving apparatus; wherein the power supply apparatus comprises: a communication module for determining, upon connecting to the power receiving apparatus device via the outlet, whether the power receiving apparatus is capable of directly receiving DC power; an AC power supply for supplying AC power; a DC power supply for supplying DC power; a power selector module for connecting the DC power supply to the power receiving apparatus if the communication module is able to determine that the power receiving apparatus is capable of directly receiving DC power, and connecting the AC power supply to the power receiving apparatus if the communication module is unable to determine that the power receiving apparatus is capable of directly receiving DC power; wherein the power receiving apparatus comprises: a power supply module for supplying DC power to components of the power receiving apparatus; a communication module for determining, upon connecting to the power supply apparatus, whether the power supply apparatus supplies DC power; a power selector module for enabling the power supply module to directly draw DC power from the power supply apparatus if the communication module is able to determine that the power supply apparatus can supply DC power, and enabling the power supply module to receive AC power if the communication module is unable to determine that the power supply apparatus can supply DC power; and wherein the communication module of the power supply apparatus and the communication module of the power receiving apparatus communicate with each other to determine whether the power supply apparatus can supply DC power or whether the power receiving apparatus is capable of directly receiving DC power. 118. An apparatus for enabling an external management and data acquisition unit to remotely monitor operating conditions of an autonomous power module, the autonomous power module being capable of either generating and storing power or supplying stored power, the apparatus comprises: a plurality of sensors for monitoring components of the autonomous power module; a microprocessor for executing a software program for monitoring said plurality of sensors and producing data based on a status of said plurality of sensors; a memory for storing the software programs and said data; and a communication module for transmitting said data to the external management and data acquisition unit. 119. The apparatus as claimed in claim 118, wherein the communication module comprises at least one of a wired communication interface and a wireless communication interface. 120. The apparatus as claimed in claim 118, wherein the communication module comprises an RF transmitter and an RF receiver. 121. The apparatus as claimed in claim 118, wherein said apparatus is installed on a jersey wall of a highway and wherein said communication module is adapted to transmit said data to a passing vehicle in response to a query from said vehicle. 122. The apparatus as claimed in claim 118, wherein the communication module comprises an internet protocol module; and said communication module transmits said data to a remote device in response to a query from the remote device using the internet protocol. 123. A power generating apparatus comprising: an outer protective layer, a photovoltaic layer, and a thermionic layer formed into a tube; said tube comprising a first portion connected to a second portion by an axially oriented hinge, said apparatus adapted to be installed on a pole. 124. A portable power generating device comprising a plurality of tube-shaped energy generating modules installed on a hinged frame, each tube-shaped energy generating module comprising a clear outer protective layer, a PV layer and a thermionic layer, said device further comprising an inverter and at least one power outlet. 125. The portable power generating device of claim 125, further comprising a connection apparatus for connecting said device to another said device. 