A theft-prevention and tracking system and method for semi truck trailers or other vehicles. One or more status indicators, such as location, indication of unauthorized tampering, disconnection of the trailer from the truck, etc. communicate an alarm to a remote monitoring and dispatch center. A stolen vehicle can be remotely stopped at the command and control of the remote monitoring and dispatch center. Upon occurrence of a predetermined condition, such as stopping and blowing off the air from the brake system, the vehicle's brakes remain locked until entry of an authorization code or otherwise receiving authorization to proceed from the remote monitoring and dispatch center.
Claims 1. A system for preventing theft of a vehicle, said system comprising: a controller for operation upon a vehicle brake system, said controller operating in a first configuration to lock the vehicle brake system, and said controller operating in a second configuration to release the vehicle brake system; at least one sensor for outputting a signal based on a vehicle characteristic; and a processor for receiving the signal from the sensor and directing the operation of the controller to lock or release the vehicle brake system in response to the vehicle characteristic. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the at least one sensor outputs a signal based on a vehicle characteristic selected from: a weight loading on a landing gear component of the vehicle; a connection status of an electrical coupling of the vehicle; a state of at least one tamper switch component of the vehicle; a state of an access floor plate component of the vehicle; and a connection status of an air pressure supply component of the vehicle. 3. The system of claim 1, further comprising an input means for receiving a code, and means for authenticating said input code. 4. The system of claim 1, further comprising a transmitter for sending a signal to a remote receiver regarding a status of the vehicle. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein said controller for operation upon a vehicle brake system comprises a three-way solenoid valve. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein said controller for operation upon a vehicle brake system comprises a motorized air control valve. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein said at least one sensor for outputting a signal based on a vehicle characteristic comprises a pressure transducer. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein said processor comprises a programmed general-purpose computer. 9. The system of claim 1, further comprising a transceiver for communication to and from a remote monitoring station. 10. The system of claim 9, further comprising means for determining a geographic position, and wherein said transceiver communicates the determined geographic position to the remote monitoring station. 11. The system of claim 9, wherein the transceiver enables communication from the remote monitoring station to direct operation of the controller and remotely actuate the vehicle brake system. 12. The system of claim 9, wherein the transceiver communicates with the remote monitoring station over cell-phone channels. 13. The system of claim 9, wherein the transceiver communicates with the remote monitoring station over radio frequencies. 14. The system of claim 1, further comprising at least one battery for energizing the system, and at least one solar cell for charging the at least one battery. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein said processor receives lockout alarm indications from a plurality of sources, and directs the operation of said controller to lock the vehicle brake system upon receiving a lockout alarm indication from any of said plurality of sources, and prevents operation of said controller to release the vehicle brake system until an authorization code is input. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein said processor also receives at least one non-lockout alarm indication, which is communicated to a dispatcher but does not automatically trigger locking of the vehicle brake system. 17. The system of claim 1, further comprising an armored box housing said processor. 18. A theft-resistant vehicle comprising: a trailer comprising: a cargo container portion with at least one cargo access door movable between an open position and a closed position, a plurality of wheels, a trailer air brake system operable between an engaged position restricting rolling of the wheels and a released position allowing rolling of the wheels, and at least one landing gear support structure; and a theft-prevention and tracking system comprising: at least one valve operably connected to the trailer air brake system, a plurality of sensors including at least one landing gear sensor for sensing a weight loading condition of the at least one landing gear support structure, at least one magnetic door lock for locking the at least one cargo access door, a vehicle computer for controlling the at least one valve and the at least one magnetic door lock, and for receiving input from the plurality of sensors, a keypad for inputting authorization data to the vehicle computer, a transceiver for communication between the vehicle computer and a remote monitoring station; and a global positioning locator for determining a geographic location. 19. The theft-resistant vehicle of claim 18, wherein the transceiver communicates the geographic location determined by the global positioning locator to the remote monitoring station. 20. The theft-resistant vehicle of claim 19, wherein the theft-prevention and tracking system further comprises a tracking computer at the remote monitoring station for identifying deviation of the vehicle from a predetermined course and indicating an alarm condition. 21. The theft-resistant vehicle of claim 18, wherein the transceiver receives communications from the remote monitoring station instructing the vehicle computer to actuate the at least one valve operably connected to the trailer air brake system. 22. The theft-resistant vehicle of claim 18, wherein the magnetic door lock prevents access into the cargo container portion of the trailer until an authorization code is provided at a point of delivery. 23. The theft-resistant vehicle of claim 18, wherein the vehicle computer actuates the at least one valve to engage the trailer air brake system upon receiving a signal from the landing gear sensor indicating a weight loading condition of the at least one landing gear support structure, and prevents release of the trailer air brake system until an authorization code is entered on the keypad. 24. The theft-resistant vehicle of claim 18, further comprising a truck for detachable coupling to pull said trailer. 25. The theft-resistant vehicle of claim 24, wherein the trailer air brake system is engaged upon decoupling of the truck from the trailer, and prevents release of the trailer air brake system until an authorization code is entered on the keypad. 26. A method of preventing theft of a vehicle, said method comprising outputting a signal based on a characteristic of the vehicle, processing the signal to determine a vehicle status, and engaging or releasing a brake system of the vehicle in response to the determined status. 