Apparatus and methods for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load. The apparatus includes a thermoelectric generator that generates electric power when subjected to a temperature differential, at least one configurable component that affects at least one aspect of the power generated by the thermoelectric generator, a monitor that senses at least one aspect of the power generated by the thermoelectric generator and provides at least one signal characterizing the power generated by the thermoelectric generator, and a controller. The controller is configured to receive the at least one signal and configure the at least one configurable component based on the at least one signal in accordance with the requirements of a load to which power is supplied by the thermoelectric generator. The configurable component may be a matrix switch that can reconfigure the interconnections between banks included in the thermoelectric generator.
Claims 1. An apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load, the apparatus comprising: a thermoelectric generator that generates electric power when subjected to a temperature differential; at least one configurable component that affects at least one aspect of the power generated by the thermoelectric generator; a monitor that senses at least one aspect of the power generated by the thermoelectric generator and provides at least one signal characterizing the power generated by the thermoelectric generator; and a controller configured to receive the at least one signal and configure the at least one configurable component based on the at least one signal in accordance with the requirements of a load to which power is supplied by the thermoelectric generator. 2. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 1, wherein the controller comprises: a microprocessor; and a memory holding instructions executable by the microprocessor to receive the at least one signal and configure the at least one configurable component based on the at least one signal in accordance with the requirements of a load to which power is supplied by the thermoelectric generator. 3. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 1, wherein the temperature differential is provided by a supply of heated fluid and a relatively cold sink, and wherein the at least one configurable component further comprises a valve that, under control of the controller, adjusts a flow rate of the heated fluid. 4. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 1, wherein the temperature differential is provided by a supply of heated fluid and a relatively cold sink, and wherein the at least one configurable component further comprises a valve that, under control of the controller, adjusts the temperature of the heated fluid. 5. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 1, wherein the temperature differential is provided by a relatively hot source and a supply of relatively cold fluid, and wherein the at least one configurable component further comprises a valve that, under control of the controller, adjusts a flow rate of the relatively cold fluid. 6. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 1, wherein the temperature differential is provided by a relatively hot source and a supply of relatively cold fluid, and wherein the at least one configurable component further comprises a valve that, under control of the controller, adjusts the temperature of the relatively cold fluid. 7. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 1, wherein the temperature differential is provided by a supply of heated fluid and a relatively cold sink, and wherein the supply of heated fluid is heated by a solar collector, and wherein the at least one configurable component further comprises a solar collector adjusting mechanism that adjusts the ability of the solar collector to impart heat to the heated fluid. 8. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 7, wherein the solar collector is a flat panel solar collector, and wherein the solar collector adjusting mechanism adjusts the position of a shade over the flat panel solar collector. 9. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 7, wherein the solar collector is a concentrating solar collector, and wherein the solar collector adjusting mechanism adjusts the aiming or focus of the concentrating solar collector. 10. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 1, wherein the controller is further configured to produce a second signal indicating a status of power being generated by the thermoelectric generator. 11. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 10, wherein the second signal indicates the amount of power the thermoelectric generator is producing. 12. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 10, wherein the second signal indicates that the thermoelectric generator is unable to produce power in accordance with the requirements of the load. 13. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 1, wherein the thermoelectric generator comprises at least two banks, each bank comprising at least one thermoelectric module, and wherein each bank produces a portion of the power produced by the thermoelectric generator. 14. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 13, wherein the at least one configurable component comprises a matrix switch that, under control of the controller, configures the interconnection of the banks. 15. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 14, wherein configuring the interconnection of the banks comprises disconnecting at least one bank. 16. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 14, wherein configuring the interconnection of the banks comprises placing at least one bank in series with at least one other bank. 17. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 14, wherein configuring the interconnection of the banks comprises placing at least one bank in parallel with at least one other bank. 18. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 14, wherein configuring the interconnection of the banks comprises placing banks in a combination of series and parallel connections. 19. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 14, wherein configuring the interconnection of the banks comprises configuring the interconnection of the banks to maintain a desired output voltage for the thermoelectric generator. 20. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 13, wherein each bank comprises at least two thermoelectric modules, and wherein each thermoelectric module produces a portion of the power produced by its respective bank. 21. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 20, wherein the at least one configurable component comprises a matrix switch that, under control of the controller, configures the interconnection of the modules within a bank. 22. The apparatus for automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 1, wherein: the thermoelectric generator comprises at least two banks, wherein each bank produces a portion of the power produced by the thermoelectric generator; each bank comprises at least two thermoelectric modules, wherein each thermoelectric module produces a portion of the power produced by its respective bank; each bank comprises a module-level matrix switch that, under control of the controller, configures the interconnection of modules within its respective bank; and the apparatus further comprises a bank-level matrix switch that, under control of the controller, configures the interconnection of the banks. 23. A method of automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load, the method comprising: receiving, by a controller, at least one signal characterizing the power generated by a thermoelectric generator that generates electric power when subjected to a temperature differential; receiving, by the controller, an indication of requirements of a load to which power is supplied by the thermoelectric generator; configuring, by the controller based on the at least one signal characterizing the power generated by the thermoelectric generator and based on the indication of the requirements of the load to which power is supplied by the thermoelectric generator, at least one configurable component that affects at least one aspect of the power generated by the thermoelectric generator. 24. The method of automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 23, wherein the temperature differential is provided by a heated fluid and a relatively cold sink, and wherein configuring the at least one configurable component further comprises adjusting a valve that adjusts a rate of flow of the heated fluid. 25. The method of automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 23, wherein the temperature differential is provided by a heated fluid and a relatively cold sink, and wherein configuring the at least one configurable component further comprises adjusting a valve that adjusts the temperature of the heated fluid. 26. The method of automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 23, wherein the temperature differential is provided by a supply of heated fluid and a relatively cold sink, and wherein the supply of heated fluid is heated by a solar collector, and wherein configuring the at least one configurable component further comprises adjusting the ability of the solar collector to impart heat to the heated fluid. 27. The method of automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 23, wherein the thermoelectric generator comprises at least two banks, each bank comprising at least one thermoelectric module, wherein each bank produces a portion of the power produced by the thermoelectric generator, and wherein configuring the at least one configurable component further comprises controlling a matrix switch to configure the interconnection of the banks. 28. The method of automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 23, wherein the thermoelectric generator comprises at least two thermoelectric modules, wherein each module produces a portion of the power produced by the thermoelectric generator, and wherein configuring the at least one configurable component further comprises controlling a matrix switch to configure the interconnection of the thermoelectric modules. 29. The method of automatically configuring a thermoelectric power generation system in accordance with the requirements of a load as recited in claim 23, wherein the thermoelectric generator comprises at least two banks, each bank comprising at least two thermoelectric modules, wherein each bank produces a portion of the power produced by the thermoelectric generator, wherein each thermoelectric module produces a portion of the power produced by its respective bank, and wherein configuring the at least one configurable component further comprises controlling a module-level matrix switch to configure the interconnection of at least two of the thermoelectric modules, and further comprises controlling a bank-level matrix switch to configure the interconnection of the banks. 30. A method of converting thermal energy stored in a reservoir of heated fluid to electrical energy, the method comprising: passing heated fluid from the reservoir to a hot side of a thermoelectric generator, the thermoelectric generator comprising a plurality of thermoelectric modules; cooling a cold side of the thermoelectric generator; monitoring an output voltage produced by the thermoelectric generator; and reconfiguring interconnections of the thermoelectric modules to maintain the output voltage within a desired range as the temperature of the heated fluid fluctuates. 31. The method of converting thermal energy stored in a reservoir of heated fluid to electrical energy as recited in claim 30, further comprising heating the heated fluid using a solar collector. 32. The method of converting thermal energy stored in a reservoir of heated fluid to electrical energy as recited in claim 30, wherein the plurality of thermoelectric modules are grouped into banks, and wherein reconfiguring interconnections of the thermoelectric modules to maintain the output voltage within a desired range comprises reconfiguring interconnections of the banks. 33. A system for maintaining a power characteristic within a predetermined range, the system comprising: a monitor that measures a characteristic of power being supplied to a load by a thermoelectric generator; a controller that receives a signal from the monitor, the signal communicating the measurement of the power characteristic, the controller also including a specification of a predetermined desired range for the power characteristic; and a matrix switch having a plurality of input connections, the input terminals receiving connections from a plurality of thermoelectric modules within the thermoelectric generator, and the matrix switch further comprising a set of output terminals through which power generated by the thermoelectric generator is delivered to the load; wherein the controller is configured to compare the measurement of the power characteristic with the predetermined range, and to reconfigure interconnections between the input terminals and the output terminals to keep the power characteristic within the predetermined range. 34. The system for maintaining a power characteristic within a predetermined range as recited in claim 33, wherein the predetermined characteristic is a voltage. 35. The system for maintaining a power characteristic within a predetermined range as recited in claim 33, wherein the controller further comprises a microprocessor executing instructions stored on a computer-readable medium. 