A communications infrastructure is upgraded to a public safety network that supports wireless communications of emergency information. Communities have installed public safety communications systems such as community warning siren systems that rely on point-to-point communications systems. Each site in the system is upgraded to a node in a wireless network that provides the communications infrastructure for a network-enabled public safety communications system that enables trusted resources such as warning sirens to access the network and communicate with other trusted resources across the network. Additionally, the public safety network may be patched using mobile transceivers to form an ad hoc network in the event part of the infrastructure supporting the emergency response network is lost. Additionally, the upgrading of the communications system may include a public access network that relies on at least some of the same communications sites or nodes employed by the public safety network.
Claims 1. A method of installing a community-wide emergency response network comprising: upgrading an infrastructure supporting a public safety system comprising a plurality of sites distributed about the community to include one or more transceivers at each of the sites that cooperates with transceivers at other ones of the sites to provide the community-wide emergency response network; and adding one or more network-enabled, trusted resources to the community-wide emergency response network such that each resource is enabled to communicate with another one of the resources or sites by way of the network. 2. The method of claim 1 further including extending the community-wide emergency response network by deploying at least one additional transceiver at a site outside of the public safety system that cooperates with at least one of the upgraded sites. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the upgrading of the sites of the public safety system to provide the community-wide response network includes upgrading one or more of the sites to include transceivers supporting a public access network. 4. The method of claim 3 further including extending the public access network by deploying at least one additional transceiver at a site outside of the public safety system that cooperates with the transceivers supporting the public access network. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the one or more network-enabled, trusted resources includes at least one of a (1) fire vehicle, (2) street sweeper, (3) sewage service vehicle, (4) police vehicle, (5) ambulance, (6) industrial facility, (7) parking gate, (8) fire station, (9) city garage, (10) smoke detector having network capabilities, (11) school house, (12) personal warning device, (13) highway message sign, 14) vehicle to vehicle warning, (15) Internet warning, (16) Intranet warning, (17) traffic light, (18) meteorological weather station, (19) walking path monitor, (20) automatic meter reading, (21) chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive sensors, (22) business alarm monitoring, (23) neighborhood watch video surveillance, (24) fire fighter monitoring, (25) policeman monitoring, (26) personal tracking devices and (27) license plate recognition systems (28) a train, and (29) a bus. 6. The method of claim 5 including providing a hard wired communications link between each of the network enabled, trusted resources and one of the transceivers supporting the community-wide emergency response network. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the infrastructure is a system of dedicated radios. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein the public safety system is an outdoor emergency warning system. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein the community-wide emergency response network supports a IEEE 802.11 protocol. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein of the one or more transceivers at each of the upgraded sites includes a public access transceiver for supporting the public access network, a public safety transceiver for supporting the community-wide, emergency response network and a backhaul transceiver for supporting at least one of the public access and community-wide, emergency response network. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein at least one of the one or more network-enabled, trusted resources includes one of (1) fire vehicle, (2) street sweeper, (3) sewage service vehicle, (4) police vehicle, (5) ambulance, (6) industrial facility, (7) parking gate, (8) fire station, (9) city garage, (10) smoke detector having network capabilities, (11) school house, (12) personal warning device, (13) highway message sign, 14) vehicle to vehicle warning, (15) Internet warning, (16) Intranet warning, (17) traffic light, (18) meteorological weather station, (19) walking path monitor, (20) automatic meter reading, (21) chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive sensors, (22) business alarm monitoring, (23) neighborhood watch video surveillance, (24) fire fighter monitoring, (25) policeman monitoring, (26) personal tracking devices and (27) license plate recognition systems (28) a train, and (29) a bus. 12. The method of claim 11 including providing a wireless communications link between each of the network enabled, trusted resources and one of the transceivers supporting the community-wide emergency response network. 13. The method of claim 1 wherein one or more of the sites includes both local and external power supplies. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein the local power supply is one or more of (1) a battery, (2) a solar panel and (3) a fuel cell. 15. The method of claim 13 wherein a community power grid charges a local battery power supply. 16. The method of claim 1 wherein one or more of the sites includes a solar panel that charges a local battery power supply. 17. A method of deploying a community-wide public access network comprising: upgrading an infrastructure supporting a public safety system comprising a plurality of sites distributed about the community to include at least one transceiver at each of the sites to provide the community-wide public access network; and deploying at least one additional transceiver at a site outside of the sites comprising the public safety system for communicating with at least one of the plurality of sites upgraded to support the community-wide public access network. 18. The method of claim 17 further comprising utilizing encryption to implement a public safety network using the existing public access network. 19. The method of claim 17 further comprising extending the public safety system by adding a site to the plurality of sites comprising the public safety system that includes a transceiver for communicating with a network enabled public safety resource. 20. The method of claim 17 wherein each of the transceivers of the community-wide public access network includes one or more of (1) a Wi-Fi transceiver, (2) a Wi-Max transceiver, (3) a Hiperman transceiver, (4) a WiBro transceiver, (5) cellular telephony transceiver, and (6) a backhaul transceiver. 21. The method of claim 17 wherein the public safety system is an emergency warning system. 22. The method of claim 17 wherein the public safety system is a system of fire warning devices. 23. The method of claim 17 wherein each of the sites comprises a structure for supporting a warning siren at an elevation for broadcasting an audio warning signal to the community. 24. A method of deploying a public safety network comprising: upgrading an infrastructure supporting a public safety system comprising a plurality of sites distributed about a community to include a transceiver at each of the sites that cooperates with transceivers at other ones of the sites to provide the public safety network; and connecting one or more mobile, network-enabled, trusted resources to an upgraded one of the plurality of sites to enable each of the one or more connected resources to communicate with other resources in the public safety network. 25. The method of claim 24 further comprising extending at least one of the public safety network and the public access network by creating an ad hoc network comprising the one or more mobile network-enabled trusted resources. 26. The method of claim 25 wherein the mobile network enabled trusted resource is a vehicle equipped with a network enabled transceiver. 27. The method of claim 24 wherein the public safety system is an emergency warning system. 28. A method of deploying and communicating with a public safety resource in a community, the method comprising: upgrading a node of a communications infrastructure supporting a community-wide network to include one or more dedicated public safety resources in communication with a public safety control center via the community-wide network; and managing the one or more public safety resources by way of the communications between the control center and the one or more public safety resources. 29. The method of claim 28 wherein the community-wide network is one of a wireless public access network and a wireless public safety network. 30. The method of claim 29 wherein the upgrading of the node further includes installing at the node at least one of a transceiver for extending a wireless public safety network, a wireless public access network and a backhaul for a wireless network. 31. The method of claim 28 wherein the one or more dedicated public safety resources are hard wired to the node. 32. The method of claim 28 wherein the public safety resource includes at least one of a (1) surveillance camera, (2) an audio surveillance device, (3) a meteorological monitoring device and (4) a warning siren. 