A system and method for creating and using energy credits derived from the construction sector while maintaining green certification. The system and method uses buildings. The energy consumption of a building or buildings is first reduced by identifying and placing predetermined components in the buildings. That energy reduction is then designated as an energy credit derived from and associated with the construction sector. The credit is then marketed and sold. The remaining or residual energy consumption associated with use of the building is then offset through the purchase of outside energy credits. The building or buildings are then certified as green.
Claims 1. A method for creating and using energy credits, said credits being derived from the construction industry, while also maintaining green certification, comprising the steps of: a. Identifying a building; b. Ascertaining a base level of energy consumption for normal use of said building; c. Choosing to reduce said base level of energy consumption by a certain amount; d. Identifying components, which, if placed in said building, would reduce said base level of energy consumption of said building by said certain amount; e. Obtaining said components; f. Placing said components in said building; g. Verifying that said placed components reduce said energy consumption of said building by said certain amount; h. Designating said certain amount as an energy credit; i. Ascertaining direct and indirect carbon emissions generated from normal operation of said building; j. Purchasing energy credits to offset said direct and indirect carbon emissions generated from said building; and k. Certifying said building as green. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of marketing said energy credit to potential purchasers of the energy credit. 3. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of exchanging said energy credit for a monetary value. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the step of identifying a building comprises identifying a home. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the step of identifying a building comprises identifying a commercial building. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the steps of identifying, obtaining, and placing components comprises identifying, obtaining, and placing components from the group consisting of windows, doors, exterior wall coverings, roofing insulation, solar and wind applications, geo thermal systems, exterior patios, landscaping, water features, insulation, hvac systems, water heaters, appliances, outlets, light fixtures, window coverings, and building location. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein the step of verifying comprises on-site inspection of the performance of said components. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein on-site inspection is conducted by reading monitoring devices connected to said components. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein the step of verifying comprises off-site inspection of the performance of said components. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein off-site inspection is conducted by collecting data from transmitting monitoring devices which are connected to said components on-site. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein the steps of the method are performed directly as a service by a single business entity. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein the steps of the method are performed indirectly as a service by a single business entity. 13. A method of creating energy credits in building construction, said credits being derived from the construction industry, while also maintaining green certification for said building construction comprising the steps of: a. Identifying a building construction development in its planning stages; b. Identifying a planned building within the building construction development; c. Ascertaining a base level of energy consumption for normal use of said planned building; d. Choosing to reduce said base level of energy consumption by a certain amount; e. Identifying components compatible with said planned building which, if utilized, would reduce the energy consumption of said building by said certain amount; f. Obtaining said components; g. Constructing said building; h. Placing said components in said building; i. Verifying that said placed components reduce said energy consumption of the building by the said certain amount; j. Designating said certain amount as an energy credit; k. Ascertaining direct and indirect carbon emissions generated from normal operation of said building; l. Purchasing energy credits to offset said direct and indirect carbon emissions generated from said building; and m. Certifying said building as green. 14. The method of claim 13 further comprising the step of marketing said energy credit to potential purchasers of the credit. 15. The method of claim 13 further comprising the step of exchanging said energy credit for a monetary value. 16. The method of claim 13 wherein the step of identifying a building comprises identifying a home. 17. The method of claim 13 wherein the step of identifying a building comprises identifying a commercial building. 18. The method of claim 13 wherein the steps of identifying, obtaining, and placing components comprises identifying, obtaining, and placing components from the group consisting of windows, doors, exterior wall coverings, roofing insulation, solar and wind applications, geo thermal systems, exterior patios, landscaping, water features, insulation, hvac systems, water heaters, appliances, outlets, light fixtures, window coverings, and building location. 19. The method of claim 13 wherein the step of verifying comprises on-site inspection of the performance of said design components. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein on-site inspection is conducted by reading monitoring devices connected to said design components. 21. The method of claim 13 wherein the step of verifying comprises off-site inspection of the performance of said design components. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein off-site inspection is conducted by collecting data from transmitting monitoring devices which are connected to said design components on-site. 23. The method of claim 13 wherein the steps of the method are performed directly as a service by a single business entity. 24. The method of claim 13 wherein the steps of the method are performed indirectly as a service by a single business entity. 