A sales method provides for the demonstration, performance forecasting, financing, leasing, renting, power purchase agreement, tax-advantages, and group benefits of complete renewable energy systems. Even before a sales call is attempted, a system integrator has arranged a special group of lenders and investors that will fund any project initiated, has engaged credit services to check consumer credit files, has collected operational data from a number of its own systems, has created forecast models of performance, and arranged open-membership groups to which a new user can join immediately to share in collective bargaining with utilities, spread down-time risk and expense, utilize tax incentives, etc.
Claims 1. A renewable energy sales business model, comprising: pre-arranging a select group of lenders and investors to fund future renewable energy system projects; engaging consumer credit worthiness credit checking services to check particular sales prospects; collecting operational data from a number of renewable energy system projects previously installed; analyzing collected operational data to create forecast models of performance of said renewable energy system projects previously installed; and arranging open-membership groups to which a new user can join to at least share in one of collective bargaining with utilities, spread down-time risk, investment incentives, and reduced expense of a renewable energy system project. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: making a sales call or visit to a user and their potential renewable energy system project site; providing financing options to the customer which allow the customer to benefit from tax and investment incentives, in the form of lower payments or reduced capital outlays; demonstrating to said user said forecast models of performance and describing the select group of lenders and investors available to fund projects, the tax-advantages and reduced cash outlays required to proceed with a project, and configuring a system to suit this particular user; and completing the construction and operational contracts and funding at said user site with the assistance of said pre-arranged lenders, investors, and credit services, and previously collected and analyzed operational data and forecast models. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein: the step of collecting operational data from a number of renewable energy system projects previously installed includes collecting data from a solar power installation of solar panels to convert sunlight to DC electricity, an inverter to convert the DC to AC electricity, and a metered utility connection for selling to or offsetting energy charges for AC electricity from an electric utility. 4. The method of claim 3, further comprising: the step of collecting operational data from a number of renewable energy system projects previously installed includes collecting data from a monitor with sensors and connections to said inverter provides system operation measurements and data through a connection the Internet. 5. The method of claim 4, further comprising: the step of collecting operational data from a number of renewable energy system projects previously installed includes using a centralized server to collect measurements and data from many solar installation monitors and to analyze its inputs to provide useful information to users and systems integrators, wherein such information is employed in the conduct a solar energy business. 6. A renewable energy industry business method and sales method that provides for the demonstration, performance forecasting, financing, leasing, renting, power purchase agreement, tax-advantages, and group benefits of complete renewable energy systems. 