Circuits integrated or integrable with a photovoltaic panel to provide built-in functionality to the photovoltaic panel including safety features such as arc detection and elimination, ground fault detection and elimination, reverse current protection, monitoring of the performance of the photovoltaic panel, transmission of the monitored parameters and theft prevention of the photovoltaic panel. The circuits may avoid power conversion, for instance DC/DC power conversion, may avoid performing maximum power tracking to include a minimum number of components and thereby increase overall reliability.
Claims 1. A circuit for a photovoltaic panel, the circuit including: a plurality of input terminals attachable to the photovoltaic panel; a plurality of output terminals; a controller; a switch operatively connected between one of the input terminals and one of the output terminals, wherein said switch includes a control terminal operatively connected to said controller; an output bypass circuit connectible across said output terminals, wherein said output bypass circuit is operable to bypass current around the switch and around the photovoltaic panel; and at least two modules operatively connected to said controller, wherein said at least two modules are selected from the group consisting of: a theft detection module operable to detect theft of the photovoltaic panel, wherein said controller is configured to activate said switch and to disconnect the photovoltaic panel from the output terminals responsive to said theft detection; an arc elimination module operable to detect an arc, wherein said controller is configured to activate said switch and to disconnect the photovoltaic panel from the output terminals responsive to a detection of said arc; a ground fault detection module operable to detect a ground fault, wherein said controller is configured to activate said switch and to disconnect the photovoltaic panel from the output terminals responsive to the detection of said ground fault; and a safety module, wherein said controller is configured to activate said switch to select either a safe operating mode to produce a safe limited output power on the output terminals or a normal operating mode to produce a substantially maximum output power from the photovoltaic panel. 2. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the circuit includes at least three of the modules selected from the group. 3. The circuit of claim 1, further including a monitoring module operable to monitor performance of the photovoltaic panel. 4. The circuit of claim 3, wherein said monitoring module is operable to detect at least one condition selected from the group consisting of: over current, under current, over voltage, under voltage, and over temperature, wherein said controller is configured to activate said switch responsive to said at least one condition. 5. (canceled) 6. The circuit of claim 1, wherein said circuit avoids power, voltage and current conversion between the input terminals and the output terminals. 7. The circuit of claim 1, wherein said switch when closed provides a low impedance direct current path for direct current producible by the photovoltaic panel to the output terminals. 8. The circuit of claim 1, further including: at least one sensor operatively attached to said controller, wherein said at least one sensor is configured to measure at least one parameter selected from the group consisting of current through the input terminals, voltage at the input terminals, current through the output terminals, voltage at the input terminals; and a transmitter operatively attached to said controller wherein said transmitter is operable to transmit said at least one parameter. 9. The circuit of claim 1, further including a permanent attachment to the photovoltaic panel. 10-14. (canceled) 15. The circuit of claim 1, wherein said switch includes a single pole switch with: a first pole connected to at least one of the input terminals; and a second pole connected to at least one of the output terminals. 16. The circuit of claim 1, the circuit further including: an input bypass circuit connectible across said input terminals, wherein said input bypass circuit is operable to bypass current around the photovoltaic panel. 17-19. (canceled) 20. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the circuit includes a direct current (DC) to DC power converter to perform power conversion between the input terminals and the output terminals. 21. A method comprising: connecting a photovoltaic panel through a switch to a series string of one or more additional photovoltaic panels; charging a charge storage device with current bypassed around the switch and around the photovoltaic panel from the series string of the one or more additional photovoltaic panels; providing operating power to a controller from charge stored on the charge storage device, wherein the controller is adapted to monitor multiple types of malfunctions and to control the switch; activating the switch with the controller thereby disconnecting the photovoltaic panel from the series string of one or more additional photovoltaic panels upon detecting with the controller at least one of the malfunctions, wherein the malfunctions monitorable by the controller are selected from the group consisting of: a detection of an arc, wherein said disconnecting of the photovoltaic panel from the series string of the one or more additional photovoltaic panel eliminates said arc: a theft of the photovoltaic panel, wherein said disconnecting of the photovoltaic panel from the series string of the one or more additional photovoltaic panels renders the photovoltaic panel inoperable; a ground fault, wherein said disconnecting of the photovoltaic panel from the series string of the one or more additional photovoltaic panels eliminates said ground fault; and a monitored parameter fault, wherein a monitored parameter is selected from the group consisting of under voltage, over voltage, under current, over current, and over temperature, wherein the monitored parameter is out of a previously specified value range during the monitored parameter fault. 22. The method of claim 21, further comprising: bypassing current from the series string of the one or more additional photovoltaic panels around the switch and around the photovoltaic panel upon detecting at least one of the malfunctions. 23. The method of any of claim 21, further comprising: bypassing current from the series string of the one or more additional photovoltaic panels around the photovoltaic panel with an input bypass circuit connected across said photovoltaic panel. 24. The method claim 21, further comprising: converting power from the photovoltaic panel with a direct current (DC) to DC power converter prior to connecting the photovoltaic panel through the switch to the one or more additional photovoltaic panels. 25. The circuit of claim 1, wherein said output bypass circuit includes: a charge storage device operable to provide operating power to said controller from the current bypassed around the switch and around the photovoltaic panel. 26. A photovoltaic module comprising the circuit of claim 1 and further comprising the photovoltaic panel. 27. A power harvesting system comprising the photovoltaic module of claim 26 connected in series with one or more additional photovoltaic modules. 