An adiabatic power generation method and apparatus includes at least one combusting device to combust any suitable fuel and an oxygen-containing gas to produce hot high pressure combustion gases. Also includes modified present art combustors, wind and solar energy sources. A portion of the expanded gases, or ambient air is mixed with the combustion gases to form a mixture of gases as working fluid that is fed to a work-producing device.
Claims 1. An adiabatic power generating system, which comprises: a. Means for combusting a combustible mixture of a fuel and an oxygen-containing gas to form a gaseous combustion product at a first range of elevated temperature and pressure; b. Means for conducting said gaseous combustion product to a thermally insulated mixing means downstream of said combusting means, c. Means for introducing into said mixing means a secondary gas at a second range of temperature and pressure lower than said first range to form in said mixing means an admixture of gases as a working fluid at a third range of temperature and pressure intermediate said first and second ranges, d. Means for conducting said working fluid to a work-producing means operable to produce work by expansion of said working fluid, e. Said combusting means being (i) at least one thermally insulated gas reactor of substantially constant volume or (ii) said combusting means being enclosed within a housing and having heat exchange means in heat exchange relationship with said housing, said heat exchange means being operable to transfer heat arising from the combustion of said combustible mixture by said combusting means to a heat exchange gas and to conduct at least a portion of said heated heat exchange gas as working fluid to said work-producing means for expansion therein, f. Whereby heat losses from said system are minimized thereby and the system operates at least substantially adiabatically. 2. A method for producing power from combustion of a fuel which comprises: a. feeding a pressurized Oxygen-containing gas and then a combustible fuel to at least one combustion zone of substantially constant volume to form a combustible mixture therein, combusting said combustible mixture in each said combustion zone under substantially adiabatic conditions to form gaseous combustion products and exhausting said gaseous combustion products from each said combustion zone at a first predetermined range of elevated temperature and pressure, b. forming in a mixing zone an admixture of said exhausted combustion gases and a secondary gas at a second predetermined range of temperature and pressure lower than said first predetermined range, and c Feeding said admixture as working fluid to a work producing zone for expansion of said working fluid to produce work thereby 3. The method of claim 2 wherein there is a single said combustion zone. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein said secondary gas is ambient air or pressurized air 5. The method of claim 3, wherein said secondary gas is provided by recovering at least a portion of said expanded gases and recycling said portion to said mixing zone. 6. The method of claim 2, wherein a flame is propagated in each said combustion zone and water is introduced into each said combustion zone to cool said flame and reduce the temperature and increase the weight of said gaseous combustion products. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, which comprises: a. at least one gas reactor, each said gas reactor having an elongated, substantially sealed housing of substantially constant volume, inlets and outlets at opposite ends thereof, means for thermally insulating said housing and means for propagating a modulated flame within said housing; b. first conduit means communicating with said inlets for feeding a pressurized Oxygen-containing gas and then a combustible fuel to the interior of each said reactor to form a combustible mixture therein; c. second conduit means communicating with each said outlet for exhausting gaseous combustion products from each said reactor at a first predetermined range of elevated temperature and pressure; d. means for producing work by expansion of gases, and e. mixing means for admixing a secondary gas with said combustion products to form an admixture of gases as working fluid at a second predetermined range of temperature and pressure lower than said first predetermined range, said mixing means being between each said gas reactor and said work-producing means, and means for feeding said working fluid to said work-producing means for expansion therein to produce work thereby. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein there is a single reactor. 9. The apparatus of claim 8,wherein said secondary gas is ambient air or compressed air. 10. The apparatus of claim 8,wherein means are provided to recover at least a portion of said expanded gases and to feed said recovered portion as said secondary gas to said mixing means. 11. The apparatus of claim 7, comprising means for introducing water into each said gas reactor to cool a flame therein, means for recovering at least a portion of gases exhausted from said work-producing means as said secondary gas, and means for cooling said secondary gas by expansion to condense at least part of water in said secondary gas, dryer means for removing condensed water from said secondary gas, and means for feeding dried secondary gas to said mixing means. 12. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein each said gas reactor has opposed first and second ends, a centrally placed elongated flame retaining chamber within said housing between said ends and in communication with said gas reactor inlets, said flame retaining chamber having a flame regulation structure comprising combustion air inlets and fuel outflow nozzles, each of relatively large cross-sectional area and arranged symmetrically with respect to the longitudinal axis of said chamber to provide symmetrical flame propagation longitudinally into said flame retaining chamber, said flame retaining chamber having a diverging portion adjacent said first end and adjacent to the flame with substantial perforations for easy passage of local circulating products of combustion from an annulus space between the inner wall of said housing and the outer surface of said flame retaining chamber, while just downstream of the flame said flame retaining chamber converges and terminates in an ejection nozzle, whereby said gaseous products of combustion strike said second end of said reactor and whereby by thermal forces said products of combustion are transferred to said first end of said reactor and thence through said perforations in said diverging section of said flame retaining chamber and through said combustion air inlets. 13. The apparatus of claim 7, comprising means to compress air to a predetermined pressure, substantially isothermally, by means of water injection and external cooling and means for feeding said compressed air to each said gas reactor inlet. 14. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein said work producing means comprises one or more rotary gas motors arranged in a configuration suitable to load conditions, said gas motors being operated by said working fluid at said second predetermined range of temperature and pressure. 15. Apparatus of claim 7, wherein said work-producing means comprises one or more reciprocating gas motors arranged in a configuration suitable to load conditions. 16. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein said gas rotary motors are turbines each having an output shaft, and means are included to provide regulated and automatic controls of said turbines such that the output shaft torque is maximum at zero speed and is lower at higher speeds and suitably matched to self-propelled vehicles operating load characteristics, and wherein such turbines are mechanically coupled in series or parallel to loads in a manner to perform as torque converters such that mechanical power delivery transmissions are not necessary. 17. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein said rotary gas motors have a double acting free piston axially reciprocating in a chamber having a bore and a first end and a second end with shaft extensions for coupling loads and with means to inject and vent said secondary gas with automatic controls for rapid oscillation. 18. Apparatus of claim 15, wherein said rotary gas motors are provided in a self-propelled vehicle to power said vehicle, means for providing an admixture of products of combustion and a lower pressure secondary gas to said rotary gas motors during acceleration of said vehicle, means for providing ambient air to said rotary gas motor during deceleration of said vehicle, and means for storing pressurized ambient air exhausted from said rotary gas motors and for supplying said exhausted pressurized air to said rotary gas motors for subsequent accelerations of said vehicle. 19. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein said combustible mixture comprises air and a combustible fuel, heat-exchanger means is provided for preheating said charged air before said combustible fuel is charged into each said gas reactor, a solar-energy concentrator-collector means is provided remote from said gas reactors, and means is provided to transfer collected heat from said solar-energy means to said heat-exchanger means, said gas reactors being located underground. 20. The apparatus of claim 7, including means for computer monitoring and control comprising; a. means for operating safety and overpressure valves; b. means for regulating pressures and temperatures; c. means for observing flame during operation; d. means for proportioning and diverting flows of gas streams; and e. means for switching entry and exit ports in said reactor and devices associated with operation of the system. 21. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said mixing means includes a venturi-type nozzle therein for mixing said higher pressure combustion products with said lower pressure secondary gas with means for tangential secondary gas entry in the perimeter thereof, and said mixing means comprises a hollow cylindrical heat-resistant chamber with sealed ends and interior and exterior insulation. 22. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said work-producing means is in a heated space, and said feeding means is operable to feed a portion of said admixture to said work-producing means and a portion to said heated space to heat said space. 23. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said work-producing means is operably connected to and powers an energy consuming device selected from the group consisting of a distributive cooking means, a hot water heating means and a clothes drying means, and said feeding means is operable to feed a portion of said admixture to said work-producing means and a portion to said energy consuming means to provide heat therein. 24. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein said gas motors are located at a plurality of load applications for stationary and portable power plants whereby forming distributive operation of systems. 25. The apparatus of claim 1, which comprises: a. Means for combusting a combustible mixture of a fuel and an oxygen-containing gas to form a gaseous combustion product at a first range of elevated temperature and pressure; b. Means for conducting said gaseous combustion product to a thermally insulated mixing means downstream of said combusting means, c. Means for introducing into said mixing means a secondary gas at a second range of temperature and pressure lower than said first range to form in said mixing means an admixture of gases as a working fluid at a third range of temperature and pressure intermediate said first and second ranges, d. Means for conducting said working fluid to a work-producing means operable to produce work by expansion of said working fluid, and e. Said combusting means being enclosed within a housing and having heat exchange means in heat exchange relationship with said housing, said heat exchange means being operable to transfer heat arising from combustion of said combustible mixture by said combusting means to a heat exchange gas and to conduct at least a portion of said heated heat exchange gas as working fluid to said work-producing means for expansion therein, f. Whereby heat losses from said system is minimized thereby and the system operates at least substantially adiabatically. 26. The system of claim 25, wherein said secondary gas is ambient air or pressurized air. 27. The system of claim 25, wherein the apparatus of claim 8,wherein means are provided to recover at least a portion of said expanded gases and to feed said recovered portion as said secondary gas to said mixing means. 28. The system of claim 25, wherein said work producing means comprises one or more rotary gas motors arranged in series and/or parallel suitable to load conditions, said gas motors being operated by said admixture of gases at said second predetermined range of temperature and pressure. 29. The system of claim 25, wherein said work-producing means comprises one or more reciprocating gas motors arranged in series and/or parallel suitable to load conditions. 30. The system of claim 28, wherein said rotary gas motors are turbines each having an output shaft, and means are included to provide regulated and automatic controls of said turbines such that the output shaft torque is maximum at zero speed and is lower at higher speeds and suitably matched to self-propelled vehicles operating load characteristics, and wherein such turbines are mechanically coupled in series or parallel to loads in a manner to perform as torque converters such that mechanical power delivery transmissions are not necessary. 31. The system of claim 28, wherein said rotary gas motors are provided in a self-propelled vehicle to power said vehicle, means for providing an admixture of products of combustion and a lower pressure secondary gas to said rotary gas motors during acceleration of said vehicle, means for providing ambient air to said rotary gas motor during deceleration of said vehicle, and means for storing pressurized ambient air exhausted from said rotary gas motors and for supplying said exhausted pressurized air to said rotary gas motors for subsequent accelerations of said vehicle. 32. An adiabatic power generating system using a wind turbine, which comprises: a. Means for combusting a combustible mixture of a fuel and compressed air to form within a combustion chamber a gaseous combustion product at a first range of elevated temperature and pressure and means for feeding compressed air and fuel to said combustion chamber, b. Wind turbine means and a first compressor means operated by said wind turbine means to provide said compressed air, c. Means for conducting said gaseous combustion product to a thermally insulated mixing means downstream of said combusting means, d. Means for introducing into said mixing means a secondary gas at a second range of temperature and pressure lower than said first range to form in said mixing means an admixture of gases as a working fluid at a third range of temperature and pressure intermediate said first and second ranges, e. Means for conducting said working fluid to a work-producing means operable to produce work by expansion of said working fluid, f. Said combusting means being (i) at least one thermally insulated gas reactor of substantially constant volume or (ii) said combusting means being enclosed within a housing and having heat exchange means in heat exchange relationship with said housing, said heat exchange means being operable to transfer heat arising from the combustion of said combustible mixture by said combusting means to a heat exchange gas and to conduct at least a portion of said heated heat exchange gas as working fluid to said work-producing means for expansion therein, g. Said wind turbine means and said first compressor means being mounted in a first structure and the other means (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) being mounted separately from said structure. h. Whereby heat losses from said system are minimized thereby and the system operates at least substantially adiabatically. 33. The apparatus of claim 32, wherein there is provided solar energy collecting means to receive solar energy and to become heated thereby, first heat-exchange means in heat-exchange relationship with said solar energy collecting means for transferring heat from said heated solar energy collecting means to a heat exchanger fluid, and second heat-exchange means being operably related to said combustion means to transfer heat from heated heat-exchange fluid to compressed air in said combustion chamber. 34. The apparatus of claim 33, wherein in there is provided control means responsive to the amount of solar energy collected by said collecting means for stopping the feeding of fuel to said combusting means and conduit means for conducting compressed air heated by said second heat-exchange means as said working fluid to said work producing means. 35. The apparatus of claim 34, wherein each said combusting means is located underground. 36. The apparatus of claim 32, wherein normally OFF standby compressor means is provided, said standby compressor means being turned ON when said wind turbine is not turning or is below a predetermined cut-in speed, and is operable, when ON, to provide said compressed air for said combustion chamber. 37. A power generating system using a wind turbine, which comprises: a. Wind power to provide compressed air, b. Means for conducting said compressed air as working fluid to a work-producing means operable to produce work by expansion of said working fluid, c. Said wind turbine means and said first compressor means being mounted in a first structure and the other means (b), being mounted separately from said structure. 