A tracking system (10) for tracking movable assets (16) and a method for using the system are provided. The tracking system includes a monitoring device (22), a tracking information network (20), a data communication network (18), a tracker tag (12), and a tracking information server (14). The tracker tag operates independent from the asset and uses GPS technology. The tracking information server provides tracking information and related information to a subscriber. The method is for tracking the movable asset and providing tracking information to the subscriber. In one embodiment, the tracker tag is in communication with an Iridium satellite constellation (28) and the tracking information is displayed to the subscriber when the asset is substantially anywhere in the world. In another embodiment, the monitoring device is in communication with the Iridium satellite constellation and the tracking information is displayed to the subscriber when the subscriber is substantially anywhere in the world, preferably via the Internet (36).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus (10, 26) for tracking a movable asset (16) and providing tracking information to a monitoring device (22), including: a tracker tag (12) adapted to selectively receive position and time data from multiple global positioning system satellites (240) of a global positioning system satellite constellation (24), the position data representing a position of each global positioning system satellite from which data was received with respect to center of Earth (37) and the time data representing a time of day associated with the position data, the tracker tag disposed along an exterior of the movable asset at a location facilitating reception of the position and time data, the tracker tag combining the position and time data from the multiple global positioning system satellites for selectively transmitting combined position and time data via a data communication network (18), wherein the tracker tag is adapted to receive command and control information via the data communication network, wherein the tracker tag is electrically isolated from the asset and inoperative from equipment associated with the asset; and a tracking information server (14) for command and control of the tracker tag, wherein the tracking information server is adapted to selectively transmit command and control information to the tracker tag via the data communication network, wherein the tracking information server is adapted to receive combined position and time data from the tracker tag via the data communication network, wherein the tracking information server is adapted to selectively receive command and control information from the monitoring device via a tracking information network (20), wherein the tracking information server is adapted to selectively process the combined position and time data based on preprogrammed instructions and command and control information to produce the tracking information, wherein the tracking information is associated with the asset and selectively accessible to the monitoring device via the tracking information network. 2. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein the data communication network includes a terrestrial telephone network and a data communication satellite system, the data communication satellite system further including a data communication satellite constellation and a data communication satellite/terrestrial telephone gateway in communication with the data communication satellite constellation and the terrestrial telephone network. 3. The apparatus as set forth in claim 2, wherein the terrestrial telephone network is a PSTN (32), the data communication satellite system is an Iridium satellite system, the data communication satellite constellation is an Iridium satellite constellation (28), and the data communication satellite/terrestrial telephone gateway is an Iridium satellite/PSTN gateway (30). 4. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein the tracking information network includes an Internet (36) and a data communication satellite system, the data communication satellite system further including a data communication satellite constellation and a data communication satellite/Internet gateway in communication with the data communication satellite constellation and the Internet. 5. The apparatus as set forth in claim 4, wherein the data communication satellite system is an Iridium satellite system, the data communication satellite constellation is an Iridium satellite constellation (28), and the data communication satellite/Internet gateway is an Iridium satellite/Internet gateway (36). 6. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, the tracker tag including: a global positioning system receiver (65) adapted to selectively receive the position and time data; an environmental sensor (66) for sensing vibration; a data buffer (76) for selectively storing the combined position and time data and detected event data; and a controller (68) in communication with the global positioning system receiver, environmental sensor, and data buffer, wherein the controller compares vibration measurements from the environmental sensor with predetermined thresholds to detect at least one of a group of events, the group of events including: i) startup of a power plant associated with the asset, ii) shutdown of the power plant, iii) start of movement of the asset, iv) cessation of movement of the asset, v) excessive increase in acceleration of the asset, and vi) excessive decrease in acceleration of the asset, wherein the controller selectively stores the combined position and time data and detected event data in the data buffer. 7. The apparatus as set forth in claim 6, wherein the environmental sensor includes an accelerometer. 8. The apparatus as set forth in claim 6, wherein the global positioning system receiver begins receiving the position and time data and the controller begins storing the combined position and time data and the detected event data in the data buffer when at least one of the group of events are detected. 9. The apparatus as set forth in claim 6, wherein the tracker tag begins transmitting the combined position and time data and the detected event data when at least one of the group of events are detected. 10. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, the tracker tag including: a global positioning system receiver (65) adapted to selectively receive the position and time data; a data buffer (76) for selectively storing the combined position and time data and detected event data; and a controller (68) in communication with the global positioning system receiver and data buffer, wherein the controller combines the position and time data received by the global positioning system receiver in a trilateration fashion to produce XYZ and time data when the position and time data was received from at least four global positioning satellites, the XYZ data representing a latitude, a longitude, and an altitude, respectively, and the time data representing a time of day associated with the XYZ data, the combined position and time data including the XYZ and time data. 11. The apparatus as set forth in claim 10, wherein the resolution of the XYZ data is about 18 inches in latitude, about 18 inches in longitude, and about 18 inches in altitude. 12. The apparatus as set forth in claim 10, wherein the controller compares the XYZ data to predetermined XYZ coordinate limits to detect at least one of a group of events, the group of events including: i) asset is in proximity of a restricted area, ii) asset is in a restricted area, iii) asset is in proximity of a hazardous area, iv) asset is in a hazardous area, v) asset is at a way point, vi) asset is at a destination, vii) asset is off course, viii) asset is nearing a high stress condition, ix) asset is experiencing a high stress condition, x) asset is experiencing excessive loss of altitude, xi) asset is experiencing excessive increase in altitude, xii) asset is experiencing unexpected stoppage/slow down, and xiii) asset is exceeding a speed restriction. 13. The apparatus as set forth in claim 12, wherein the global positioning system receiver begins receiving the position and time data and the controller begins storing the combined position and time data and the detected event data in the data buffer when at least one of the group of events are detected. 14. The apparatus as set forth in claim 12, wherein the tracker tag begins transmitting the combined position and time data and the detected event data from the data buffer when at least one of the group of events are detected. 15. The apparatus as set forth in claim 10, wherein the global positioning system receiver begins receiving the position and time data and the controller begins storing the combined position and time data and the detected event data in the data buffer when a command to begin receiving is received via the data communication network. 16. The apparatus as set forth in claim 10, wherein the tracker tag begins transmitting the combined position and time data and the detected event data from the data buffer when a command to begin transmitting is received via the data communication network. 17. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, the tracker tag including: a data communication link (48) adapted to transmit data via the data communication network and adapted to receive data via the data communication network; a data buffer (76) for storing the combined position and time data, a tracker tag identification data, and a predetermined tag profile; a controller (68) in communication with the data communication link and the data buffer, wherein the controller controls data transmissions in a burst fashion by waiting for a group of the combined position and time data to accumulate in the data buffer based on the predetermined tag profile and commands received via the data communication network, wherein the controller includes the tracker tag identification data in each data transmission burst. 18. The apparatus as set forth in claim 17, wherein the controller controls the timing between transmission bursts to maintain a virtual private network connection over a public data communication system within the data communication network. 19. The apparatus as set forth in claim 18, wherein the public data communication system is the Iridium satellite system. 20. The apparatus as set forth in claim 17, wherein the controller controls the timing between transmission bursts so that the apparatus can provide real-time tracking information. 21. The apparatus as set forth in claim 17, wherein the controller controls the timing between transmission bursts to minimize transmission time over the data communication network. 22. The apparatus as set forth in claim 17, wherein the controller delays a transmission burst until a begin transmitting command is received via the data communication network. 23. The apparatus as set forth in claim 17, wherein the controller maintains the combined position and time data in the data buffer associated with each transmission burst until an acknowledgment of receipt of the transmission burst is received via the data communication network. 24. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, the tracking information server including: a communication link (94) adapted to receive the combined position and time data and transmit command and control information wherein the communication link is adapted to receive tracker tag identification data via the data communication network; a data warehouse (96) in communication with the communication link for processing the combined position and time data into asset data based on a first tracking link between the tracker tag identification data and the asset; a Web server (98) providing a set of Web pages for displaying tracking information, wherein the Web server is in communication with the data warehouse and populates at least one selected Web pages with asset data mined from the data warehouse; a client communication interface (102) in communication with the Web server and adapted to selectively provide the monitoring device with access to the tracking information; and a system controller (92) in communication with the communication link, the data warehouse, the Web server, and the client communication interface, wherein the system controller stores a predetermined tag profile and controls processing of the combined position and time data into tracking information using the predetermined tag profile, wherein the system controller is adapted to command the tracker tag and provide the tracker tag with control information using the predetermined tag profile. 25. The apparatus as set forth in claim 24, wherein the data warehouse processes the combined position and time data received from the tracker tag in a trilateration fashion to produce XYZ and time data when position and time data was received from at least four global positioning satellites, the XYZ data representing a latitude, a longitude, and an altitude, respectively, and the time data representing a time of day associated with the XYZ data. 26. The apparatus as set forth in claim 25, wherein the data warehouse compares the XYZ data to predetermined XYZ coordinate limits to detect at least one of a group of events, the group of events including: i) asset is in proximity of a restricted area, ii) asset is in a restricted area, iii) asset is in proximity of a hazardous area, iv) asset is in a hazardous area, v) asset is at a way point, vi) asset is at a destination, vii) asset is off course, viii) asset is nearing a high stress condition, ix) asset is experiencing a high stress condition, x) asset is experiencing excessive loss of altitude, xi) asset is experiencing excessive increase in altitude, xii) asset is experiencing unexpected stoppage/slow down, and xiii) asset is exceeding a speed restriction. 27. The apparatus as set forth in claim 25, wherein the data warehouse produces asset data by associating the XYZ and time data with the asset using the tracker tag identification data and the first tracking link and stores the asset data. 28. The apparatus as set forth in claim 27, wherein the data warehouse processes the asset data according to the predetermined tag profile to produce at least one asset report. 29. The apparatus as set forth in claim 28, the tracking information server further including: a file server (100) in communication with the data warehouse and the Web server, wherein the data warehouse communicates the asset reports to the file server and the file server stores the at least one asset report; wherein at least one Web page includes at least one hypertext link to the at least one asset report. 30. The apparatus as set forth in claim 28, wherein the types of asset reports include at least one of a group of reports, the group of reports including: i) asset log, ii) operation log, iii) operator log, iv) location and time in restricted area, v) location and time in hazardous area, vi) location and time off course, v) location and time in high stress condition, and vi) location and time of unexpected stoppage. 31. The apparatus as set forth in claim 25, wherein the data warehouse produces element data by associating the XYZ and time data with an element of the asset using the tracker tag identification data and the first and second tracking links and stores the element data, wherein the second tracking link identifies a relationship between the asset and the element. 32. The apparatus as set forth in claim 31, wherein the element is any one of a group of element, the group of elements including: an operator, a crew member, a passenger, an owner, a cargo item, an operational equipment item, and a support equipment item. 33. The apparatus as set forth in claim 31, wherein the asset is an aircraft and the element is a fuel pump. 34. The apparatus as set forth in claim 24, wherein the Web server is adapted to present tracking information to an authorized client user via the Web pages and to respond to client user selections and requests presented associated with the Web pages. 35. The apparatus as set forth in claim 24, wherein the tracking information presented in the Web pages includes a graphical symbol representing XYZ data associated with the asset, wherein the symbol is overlaid on a suitable map. 36. The apparatus as set forth in claim 35, wherein the suitable map is a one of a group of maps, the group of maps including: a street map, an aviation map, a water map, a rail map, and a three-dimensional environment. 37. The apparatus as set forth in claim 35, wherein the XYZ data is mined from the asset data in a sequential fashion and the graphical symbol is repeatedly overlaid to show movement of the asset in reference to the map. 38. The apparatus as set forth in claim 35, wherein the XYZ data is mined from the asset data in response to selections and requests presented via the Web pages by a client user monitoring the tracking information. 39. The apparatus as set forth in claim 24, wherein the tracking information server is adapted to communicate with a client user associated with the asset via the tracking information network to configure the first tracking link. 40. The apparatus as set forth in claim 24, wherein the first tracking link includes tracking link information, wherein the tracking link information includes at least one of a group of information types, the group of information types including: i) asset identification data, ii) asset certification, iii) asset operational information, and iv) asset maintenance information. 41. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein the preprogrammed instructions include a predetermined tag profile and the tracking information server is adapted to communicate with a client user associated with the asset via the tracking information network to configure the predetermined tag profile according to predetermined tracking requirements for the asset. 42. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein the preprogrammed instructions include a predetermined tag profile, wherein the tracking information server is adapted to transmit the preprogrammed instructions to the tracker tag via the data communication network, wherein the tracker tag is adapted to receive the preprogrammed instructions via the data communication network. 43. The apparatus as set forth in claim 42, wherein the predetermined tag profile includes at least one of a group of control information items associated with the asset, the group of control information items including: i) tracking information to be monitored and frequency, ii) vibration thresholds associated with startup and shutdown, iii) vibration thresholds associated with normal movement, iv) restricted areas, v) hazardous areas, vi) planned course, vii) high stress conditions, viii) fuel and fuel consumption information, and ix) reports to be processed and report frequency. 44. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein the movable asset is one of a group including a truck, a van, an automobile, a cargo container, a trailer, a bus, a train, a locomotive, a rail car, an aircraft, and a watercraft. 45. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein the tracker tag is disposed and oriented with line of sight access to the sky during normal movement of the asset. 46. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein the tracker tag is not accessible to operators, crew, and passengers of the asset during normal movement of the asset. 47. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein the tracker tag does not require local operator intervention during normal operation of the apparatus. 48. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, the tracker tag including: a data communication link (48) adapted to selectively transmit the combined position and time data; a data acquisition and processing module (49) adapted to selectively receive the position and time data, wherein the data acquisition and processing module is in communication with the data communication link combines the position and time data to form the combined position and time data, and selectively communicates the combined position and time data to the data communication link; and a power source and conversion module (47) in communication with the data communication link and the data acquisition and processing module to provide and distribute power for operation of tracker tag, wherein the power provided includes power from a power source (50) and a backup battery (52). 49. The apparatus as set forth in claim 48, wherein the power source includes at least one of a group of power sources, the group of power sources including: a piezoelectric power generator, a solar collector panel (86), and a primary battery. 50. A tracking system (170, 176), including: a monitoring device (22) for displaying tracking information associated with a movable asset (16); a tracking information network (20) in communication with the monitoring device for communicating the tracking information to the monitoring device; a data communication network (18); a tracker tag (12) adapted to selectively receive position and time data from multiple global positioning system satellites (240) of a global positioning system satellite constellation (24), the position data representing a position of each global positioning system satellite from which data was received with respect to center of Earth (37) and the time data representing a time of day associated with the position data, the tracker tag disposed along an exterior of the movable asset at a location facilitating reception of the position and time data, the tracker tag combining the position and time data from the multiple global positioning system satellites for selectively transmitting combined position and time data via the data communication network, wherein the tracker tag receives command and control information via the data communication network; and a tracking information server (14) for command and control of the tracker tag, wherein the tracking information server selectively transmits command and control information to the tracker tag via the data communication network, wherein the tracking information server receives combined position and time data from the tracker tag via the data communication network, wherein the tracking information server selectively receives command and control information from the monitoring device via the tracking information network, wherein the tracking information server selectively processes the combined position and time data to produce the tracking information, wherein the tracking information is selectively accessible to the monitoring device via the tracking information network. 51. The tracking system as set forth in claim 50, wherein the tracker tag is electrically isolated from the asset and inoperative from equipment associated with the asset. 52. The apparatus as set forth in claim 50, the tracker tag including: a global positioning system receiver (65) adapted to selectively receive the position and time data; an environmental sensor (66) for sensing vibration; a data buffer (76) for selectively storing the combined position data and time data and detected event data; and a controller (68) in communication with the global positioning system receiver, environmental sensor, and data buffer, wherein the controller compare vibration measurements from the environmental sensor with predetermined thresholds to detect at least one of a group of events, the group of events including: i) startup of a power plant associated with the asset, ii) shutdown of the power plant, iii) start of movement of the asset, iv) cessation of movement of the asset, v) excessive increase in acceleration of the asset, and vi) excessive decrease in acceleration of the asset, wherein the controller selectively stores the combined position and time data and the detected event data in the data buffer. 53. The apparatus as set forth in claim 52, wherein the controller combines the position and time data received by the global positioning system receiver in a trilateration fashion to produce XY and time data when position and time data is received from at least three global positioning satellites, the XY data representing a latitude and a longitude, respectively, and the time data representing a time of day associated with the XY data, the combined position and time data including the XY and time data. 54. The apparatus as set forth in claim 50, wherein the data communication network includes a land line terrestrial telephone network and a wireless terrestrial telephone system, the wireless terrestrial telephone system further including a wireless terrestrial telephone network and a wireless terrestrial telephone/land line terrestrial telephone gateway in communication with the wireless terrestrial telephone network and the land line terrestrial telephone network. 55. The apparatus as set forth in claim 50, wherein the data communication network includes a wireless LAN (178), a wire line LAN (182), and a wireless/wire line LAN hub (180) in communication with the wireless LAN and the wire line LAN (182). 56. The apparatus as set forth in claim 50, wherein the tracking information network includes an Internet (34) and a land line telephone network in communication with the Internet. 57. The apparatus as set forth in claim 50, wherein the tracking information network includes a wire line LAN (180). 58. A method for tracking a movable asset and providing tracking information to a subscriber, including the steps: a) associating the subscriber with a tracker tag and the tracker tag with the moveable asset, wherein the tracker tag is disposed along an exterior of the movable asset at a location in which the tracker tag has line of sight access to the sky during normal movement of the asset, wherein the tracker tag is electrically isolated from the asset and inoperative from equipment associated with the asset; b) granting the subscriber using a monitoring device access to a Web site via a tracking information network, wherein the Web site includes at least one tracking information Web page that displays a map suitable for monitoring movement of the asset; c) receiving position and time data from at least four global positioning system satellites of a global positioning system satellite constellation at the tracker tag, the position data representing a position of each global positioning system satellite from which data was received with respect to center of Earth and the time data representing a time of day associated with the position data; d) communicating the position and time data to a tracking information server via a data communication network; e) processing the position and time data in a trilateration fashion to produce XYZ and time data, the XYZ data representing a latitude, a longitude, and an altitude, respectively, and the time data representing a time of day associated with the XYZ data; f) displaying the XYZ and time data on the at least one Web page and overlaying a symbol on the map at a coordinate associated with the XYZ data; and g) repeating steps c) through f) for a predetermined time at a predetermined interval. 59. The apparatus as set forth in claim 58, wherein the data communication network includes a PSTN, an Iridium satellite constellation, and an Iridium satellite/PSTN gateway in communication with the PSTN and the Iridium satellite constellation, wherein the tracker tag is in communication with the Iridium satellite constellation and the tracking information is displayed to the subscriber at the monitoring device when the asset is substantially anywhere in the world with line of sight access to the sky. 60. The apparatus as set forth in claim 58, wherein the tracking information network includes an Internet, an Iridium satellite constellation, and an Iridium satellite/Internet gateway in communication with the Internet and the Iridium satellite constellation, wherein the monitoring device is in communication with the Iridium satellite constellation and the tracking information is displayed to the subscriber at the monitoring device when the subscriber is substantially anywhere in the world. 