A system of hardware and controls, know as a Hydrogen Hub, that absorbs electric power from any source, including hydropower, wind, solar, and other energy resources, chemically stores the power in hydrogen-dense anhydrous ammonia, then reshapes the stored energy to the power grid with zero emissions by using anhydrous ammonia to fuel diesel-type, spark-ignited internal combustion, combustion turbine, fuel cell or other electric power generators.
Claims 1. An energy conversion module, comprising: an input energy coupling system configured to receive energy in a first state; and a state-change module configured to utilize the input energy to produce potential energy in a second state. 2. The energy conversion module of claim 1 wherein the energy is received off the peak of its demand. 3. The energy conversion module of claim 1 wherein the energy is received from a source of renewable energy. 4. The energy conversion module of claim 3 wherein the source of renewable energy is selected from hydropower, wind power and solar power energy sources. 5. The energy conversion module of claim 1 wherein the energy is received from a utility grid. 6. The energy conversion module of claim 1 wherein the system is off-grid, isolated and self-sufficient. 7. The energy conversion module of claim 1 wherein the state-change module produces ammonia via an electrolysis-air separation Haber-Bosch process. 8. The energy conversion module of claim 1 wherein the state-change module produces ammonia via a solid state ammonia synthesis reaction. 9. A method of converting and transmitting energy, comprising: inputting energy into a conversion module; producing a chemical fuel source from the input energy at a site of production; and producing electric power from the chemical fuel source at a site of utilization. 10. The method of converting and transmitting energy of claim 9 wherein the chemical fuel source is ammonia. 11. The method of converting and transmitting energy of claim 10 wherein the ammonia is produced by a process selected from the group of an electrolysis-air separation Haber-Bosch reaction and a solid state ammonia synthesis reaction. 12. The method of converting and transmitting energy of claim 10 wherein the step of producing includes using an on-demand module system configured to produce electrical power from a fuel substantially comprising ammonia. 13. The method of converting and transmitting energy of claim 12 wherein the step of producing includes using an on-demand module system comprising generators located near the sites where the power is required. 14. The method of converting and transmitting energy of claim 9 further comprising the step of transporting the chemical fuel source from the site of its production to the site of its utilization. 15. An energy conversion system, comprising: a source of input energy; an energy input monitor to track the source of the input energy; a conversion module configured to utilize the input energy to produce a chemical fuel source; and an energy classification system configured to assign a label to the chemical fuel source according to the source of input energy. 16. The energy conversion system according to claim 15 wherein the source of input energy is a renewable energy source. 17. The energy conversion system of claim 16 wherein the source of renewable energy is selected from hydropower, wind power and solar power energy sources. 18. The energy conversion system of claim 15 wherein the chemical fuel source includes ammonia. 19. The energy conversion system of claim 18 wherein the ammonia is produced by the conversion module via an electrolysis-air separation Haber-Bosch process. 20. The energy conversion system of claim 18 wherein the ammonia is produced by the conversion module via a solid state ammonia synthesis reaction. 