The invention relates to systems for stored compressed air without use of combustion. The systems can be installed on the customer side of the meter and creates electricity during peak hours after it has been stored in off peak hours. The invention creates a financial incentive for conserving energy costs by building compressed air storage systems which heretofore have seen little application.
Claims 1) A CAES system connected to a grid that is comprised of power stations generating electricity, transmission and distribution lines, transformers in which kWh extracted from the compressed air storage for use by an end user reduces the electricity that must be purchased by the end user during peak or higher cost hours comprising a compressor, expander, generator and storage container wherein the compressor is operably linked to a customer electric meter such that the electric meter drives the compressor such that the compressor compresses a fluid into said storage container, the expander is operably linked to said storage container such that the release of the compressed fluid there from drives the expander and said expander is operably linked to said generator. 2) A CAES system of claim 1 in which kW extracted from the compressed air storage reduces the demand charge from the load serving entity during peak or higher cost hours. 3) A CAES system of claim 1 where cooling is extracted from the expansion process for use in end users facilities. 4) The system of claim 1 where the cooling is stored. 5) The system of claim 1 where the stored cooling is used to decrease the size of the CAES needed to meet a targeted reduction in demand. 6) A CAES system according to claim 1 where the output voltage is below 1000 volts. 7) A CAES system built on the customer side of the meter, comprising a compressor and expander. 8) The system of claim 7 that uses a single piece of equipment to perform the compression and expansion. 9) The system of claim 7 that uses substantially isothermal compression. 10) The system of claim 7 that uses substantially isothermal expansion. 11) The system of claim 7 that allows fluids to be cooled in expansion for use in air conditioning. 12) The system of claim 7 that allows fluids to be cooled in expansion to be stored for later use in air conditioning. 13) The system of claim 7 that allows fluids to made into cooled solids for storing thermal energy for later cooling. 14) The system of claim 7 that stores the compressed air in buried containers. 15) The system of claim 7 that stores the compressed air in caverns. 16) The system of claim 7 that allows the owner of the compressed air system to sell electricity to the customer or charge the customer for its use or holding. 17) The system of claim 7 with a single tank. 18) The system of claim 7 with multiple tanks and multiple compressors/expanders. 19) The system of claim 7 with insulation on the tank or tanks. 20) The system of claim 19 that allows a savings for the customer from the retail price of power. 21) The system of claim 7 that allows the owner of compressed air system to sell the stored energy as power back to the grid. 22) The system of claim 7 that allows the owner of the compressed air storage system to receive payments from the grid operators, load serving entities, or any other party to the maintenance and operation of the grid and grids connected to the grids. 23) The system of claim 7 that allows the cooled fluid to be stored in an underground holding area. 24) The system of claim 7 that allows the owner of the compressed air energy storage system to pay the host a fee or fees for entering into a contract for selling or holding the power for the host. 25) The system of claim 7 that allows a charge for uninterrupted power or the use of the system for that purpose. 26) The system of claim 7 where available heat sources are used to increase the output of the CAES systems. 27) The system of claim 26 where that source is solar energy. 28) The system of claim 26 where the source if geothermal energy. 29) The system of claim 26 where the source of energy is waste heat from some process on the site. 30) The system of claim 7 where distributed onsite energy is used to compress the air. 31) The system of claim 7 where the CAES system is connected to the energy management system of the end user. 32) The system of claim 7 where the CAES system is connected to a remote monitoring system. 33) The system of claim 7 where a mathematical routine or program is used to manage the CAES system. 34) The system of claim 33 where the routine or program is an optimization program. 35) The system of claim 30 where the onsite energy is a power station. 36) A CAES system of claim 1 wherein the storage container is located on a mobile unit. 37) The system of claim 36 for charging those needing power temporarily for the delivered power. 38) The system of claim 36 wherein the compressor and expander are located on a mobile unit. 39) A CAES system of claim 1 further comprising a combustion source used for generating energy. 40) The system of claim 39 that uses a single piece of equipment to perform the compression and expansion. 41) The system of claim 39 that uses substantially isothermal compression. 42) The system of claim 39 that uses substantially isothermal expansion. 43) The system of claim 39 that allows fluids to be cooled in expansion for use in air conditioning. 44) The system of claim 39 that allows fluids to be cooled in expansion to be stored for later use in air conditioning. 45) The system of claim 39 that allows fluids to made into solids for storing thermal energy for later cooling. 46) The system of claim 39 that stores the compressed air in buried cylinders. 47) The system of claim 39 that stores the compressed air in natural or artificially created caverns. 48) The system of claim 39 that allows the owner of the compressed air system to sell electricity to the customer or charge the customer for its use or holding. 49) The system of claim 39 with a single tank. 50) The system of claim 39 with multiple tanks and multiple compressors/expanders. 51) The system of claim 39 with insulation on the tank or tanks. 52) The system of claim 39 that wherein the CAES system is operably connected to the grid to allow energy resale. 53) The system of claim 39 that allows the cooled fluid to be stored in an underground holding area. 54) The system of claim 39 further comprising a switch that allows uninterrupted power service. 55) The system of claim 39 where available heat sources are used to increase the output of the CAES systems. 56) The system of claim 55 where that source is solar energy. 57) The system of claim 55 where the source if geothermal energy. 58) The system of claim 55 where the source of energy is waste heat from some process on the site. 59) The system of claim 55 where distributed onsite energy is used to compress the air. 60) The system of claim 55 where the CAES system is connected to a energy management system of the end user. 61) The system of claim 39 where the CAES system is connected to a remote monitoring system. 62) The system of claim 39 a where a mathematical routine or program or a logical procedure is used to manage the CAES system. 63) The system of claim 62 where the routine or program is an optimization program. 64) A CAES system directly connected to the end users facilities. 65) The system of claim 64 where the connection is in series from the entering meter to the CAES to the facilities of the end user. 66) The system of claim 65 where the connection includes switchgear that allows power to be routed from the CAES either to the end users facilities or back to the grid. 