A two-way vehicle communication system has been developed that includes at least one vehicle, at least one vehicle data collection point, at least one operations data supply system, and at least one data communication system, wherein the data communication system is operatively coupled to the at least one vehicle, the at least one vehicle data collection point, the at least one operations data supply system or a combination thereof. A method of monitoring a vehicle using a two-way vehicle communication system has been developed that includes: providing at least one vehicle, providing at least one vehicle data collection point, providing at least one operations data supply system, and providing at least one data communication system, wherein the data communication system is operatively coupled to and communicates with the at least one vehicle, the at least one vehicle data collection point, the at least one operations data supply system or a combination thereof.
Claims 1. A two-way vehicle communication system, comprising: at least one vehicle, at least one vehicle data collection point, at least one operations data supply system, and at least one data communication system, wherein the at least one data communication system is operatively coupled to the at least one vehicle, the at least one vehicle data collection point, the at least one operations data supply system or a combination thereof. 2. The two-way vehicle communication system of claim 1, wherein the at least one vehicle comprises a hybrid vehicle, a solar vehicle or an electric vehicle. 3. The two-way vehicle communication system of claim 1, wherein the at least one vehicle data collection point comprises a computer, handheld device, software system, network system, the Internet or a combination thereof. 4. The two-way vehicle communication system of claim 1, wherein the at least one operations data supply system comprises information regarding the fuel system, the computer system, the operations system or a combination thereof. 5. The two-way vehicle communication system of claim 1, wherein the at least one data communication system comprises software, hardware or a combination thereof wherein the at least one vehicle communication system and the at least one vehicle can communication with one another. 6. The two-way vehicle communication system of claim 1, wherein the system comprises a LincVolt Intelligent Dashboard. 7. The two-way vehicle communication system of claim 1, wherein the two-way system comprises a LincVolt Energy Saver. 8. A method of monitoring a vehicle using a two-way vehicle communication system, comprising: providing at least one vehicle, providing at least one vehicle data collection point, providing at least one operations data supply system, and providing at least one data communication system, wherein the data communication system is operatively coupled to and communicates with the at least one vehicle, the at least one vehicle data collection point, the at least one operations data supply system or a combination thereof. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the at least one vehicle comprises a hybrid vehicle, a solar vehicle or an electric vehicle. 10. The method of claim 8, wherein the at least one vehicle data collection point comprises a computer, handheld device, software system, network system, the Internet or a combination thereof. 11. The method of claim 8, wherein the at least one operations data supply system comprises information regarding the fuel system, the computer system, the operations system or a combination thereof. 12. The method of claim 8, wherein the at least one data communication system comprises software, hardware or a combination thereof wherein the at least one vehicle communication system and the at least one vehicle can communication with one another. 