Provided herein are skin-mounted biomedical devices and methods of making and using biomedical devices for sensing and actuation applications. For example, flexible and/or stretchable biomedical devices are provided, including electronic devices useful for establishing conformal contact with the skin of a subject. Devices disclosed herein can comprise a plurality of sensing and/or actuating devices provided as part of a skin-mounted flexible or stretchable electronic circuit.
Claims 1. A device for establishing an interface with a skin of a subject, the device comprising: a flexible or stretchable substrate having an average modulus less than or equal to 1 MPa; a flexible or stretchable electronic circuit supported by the flexible or stretchable substrate, wherein the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit comprises a plurality of sensors, actuators or both sensors and actuators provided in an array including one or more inorganic semiconductor circuit elements or electrodes, or a combination of inorganic semiconductor circuit elements and electrodes; and a barrier layer encapsulating at least a portion of the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit, the flexible or stretchable substrate, or both the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit and the flexible or stretchable substrate; wherein the flexible or stretchable substrate, barrier layer and the electronic circuit provide a net bending stiffness, thickness, effective elastic modulus, and areal mass density of the device such that the device establishes conformal contact with the skin of the subject. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the device is a skin mounted tissue sensor, a skin mounted tissue actuator, or an array of skin mounted tissue sensors or skin mounted tissue actuators. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein the device does not include an adhesive layer between the skin of the subject and the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein the device has a modulus and a thickness within a factor of 2 of a modulus and a thickness of an epidermal layer of the skin of the subject at the interface. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein the device has an average modulus less than or equal to 500 kPa, less than or equal to 100 kPa, less than or equal to 50 kPa, or selected over the range of 0.5 kPa to 100 kPa. 6-8. (canceled) 9. The device of claim 1, wherein the device has an average modulus equal to or less than 50 times the average modulus of the skin of the subject at the interface. 10. The device of claim 1, wherein the device has an average thickness less than or equal to 500 microns, less than or equal to 100 microns, less than or equal to 50 microns, or selected over the range of 1 to 500 microns. 11-13. (canceled) 14. The device of claim 1, wherein the device has a net bending stiffness less than or equal to 1 nN m or selected over the range of 0.1 to 1 nN m. 15. (canceled) 16. The device of claim 1, wherein the device has an areal mass density less than or equal to 10 mg cm.sup.-2 or selected over the range of 0.5 mg cm.sup.-2 to 10 mg cm.sup.-2. 17. (canceled) 18. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible or stretchable substrate is a low modulus polymer. 19. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible or stretchable substrate has an average modulus less than or equal to 500 kPa. 20. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible or stretchable substrate is a low modulus rubber material or a low modulus silicone material. 21. (canceled) 22. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible or stretchable substrate is a bioinert or biocompatible material. 23. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible or stretchable substrate comprises a gas-permeable elastomeric sheet. 24. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit comprises one or more electrodes, transistors, inducers, LEDs, capacitors, oscillators, photodiodes, diodes or any combinations of these. 25. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit comprises one or more amplifiers, strain gauges, temperature sensors, wireless power coils, solar cells, inductive coils, high frequency inductors, high frequency capacitors, high frequency oscillators, high frequency antennae, multiplex circuits, electrocardiography sensors, electromyography sensors, electroencephalography sensors, electrophysiological sensors, thermistors, transistors, diodes, resistors, capacitive sensors, light emitting diodes, or any combinations of these. 26. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit has an average thickness less than or equal to 100 microns, or less than or equal to 10 microns. 27. (canceled) 28. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit comprises one or more single crystalline inorganic semiconductor structures. 29. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit is positioned proximate to a neutral mechanical plane of the device. 30. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit comprises a plurality of stretchable electronic devices or device components. 31. The device of claim 30, wherein the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit comprises one or more electronic devices or device components having a curved, serpentine, bent, wavy or buckled geometry. 32. The device of claim 31, wherein the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit comprises one or more electronic devices or device components comprising structures having a curved geometry, wherein the one or more electronic devices or device components exhibit one or more curves positioned within a plane parallel to a receiving surface of the flexible or stretchable substrate supporting the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit. 33. The device of claim 31, wherein the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit comprises one or more electronic devices or device components having the wavy geometry comprising structures characterized by a plurality of maxima and minima, wherein the maxima and minima are positioned within a plane parallel to a receiving surface of the flexible or stretchable substrate supporting the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit. 34. The device of claim 31, wherein the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit comprises one or more nanoribbons, micromembranes or nanomembranes. 35. The device of claim 34, wherein the nanoribbons, micromembranes or nanomembranes are provided in a wavy geometry characterized by a plurality of maxima and minima. 36. The device of claim 35, wherein adjacent maxima and minima of the wavy geometry are separated by a distance less than or equal to 10 microns. 37. The device of claim 35, wherein the wavy geometry is characterized by a periodic structure. 38. The device of claim 35, wherein the wavy geometry is characterized by an amplitude of less than 10 microns. 39. The device of claim 35, wherein the wavy geometry is characterized by a radius of curvature less than or equal to 1 mm. 40. The device of claim 35, wherein the wavy geometry is a serpentine geometry. 41. The device of claim 40, wherein the serpentine geometry is characterized by a repeating s-shaped feature. 42. The device of claim 34, wherein local displacement of the nanoribbons, micromembranes or nanomembranes within the plane parallel to the receiving surface of the flexible or stretchable substrate supporting the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit reduces an overall state of strain of the device. 43. The device of claim 34, wherein the nanoribbons, micromembranes or nanomembranes comprise metallic structures, single crystalline semiconductor structures, or hybrid structures comprising one or more metallic structures connected to one or more single crystalline semiconductor structures. 44-45. (canceled) 46. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit comprises one or more island and bridge structures. 47. The device of claim 46, wherein the island structures comprise one or more semiconductor circuit elements. 48. The device of claim 46, wherein the bridge structures comprise one or more flexible or stretchable electrical interconnections. 49. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit is assembled on the flexible or stretchable substrate via contact printing. 50. The device of claim 1, further comprising a transfer substrate supporting the flexible or stretchable substrate, the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit, or both the flexible or stretchable substrate and the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit. 51. The device of claim 50, wherein the transfer substrate is in physical contact with the flexible or stretchable substrate. 52. The device of claim 50, wherein the transfer substrate is a removable substrate and wherein the transfer substrate is partially or completely removed upon providing the device in contact with the skin of the subject or a dissolvable substrate and wherein the transfer substrate is partially or completely dissolved after the device is provided in contact with the skin of the subject. 53. (canceled) 54. The device of claim 50, wherein the transfer substrate is a polymer or polyvinyl acetate. 55. (canceled) 56. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible or stretchable substrate, the electronic circuit and the barrier layer provide a net flexural rigidity of the device less than or equal to 1.times.10.sup.-4 N m. 57. The device of claim 1, wherein the barrier layer comprises a material selected from the group consisting of: a polymer, an inorganic polymer, an organic polymer, an elastomer, a biopolymer, a ceramic, and any combination of these. 58. (canceled) 59. The device of claim 1, wherein the barrier layer comprises an elastomer. 60. The device of claim 1, wherein the barrier layer comprises PDMS, polyimide, SU-8, parylene, parylene C, silicon carbide (SiC), or Si.sub.3N.sub.4. 61. The device of claim 1, wherein the barrier layer is a biocompatible material or a bioinert material. 62-77. (canceled) 78. The device of claim 1 that is a hydration sensor, wherein the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit comprises a plurality of electrodes for determining impedance of underlying skin of a subject. 79. The device of claim 78, wherein the plurality of electrodes is selected from the group consisting of: meander electrodes; interdigitated electrodes, circular electrodes and annular electrodes. 80. The device of claim 78, further comprising sensing electrodes in contact with skin and reference electrodes embedded in said flexible or stretchable substrate. 81. The device of claim 78, wherein said hydration sensor maps hydration level over a surface area, maps hydration level as a function of depth from skin surface, or maps hydration level over both a surface area and depth. 82. The device of claim 81, wherein said hydration level map is generated for a depth that is up to about 60 to 100 micrometers from the skin surface. 83. A device for establishing an interface with a skin of a subject, the device comprising: a flexible or stretchable electronic circuit comprising an array of sensors, actuators, or sensors and actuators, wherein elements of the array are interconnected by serpentine interconnects, said flexible or stretchable electronic circuit configured for conformal contact with the skin of a subject; a contact layer between the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit and the skin to provide conformal contact between the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit and the skin; and a cover layer that covers the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit when the device is in conformal contact with skin. 84. The device of claim 83, further comprising a plurality of cover layers. 85. The device of claim 83, wherein the contact layer is a polymer layer formed from a spray bandage applied to the skin and the cover layer is a polymer layer formed from a spray bandage applied to the flexible or stretchable electronic circuit in conformal contact with the skin. 86. The device of claim 85, for long-term monitoring, wherein the sensors measure and transmit information about a physical parameter of the skin over a maximum time period that is at least seven days. 87. A method of interfacing an electronic device with a skin of a subject, the method comprising: applying a liquid bandage on the skin to form a contact layer on the skin; contacting a conformable electronic device with the contact layer on the skin to establish conformal contact between the conformable electronic device and the underlying skin, wherein the conformable electronic device comprises a plurality of sensors interconnected by serpentine interconnects; and applying a liquid bandage over the conformable electronic device in conformal contact with the skin to form a cover layer. 88-89. (canceled) 