A renewable energy monitoring system collects streams of informational reports from remote renewable energy systems. It separates the data streams by client, and client identification, in order to template such data streams onto models of clients' equipment configurations and topologies. The system sorts and groups client data by categories, so workstations can be employed to access statistics, monitor operational flags, initiate/display reports, and control system operations. Particular client/user information is accumulated and assembled on a per account basis to issue client statements, revenue checks, invoices, and controls, wherein, headquarters workstations can be used to access single-client statistics, monitor operational flags, initiate/display reports, and engage payables, receivables, and general ledger accounting operations. Selected information is posted to the Internet on a webpage for respective users, so each user can query how much electricity they are generating/using, and the net amount they are exporting. Various kinds of charts and graphics are rendered in HTML to make the data easy to navigate, absorb and understand.
Claims 1. A renewable energy monitoring system, comprising: a monitor for collecting streams of informational reports from remote renewable energy systems; a webserver for separating said data streams by client, and client identification in order to template such data streams onto models of clients' equipment configurations and topologies; a device for sorting and grouping client data by categories, wherein workstations can be employed to access statistics, monitor operational flags, initiate/display reports, and control system operations; a mechanism for accumulating particular client/user information and assembling such information on a per account basis to issue client statements, revenue checks, invoices, and controls, wherein, headquarters workstations can be used to access single-client statistics, monitor operational flags, initiate/display reports, and engage payables, receivables, and general ledger accounting operations. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a webpage for posting selected information to the Internet on a webpage for a respective user, wherein each user can query how much electricity they are generating/using, and the net amount they are exporting; wherein, various kinds of charts and graphics are rendered in HTML to make the data easy to navigate, absorb and understand. 3. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a database to store information collected, and for storing event logs, wherein such database can be studied to see if any long term trends are at work that could ultimately result in system degradation or a point failure. 4. The system of claim 1, further comprises: a network server based system for monitoring and repairing a solar power installation, which comprises solar panels to convert sunlight to DC electricity, one or more inverters to convert the DC to AC electricity, and a metered utility connection for selling to or offsetting energy charges for AC electricity from an electric utility, and further comprises a monitor with sensors and connections to the inverter provides system operation measurements and data through a wireless or wired connection the Internet; and a centralized server for collecting measurements and data from many solar installation monitors and analyzes the inputs to provide useful information to the users and their systems integrator and third parties, and such information is employed in a plurality of ways to conduct parts of a solar energy business. 5. A business method for monitoring a renewable energy system, comprising: collecting streams of informational reports from remote renewable energy systems; separating said data streams by client, and client identification in order to template such data streams onto models of clients' equipment configurations and topologies; sorting and grouping client data by categories, wherein workstations can be employed to access statistics, monitor operational flags, initiate/display reports, and control system operations; and accumulating particular client/user information and assembling such information on a per account basis to issue client statements, revenue checks, invoices, and controls, wherein, headquarters workstations can be used to access single-client statistics, monitor operational flags, initiate/display reports, and engage payables, receivables, and general ledger accounting operations. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising: posting selected information to the Internet on a webpage for a respective user, wherein each user can query how much electricity they are generating/using, and the net amount they are exporting; wherein, various kinds of charts and graphics are rendered in HTML to make the data easy to navigate, absorb and understand. 7. The method of claim 5, further comprising: providing a database to store information collected, and for storing event logs, wherein such database can be studied to see if any long term trends are at work that could ultimately result in system degradation or a point failure. 8. The method of claim 5, further comprising: providing a network server based system for monitoring and repairing a solar power installation, which comprises solar panels to convert sunlight to DC electricity, one or more inverters to convert the DC to AC electricity, and a metered utility connection for selling to or offsetting energy charges for AC electricity from an electric utility, and further comprises a monitor with sensors and connections to the inverter provides system operation measurements and data through a wireless or wired connection the Internet; and using a centralized server to collect measurements and data from many solar installation monitors and analyzes the inputs to provide useful information to the users and their systems integrator and third parties, and wherein such information is useful in the conduct of a solar energy business. 