The present invention relates to methods and compositions designed for the treatment or management of pre-cancerous conditions, especially in order to prevent, delay, or decrease the likelihood that the pre-cancerous condition will progress to malignant cancer. The methods of the invention comprise the administration of an effective amount of one or more agents that decrease/inhibit PCDGF expression, secretion, and/or activity. The invention also provides pharmaceutical compositions comprising one or more PCDGF agents. In some embodiments, the PCDGF agents can be administered with other therapeutic agents for treatment or management of a pre-cancerous condition that are not PCDGF-based. Diagnostic methods and methods for screening for therapeutically useful PCDGF agents are also provided.
Claims 1. A method of diagnosing, prognosing or monitoring the efficacy of a therapy to prevent or delay the progression of a pre-cancerous condition to cancer in a subject known to or suspected to have a pre-cancerous condition, said method comprising: a) contacting cells of said subject with a PCDGF antibody under conditions appropriate for antibody binding; and b) detecting said PCDGF antibody and binding to said cells, wherein detecting a higher level of binding of said PCDGF antibody than the level of binding of said PDGF antibody in cells of a control subject that does not have a pre-cancerous condition indicates that said subject has a pre-cancerous condition. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein said cells are from whole blood, sputum, urine, serum or fine needle aspirates of pre-cancerous tissue. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein said cells are in frozen or fixed tissue or cells from said subject. 4. A method of detecting or diagnosing a pre-cancerous condition in a subject suspected of having a pre-cancerous condition, wherein said method comprises detecting the presence of PCDGF or PCDGF receptor in the cells of said subject, or a biological sample therefrom, using a PCDGF agent. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein said PCDGF agent is an anti-PCDGF antibody or an anti-PCDGF receptor antibody. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein said anti-PCDGF antibody or anti-PCDGF receptor antibody is human or humanized. 7. The method of claim 5, wherein said method comprises immunohistochemical staining using said anti-PCDGF antibody or anti-PCDGF receptor antibody. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein a detection of a higher level of antibody binding to PCDGF or PCDGF receptor in the cells of said subject, or a biological sample therefrom, relative to the cells in a control subject, or a biological sample therefrom, that does not have a pre-cancerous condition, indicates that said subject has a pre-cancerous condition. 9. The method of claim 4, wherein said cells are from whole blood, sputum, urine, serum or fine needle aspirates of pre-cancerous tissue. 10. The method of claim 4, wherein said cells are in frozen or fixed tissue or cells from said subject. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein said tissue or cells are from the breast, cervix, colon, esophagus, liver, lung, pancreas, prostate, skin, or stomach of said subject. 12. The method of claim 4, wherein said pre-cancerous condition is a condition of the breast, cervix, colon, esophagus, liver, lung, pancreas, prostate, skin, or stomach. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein said pre-cancerous condition of the breast is ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS), fibrocystic disease, fibroadenoma of the breast, lobular carcinoma in situ, or intraductal hyperplasia. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein said pre-cancerous condition of the cervix is cervix dysplasia or squamous intraepithelial lesions (SIL). 15. The method of claim 12, wherein said pre-cancerous condition of the colon is adenomatous polyps. 16. The method of claim 12, wherein said pre-cancerous condition of the esophagus is Barrett's esophageal dysplasia. 17. The method of claim 12, wherein said pre-cancerous condition of the liver is hepatocellular carcinoma or adenomatous hyperplasia. 18. The method of claim 12, wherein said pre-cancerous condition of the lung is atypical adenomatous hyperplasia (AAH) of the lung, lymphoma, or lymphomatoid granulomatosis. 19. The method of claim 12, wherein said pre-cancerous condition of the pancreas is pancreatic ductal lesion, pancreatic hyperplasia, or pancreatic dysplasia. 20. The method of claim 12, wherein said pre-cancerous condition of the prostate is prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia (PIN). 21. The method of claim 12, wherein said pre-cancerous condition of the skin is xeroderma pigmentosum, carcinoma in situ of the skin, squamous cell carcinoma, solar keratosis, compound nevi, dysplastic nevi, actinic cheilitis, leukoplakia, erythroplasia, Bowen's disease, or lymphomatoid papulosis. 22. The method of claim 12, wherein said pre-cancerous condition of the stomach is adenomatous polyps. 23. The method of claim 4, wherein said pre-cancerous condition comprises cells that overexpress PCDGF relative to non-pre-cancerous cells having the tissue type of said pre-cancerous cells. 24. The method of claim 4, wherein said pre-cancerous condition comprises cells that are hyper-responsive to PCDGF relative to non-pre-cancerous cells having the tissue type of said pre-cancerous cells. 