Enhanced systems, processes, and user interfaces are provided for targeted marketing associated with a population of assets, such as but not limited to any of real estate or solar power markets. For example, the enhanced system and process may create an ordered list from a population of data, wherein the list may be optimized by the likelihood of a given event, such as but not limited to any of the selling of a home by owner, the transition of a property from non-distressed to distressed, or the purchase of solar equipment. In some embodiments, enhanced valuation models and price indices are provided for one or more assets that are associated with a population of data. As well, enhanced scoring systems and processes are provided for one or more assets that are associated with a population of data.
Claims 1. A process, comprising the steps of: providing a first population of data associated with a plurality of assets, wherein each of the assets has one or more attributes associated therewith, and wherein a value is input for one or more of the attributes for each of the assets; establishing a unique identifier for each of the assets; aggregating the first population of data; applying at least one quantitative model to a first sample of the aggregated first population of data to back test the first sample of data, wherein each of the applied quantitative models produces an output associated therewith; selecting one or more of the quantitative models, based upon results of the applied back testing; applying one of more of the selected quantitative models to an independent is second sample of the aggregated first population of data to back test the independent second sample of data; choosing one of the selected quantitative models that yields the best results based on the back testing of the second sample; applying the chosen selected quantitative model to at least a portion of the first population of data to produce a predictive output; and providing any of a ranked score or list that is based on the predictive output. 2. The process of claim 1, wherein the ranked score comprises any of a probability or a membership. 3. The process of claim 1, wherein at least one of the quantitative models is drawn from a set of techniques. 4. The process of claim 3, wherein the set of techniques comprises any of a clustering model, regression model, or a support vector machine. 5. The process of claim 1, wherein the first population of data comprises a collection of assets within a designated region. 6. The process of claim 5, wherein the assets comprise real estate properties. 7. The process of claim 6, wherein one or more of the real estate properties has a value. 8. The process of claim 6, wherein the attributes comprise data associated with any of a deed, a mortgage, an assessment, a tax, a listing, demographic information, school information, household information, or economic information. 9. The process of claim 1, further comprising the steps of: removing an outlier at a statistical overlay for at least one value associated with is one or more of the assets; and replacing the removed outlier with an estimated asset attribute. 10. The process of claim 1, wherein the selection step comprises the steps of: outputting at least one ranking for each of the models; and selecting one or more of the quantitative models, based on the output ranking. 11. The process of claim 1, wherein the ranked score is dependent on any of a probability or a membership to a specified cluster. 12. The process of claim 1, wherein the ranked score or list is ranked based on a likelihood of a given event. 13. The process of claim 12, wherein the given event comprises any of a selling of a home, a transition of a property from distressed to non-distressed, or a purchase of solar equipment. 14. The process of claim 1, further comprising the step of: providing a part of the ranked score or list to a sales agent, wherein the provided part corresponds to a territory. 15. The process of claim 1, further comprising the steps of: monitoring one or more assets that correspond to the ranked score or list; and correcting the chosen selected quantitative model on a periodic frequency. 16. A system implemented over a network, wherein the system comprises: at least one memory that is accessible over the network; a user interface; and one or more processors that are connectable to the network, wherein at least one of the processors is linked to the user interface, and wherein at least one of the processors is configured to store a plurality of quantitative models within the memory; receive a population of data associated with a plurality of assets, wherein each of the assets has one or more attributes associated therewith, and wherein a value is input for one or more of the attributes for each of the assets, establish a unique identifier for each of the assets, apply at least two of the stored quantitative models to a training sample of the population of data to produce outputs associated the training sample, receive a selection from a user of one or more of the quantitative models, based upon results of the outputs, apply one of more of the selected quantitative models to a second independent sample of the population of data to produce outputs associated with the second independent sample, calculate which of the selected quantitative models yields the best results based on the outputs associated with the second independent sample, apply the calculated selected quantitative model to at least a portion of the population of data to produce a predictive output, provide any of a ranked score or list that is based on the predictive output, and display the ranked score or list through the user interface. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the ranked score comprises any of a probability or a membership. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein at least one of the quantitative models is drawn from a set of techniques. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the set of techniques comprises any of a clustering model, regression model, or a support vector machine. 20. The system of claim 16, wherein the population of data comprises a collection of is assets within a designated region. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein the assets comprise real estate properties. 22. The system of claim 21, wherein one or more of the real estate properties has a value associated therewith. 23. The system of claim 21, wherein the attributes comprise data associated with any of a deed, a mortgage, an assessment, a tax, a listing, demographic information, school information, household information, or economic information. 24. The system of claim 16, wherein at least one of the processors is configured to remove an outlier at a statistical overlay for at least one value associated with one or more of the assets, and replace the removed outlier with an estimated asset attribute. 25. The system of claim 16, wherein the outputs associated the first historical sample further comprise a ranking. 26. The system of claim 16, wherein the ranked score is dependent on any of a probability or a membership to a specified cluster. 27. The system of claim 16, wherein the ranked score or list is ranked based on a likelihood of a given event. 28. The system of claim 27, wherein the given event comprises any of a selling of a home, a transition of a property from distressed to non-distressed, or a purchase of solar equipment. 29. The system of claim 16, further comprising: a mechanism for providing at least a portion of the ranked score or list to a sales agent, wherein the portion corresponds to a territory. 30. The system of claim 16, wherein at least one of the processors is configured to monitor one or more assets that correspond to the ranked score or list, and correct the chosen selected quantitative model on a periodic frequency, based on the monitored assets. 