Circulation systems for ponds, lakes, or other bodies of water using a flotation platform, dish, and impeller. One embodiment has a connecting arrangement between the drive motor and the impeller that permits the two to be easily and quickly coupled and uncoupled. The connecting arrangement also is designed to accommodate slight misalignments between the shafts. An arrangement to adjust and calibrate the depth of the inlet to the draft tube is disclosed. The system further includes solar panels that can be pivotally swung outwardly to open positions, angularly adjusted about a horizontal axis, and mounted to face toward the central axis of the flotation platform rather than away from it. Arrangements are further provided to monitor and control the components of the system including remotely from shore.
Claims 1-17. (canceled) 18. A method for remotely monitoring operation of a circulation system for a body of water, said method including the steps of: (a) providing system components including a flotation platform, a dish, an impeller, and a drive motor connected to said impeller to rotate said impeller about an axis, (b) monitoring at least one operational characteristic of the components of step (a), and (c) electronically transmitting at least said one monitored operational characteristic to a location remote from the components of step (a). 19. The method of claim 18 further including the step of controlling at least one operational characteristic of at least one of the components of step (a) from a location remote from the components of step (a). 20. The method of claim 19 further including the limitation of remotely controlling said one operational characteristic by an electronic transmission. 21. The method of claim 20 wherein said one operational characteristic is the rotational direction of the impeller about an axis. 22. The method of claim 20 wherein said system further includes at least one solar panel with a substantially planar face adjustably positionable at an angle to a substantially horizontal plane and said one operational characteristic is the angle of said planar face to the horizontal plane. 23. (canceled) 