The current problem in protecting a secure area which can be a border between countries, Federal facility, Army deployment or even a house is that we are relying for the most part on a fence, cameras, electric fence, which takes a longer time to install. It is very expensive and cannot locate the point of entry. Sometime it is too late to react if someone cuts the fence and enters the secure area. My patent is to provide a very fast solution, early detection, identify the location of entry and all wireless systems which will allow implementing this idea in any location even in enemy fields where you wish to protect troops, army facilities and more. The main idea is to spread a large amount of units (will refer to them as balls) over any area which needs to be secured, All balls will be equipped with mesh-network transceivers and sensing devices such as motion detectors for movement change and microphones for sound change. Once the unit gets triggered a signal will be sent from the transceiver to other units in the vicinity. In the end it will reach a main unit which will send all data to the monitoring center.
Claims 1- An Electronic Fence will use Mesh Network Devices. The devices will be categorized as Masters and Slaves. The Slaves will include rechargeable batteries with a miniature solar panel. It will also include a Transceiver and a Sensing Device. The Masters will include the same as the Slave, but in addition will add a GPS Reader and a Transmitter. Once these units are delivered to the Protected Area, the Masters will read their GPS Locations and will search for the Slaves in their vicinity. Afterwards, all Data is being sent to the Monitoring Center where it is studied and a map of all units gets created 2- The rechargeable battery according to claim 1, is to send power to all devices inside the unit. 3- The Solar Panel according to claim 1, is to transfer sunlight and to recharge the battery. 4- The Transceiver according to claim 1 is the Brain of each device and collects signals and repeats them to the nearest transceivers. 5- The GPS Reader according to claim 1, is to allow the Master to know its exact location where it was dropped. 6- The Transmitter according to claim 1, is to transmit all data collected, which can be an Alarm, Supervision, Locations, and Network Strength. It will transmit all information to the nearest Monitoring Center via Satellite, Cellular, or Direct RF Connection. 