An apparatus in accordance with the invention is provided for managing various components of a motorcoach (e.g motorhome, recreational, and commercial vehicle) through a rear-view display monitor. For example, such a system may include a rear-view camera that provides a video signal comprising captured images of subject matter to the rear of a motorcoach. The video signal may be transmitted and displayed on a monitor. A coach management module in accordance with the invention may be integrated with the camera and monitor to display, simultaneously, coach data or information in the form of text and symbols, with the video signal from the rear-view camera, on the monitor.
Claims What is claimed and desired to be secured by United States Letters Patent is: 1. A system for managing subsystems of a vehicle through a rear vision display monitor, the system comprising: a first camera for providing a first video signal comprising captured images of subject matter within the environment of a motorcoach; a monitor for displaying the first video signal; and a coach management module configured to simultaneously display, with the first video signal, management information relating to the motorcoach on the monitor. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein management information is selected from a sensor reflecting the state of at least one of the group consisting of an appliance, outdoor environment, indoor environment, storage tank, generator, solar panel, inverter, and battery. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the first camera is selected from the group consisting of a rear view camera, a front view camera, a side view camera, and an interior camera. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the coach management module further comprises a security module to use the first camera in a security surveillance system. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising a right-side camera for viewing the right side of the motorcoach and a left-side camera for viewing the left side of the motorcoach. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the coach management module is configured to display, on the monitor, video input from the right-side camera upon triggering a right turn signal, and video input from the left-side camera upon triggering a left turn signal. 7. The system of claim 1, further comprising coach sensors to gather the coach management information, and a coach bus carry the management information to the coach management module. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the coach management is further configured to simultaneously display vehicle data, with the first video signal, on the rear vision monitor. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein vehicle data is selected from at least one sensor reflecting a status of at least one of the group consisting of an engine, transmission, power train, tire pressure, battery level, odometer, fuel, and braking system. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein: vehicle data is selected from at least one sensor reflecting a status of a door of the motorcoach; and the coach management module is configured to at least one of lock and unlock the door as selected by a user. 11. The system of claim 8, wherein the coach management module is configured to log at least one of coach data and vehicle data. 12. The system of claim 8, further comprising vehicle sensors to gather the vehicle data, and a vehicle bus to carry the vehicle data to the coach management module. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the coach management module further comprises a presentation module to perform a task selected from the group consisting of overlaying text onto the first video signal, providing a split screen to simultaneously display text and video separately, overlaying a second video image onto the first video image, and enabling text and video to be displayed on multiple monitors. 14. The system of claim 1, further comprising a presentation module to overlay text onto the first video signal, the text having a background, and wherein the background is characterized by a property selected from the group consisting of transparent, opaque, textured, and meshed. 15. The system of claim 1, further comprising a user input device for transmitting user-defined parameters to the coach management module. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein the coach management module further comprises a checklist module to display, on the rear vision monitor, a checklist of tasks for managing the motorcoach. 17. The system of claim 1, wherein the coach management module further comprises a trip data module to calculate data and gather information with respect to a trip traveled by the motorcoach. 18. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a second camera; and a multiplexer operably connected to the first and second cameras, the multiplexer configured to switch between each of the first and second cameras as selected by a user; and an output from the multiplexer to carry a video signal from one of the first and second cameras to the coach management module. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the multiplexer is integrated into the coach management module. 20. The system of claim 18, further comprising a power management module to selectively provide and cut off power to the first and second cameras when designated as active and inactive, respectively. 21. A security system integrated with a rear-vision camera and display monitor, the system comprising: a rear-vision camera for providing a first video signal comprising captured images of subject matter substantially behind a motorcoach; a monitor for displaying the first video signal; and a security module configured to selectively share the monitor, with the rear-vision camera, to display video from at least one security camera. 22. The system of claim 21, wherein the security module further comprises a presentation module to perform a task selected from the group consisting of displaying security camera video, overlaying security system information and video onto the first video signal, providing a split screen to simultaneously display video from a plurality of security cameras, display security system information simultaneously with security camera video, overlay security camera video onto other security camera video, and enabling security system information and video to be displayed on multiple monitors. 23. The system of claim 21, further comprising a multiplexer to switch between at least one of multiple security cameras, and a security camera and the rear-vision camera. 24. The system of claim 23, wherein the multiplexer is integrated into the security module. 25. The system of claim 24, further comprising a power management module to selectively provide and cut off power to the at least one security camera when active and inactive, respectively. 26. The system of claim 21, wherein the rear-vision camera is the at least one security camera. 27. A system for managing subsystems of a vehicle through a rear vision display monitor, the system comprising: a first camera for providing a first video signal comprising captured images of subject matter within the environment of a vehicle; a monitor for displaying the first video signal; and a coach management module configured to display, on the monitor, at least one of tire pressure and tire temperature information corresponding to tires on the vehicle. 