An agricultural/aquacultural system for use with a plurality of growth reservoirs containing a fluid. The system involves a main control unit for receiving feedback and providing control, at least one pump control unit in electronic communication with the main control unit, and at least one gate control unit in electronic communication with the main control unit.
Claims 1. A smart sustainable agricultural/aquacultural system for use with a plurality of growth reservoirs containing a fluid, comprising: a main control unit for receiving feedback and providing control; at least one pump control unit in electronic communication with the main control unit; and at least one gate control unit in electronic communication with the main control unit. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the electronic communication comprises at least one technique selected from a group consisting essentially of wire communication and wireless communication, and wherein at least one of the main control unit, the at least one pump control unit, and the at least one gate control unit is powered by at least one source selected from a group consisting essentially of an external power source, a grid power source, a battery, a rechargeable battery, and a solar power source. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the main control unit comprises a computer having at least one element selected from a group consisting essentially of software for monitoring and controlling the at least one pump control unit and the at least one gate control unit, a wireless node, a camera, an atmospheric temperature sensor, and any other suitable environmental data collection device, and wherein the main control unit is disposable anywhere within signal transmission range of a router of a plurality of routers being associated with each at least one pump control unit and each at least one gate control unit. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the at least one pump control unit comprises a remote pump being wirelessly switchable by the main control unit and being capable of measuring a flow rate of the fluid. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein each at least one gate control unit comprises a remote gate for controlling flow of the fluid between any two growth reservoirs of the plurality of growth reservoirs, and wherein each at least one gate control unit comprises at least one element selected from a group consisting essentially of a solar power device and a measurement device. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the measurement device comprises a probe extending into a growth reservoir of the plurality of growth reservoirs for measuring at least one parameter of the fluid selected from a group consisting essentially of a temperature, a depth, a fluid quality level, a pH level, and a chlorophyll concentration, and wherein the probe is in communication with an associated mesh network module via a technique selected from a group consisting essentially of wire and wireless. 7. The system of claim 3, further comprising at least one element selected from a group consisting essentially of a network and at least one weather station, the network comprising at least one mesh network module associated with the at least one pump control unit and the at least one gate control unit, and the network using a communication technique selected from a group consisting essentially of wire and wireless. 8. The system of claim 1, further comprising a pipe for facilitating fluid communication between a holding pond and at least one growth reservoir of the plurality of growth reservoirs. 9. The system of claim 3, wherein the software comprises a growth algorithm for constantly running and operating the "network", and wherein the growth algorithm comprises at least one feature selected from a group consisting essentially of being crop-specific and organism-specific. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the growth algorithm is crop specific and comprises a plurality of segments, and wherein the plurality of segments comprises preflooding, seeding, applying herbicide, growing, draining, harvesting and decomposing 11. The system of claim 9, wherein the computer comprises an Internet access via at least one element selected from a group consisting essentially of a land line, a wide area network, a WiFi connection, and a mobile cellular service data connection. 12. The system of claim 10, wherein the Internet access facilitates remotely and interactively updating the growth algorithm and transferring data for offline analysis. 13. The system of claim 7, wherein the at least one weather station detects at least one parameter selected from a group consisting essentially of air temperature, humidity, wind speed, and the like, and wherein the at least one weather station is monitored by the at least one mesh network module. 14. The system of claim 7, wherein each at least one mesh network module relays information from each corresponding at least one weather station and any other mesh network module in the mesh network to the main control unit while sending at least one command from the computer through the network. 15. The system of claim 7, wherein each at least one mesh network module relays a plurality of on/off commands to a corresponding at least one pump control unit and to a corresponding gate control unit from the main control unit and transmits data gleaned from a flow meter to the main control unit for analysis and processing. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein the at least one pump control unit comprises at least one element selected from a group consisting essentially of a remote pump, a flow meter, and an electric box, the remote pump for pumping the fluid and being wirelessly switchable by the main control unit, the flow meter measuring a flow rate of the fluid downstream of the remote pump and being in communication with the corresponding mesh network module via a technique selected from a group consisting essentially of wire and wireless, and the electric box being coupled with, and powering, the remote pump. 17. The system of claim 15, wherein the flow meter is disposed within a pipe at a distance in a range of approximately 1 foot to approximately 20 feet from the remote pump. 18. The system of claim 5, wherein the at least one gate control unit further comprises a sliding weir gate and a motor coupled with the remote gate for actuating the sliding weir gate, the remote gate being disposed into a levee of the at least one growth reservoir and being actuated in response to at least one instruction transmitted via a corresponding mesh network module for controlling a level of the fluid in at least one growth reservoir of the plurality of growth reservoirs, wherein the corresponding mesh network module relays a plurality of on/off commands to the motor and transmits data from a probe to the main control unit for analysis and processing, wherein the motor actuates a wheel disposed at a top of the remote gate, whereby the sliding weir gate translates in response thereto, and whereby a level of the fluid in any two growth reservoirs of the plurality of growth reservoirs is adjusted as needed in accordance with instructions transmitted from the corresponding mesh network module, and wherein the motor further actuates the sliding weir gate to compensate for any of the fluid being blown over the remote gate during a windy condition. 19. The system of claim 2, wherein the at least one gate control unit draws power from the battery and the solar power source in an on-demand basis for minimizing overall power consumption. 20. The system of claim 7, wherein the at least one mesh network module is in wireless communication with at least one element selected from a group consisting essentially of the at least one weather station, the main control unit, and any other mesh network module, and wherein the at least one mesh network module comprises at least one element selected from a group consisting essentially of a coordinator module, a mesh network module associated with each at least one pump control unit, a plurality of end bases, and a mesh network module associated with each at least one gate control unit, and a plurality of routers. 21. The system of claim 19, wherein each mesh network module is in communication with another mesh network module, wherein all modules in the mesh network are interconnected, and wherein each router in the plurality of routers are in communication with one another and with an element selected from a group consisting essentially of a corresponding end base and a corresponding coordinator module. 22. The system of claim 19, wherein each router transmits at least one signal through a communication line of the mesh network to the coordinator module, while each end base only sends and receives the at least one signal, wherein each at least one gate control unit performs a distinct task, wherein the coordinator module downloads on/off commands for relaying the at least one signal to the at least one pump control unit and uploads a flow rate from a flow meter, wherein a mesh network module, corresponding to each at least one gate control unit, performs at least one function selected from a group consisting essentially of downloading a plurality of on/off commands for relaying a signal to a motor, uploading and transmitting data, concerning a water level gleaned from a probe, to the main control unit, uploading and transmitting data, concerning a water temperature gleaned from a probe, to the main control unit, uploading and transmitting data, concerning any other water quality measurement, via any mesh network module via the main control unit, and wherein the main control unit performs at least one function selected from a group consisting essentially of uploading data concerning an air temperature from a weather station to the computer, uploading data concerning humidity from the weather station to the computer, uploading data concerning a wind speed from the weather station to the computer, and transmitting data via any other mesh network module via the computer. 23. A method of fabricating an agricultural/aquacultural system for use with a plurality of growth reservoirs containing a fluid, comprising: providing a main control unit for receiving feedback and providing control; providing at least one pump control unit in electronic communication with the main control unit; and providing at least one gate control unit in electronic communication with the main control unit. 24. A method of using an agricultural/aquacultural system for use with a plurality of growth reservoirs containing a fluid, comprising: providing the system, the system providing step comprising: providing a main control unit for receiving feedback and providing control; providing at least one pump control unit in electronic communication with the main control unit; providing at least one gate control unit in electronic communication with the main control unit; powering the system; and running the system. 