An AED being powered by 120/240 VAC electrical power alone, being powered by external DC power alone, or any in combination with or without internal-integral battery power, and further an AED access service business method for sales of access to AEDs. The inventive AED, in addition to the defibrillator circuitry comprises a long, tangle free power access cord to be plugged into an external source of AC or DC power and optionally, additional sets of body surface and alternative electrodes positioned in the esophagus and/or heart. The AED has additional advanced capabilities including the ability to deliver rapid sequential shocks through one or more sets of patient electrodes, and the optional mode of shock delivery whereby the shock is delayed while the AED continues to analyze the patients ECG waveform and delays the defibrillation shock or sequence of shocks until the ECG analysis indicates conditions are optimum for successful defibrillation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An AED that performs all of its intended functions without the use of any battery supplied electrical power. 2. An AED which is powered exclusively by external electrical power. 3. An AED which is powered by external electrical power when connected to said external electrical power, but said AED being powered by internal-integral batteries if said external power is not connected to said AED at time of intended use. 4. An AED which is powered by alternating current. 5. An AED as in claim 4 which is powered exclusively by alternating current. 6. An AED as in claim 5 wherein said alternating current is 120/240 volt alternating current. 7. AED which is powered by alternating current when said alternating current is connected to said AED, but wherein said AED is powered by internal-integral batteries if said alternating current is not connected to said AED at time of use. 8. An AED as in claim 7 wherein the change in said ADE powering from said alternating current power to said internal-integral battery power occurs automatically if the source of alternating power is lost for any reason. 9. AED which is powered by internal-integral batteries if said internal-integral batteries are present and if said internal-integral batteries contain sufficient power for proper operation of said AED and otherwise said AED is powered by an external source of power. 10. An AED as in claim 9 in which said external power is alternating current. 11. An AED as in claim 9 in which said external power is direct current. 12. An AED as in claim 9 in which said external power is at least one of a source of direct current and a source of alternating current. 13. An AED which is powered exclusively by external direct current. 14. An AED which is preferentially powered by external direct current, but wherein said AED is powered by internal-integral batteries if said external direct current is not connected to said AED at time of use. 15. An AED which is preferentially powered by external power, but is powered by internal-integral batteries if said external power is not connected to said AED at time of use. 16. An AED which is powerable by an external source of power wherein said external source of power is connected to said AED using a power cord. 17. An AED as in claim 16 wherein said power cord of at least 3 feet in length. 18. An AED as in claim 16 wherein said power cord further comprises a means for packaging and storing said cord such that when deployed for use said cord will not tangle. 19. An AED optionally powered by alternating current wherein said alternating current electrical power is generated by the physical efforts of a human being without the assistance of other motive power. 20. An AED as in claim 19 wherein said human powered AC electrical power generator is enclosed within the AED except for the actuation means grasped by the human being supplying the sole motive power. 21. An AED which is powerable and functional without the use of any internal-integral battery. 22. An AED as in claim 21 which is powered by external direct current powering means wherein said external direct current powering means is electrically connected to said AED by conductor means, said conductor means providing electrical continuity between said AED and said external direct current powering means. 23. An AED as in claim 22 wherein said independent external direct current powering means is a battery. 24. An AED as in claim 22 wherein said independent external direct current powering means is a battery within a vehicle. 25. An AED as in claim 22 wherein said independent external direct current powering means is a direct current electrical power generator. 26. An AED as in claim 25 wherein said direct current electrical power generator is itself powered by the physical efforts of a human being without the assistance of other motive power. 27. An AED as in claim 26 wherein said human powered direct current electrical power generator is itself enclosed within the AED enclosure means with the exception of the portion grasped by the human being supplying the sole motive power to the direct current generator. 28. An AED that contains an integral-internal battery for powering its operation and which additionally provides connection means and circuitry means for optionally powering said AED from an external power source instead of powering from its internal-integral battery. 29. An AED as in claim 28 where in said internal-integral AED battery is capable of being charged by power from said independent external power source when said AED is conductively connected to said independent external power source. 30. An AED as in claim 28 where in said independent external power comprises battery power from at least one of an external battery pack, a motor vehicle, a truck, a car, a golf cart, an aircraft, a water craft, and the like. 31. An AED as in claim 28 where in said independent external power comprises external 120/240 VAC power. 32. An AED as in claim 28 wherein said independent external power source comprises at both external 120/240 VAC power and external battery power from at least one of an external battery pack, a motor vehicle, a truck, a car, a golf cart, an aircraft, a water craft, and direct current generator. 33. An AED as in claim 22 where in said external power is created by a solar power panel. 34. An AED as in claim 22 where in said external power is power created by a human powered generator. 35. An AED with internal-integral AED batteries which additionally provides means for external power sources connections and circuitry means to permit full AED functioning when connected to and powered by one or more of said external power sources regardless of the state of the internal-integral AED batteries, said external power sources including at least one of batteries removably affixed to the AED externally, separate non-affixed portable batteries external to the AED, motor vehicular batteries, aircraft electrical power, electrical generator power, marine electrical power, and 120/240 VAC power of any origin. 36. An AED with no internal-integral AED batteries which provides means for external power sources connections and circuitry means to permit full AED functioning when powered by one or more of said external power sources, said external power sources comprising at least one of batteries removably affixed to the AED externally, separate non-affixed portable batteries external to the AED, motor vehicular batteries, aircraft electrical power, electrical generator power, marine electrical power, and 120/240 VAC power of any origin. 37. An AED as in claim 36 wherein said 120/240 VAC power is obtained from a DIRECT CURRENT to AC inverter means connected to an external battery means. 38. An AED as in claim 37 wherein said external battery means is located in a motor powered vehicle. 39. An AED as in claim 37 wherein at least one of said direct current to AC inverter means and said external battery means is removably affixed to the enclosure means of said AED. 40. An AED as in claim 39 wherein at least one of said direct current to AC inverter means and said external battery means is permanently attached to the enclosure means of said AED. 41. An AED which is powerable from at least one external power source means wherein AED connection to said external power source means is achieved with a power source connection means, said connection means being sufficiently long to reach from an external power source means to the patient. 42. An AED as in claim 41 wherein said AED power source connection means is greater than 1 foot in length. 43. An AED as in claim 41 wherein said AED power source connection means is less than 300 ft in length. 44. An AED as in claim 43 wherein said power source connection means is a power cord stored on a retractable reel means for rapid deployment and automatic retraction and rewinding after use and in preparation for next use, said automatically retracting reel means preventing tangling of the power cord while in storage and while being extended for use and retracted after said use. 45. An AED as claimed in claim 43, where said power source connection means is contained by a power source connection means container means which prevents power source connection means from tangling when said power source connection means is in storage and when said power source connection means is extracted from said container means and extended for the purpose of connecting said AED to an external power source. 46. An AED as in claim 45 wherein said power source connection means container means is built into and is integral with the AED enclosure means. 47. An AED as in claim 45 wherein said power source connection means container means is separable from the AED enclosure means and which remains electrically connected to said AED. 48. An AED as in claim 45 wherein said power source connection means is coiled in said power source connection means container means. 49. An AED as in claim 45 wherein said power source connection means is folded in said power source connection means container means. 50. An AED designed so as to permit only a single patient episode of use. 51. An AED as in claim 50 wherein said AED is factory refurbishable after said single patient episode of use so as to be usable on an additional patient only after each such refurbishment after use. 52. An AED as in claim 50 wherein said AED is powered exclusively by internal-integral batteries. 53. An AED as in claim 51 wherein said AED is powered exclusively by internal-integral batteries. 54. An AED as in claim 50 wherein said AED is powered exclusively by external electrical powering means. 55. An AED as in claim 51 wherein said AED is powered exclusively by external electrical powering means. 56. An AED as in claim 50 wherein said AED is powered exclusively by external 120/240 VAC powering means. 57. An AED as in claim 51 wherein said AED is powered exclusively by external 120/240 VAC powering means. 58. An AED as in claim 50 wherein said AED is powered by exclusively external direct current powering means. 59. An AED as in claim 51 wherein said AED is powered by exclusively external direct current powering means. 60. An AED as in claim 50 wherein said AED is powered optionally by at least one of an external direct current powering means and an external 120/240 VAC powering means. 61. An AED as in claim 51 wherein said AED is powered optionally by at least one of an external direct current powering means and an external 120/240 VAC powering means. 62. An AED as in claim 50 wherein said AED is powered by internal-integral batteries. 63. An AED as in claim 51 wherein said AED is powered by internal-integral batteries. 64. An AED as in claim 50 wherein said AED is powered by at least one of internal-integral batteries, external 120/240 VAC powering means, and external direct current powering means. 65. An AED as in claim 51 wherein said AED is powered by at least one of internal-integral batteries, external 120/240 VAC powering means, and external direct current powering means. 66. An AED as in claim 50 wherein multiple patient use is prevented by internal circuitry means which allows determination by said AED that said AED has been used previously and hence said AED is inhibited from additional use. 67. An AED as in claim 51 wherein multiple patient use without factory refurbishment is prevented by internal circuitry means which allows determination by said AED that said AED has been used previously and hence said AED is inhibited from additional use without prior refurbishment 68. An AED designed for single use as in 67 wherein multiple use is prevented only if said additional use is attempted after a specified allowable period of multiple use, said allowable multiple use period being timed from the time of first use. 69. An AED optionally powered by internal-integral or external power sources which contains an internal battery exclusively and totally dedicated to powering an internal clock means and an alerting means, said clock means keeping the time since last refurbishment of said AED, and triggering an alerting means to alert the user when said elapsed time is greater than the specified shelf life, said alerting being indication that there is a need for said AED to be refurbished due to shelf life expiration. 70. An AED as in claim 69 where in said shelf life timing and alerting battery is also used to power a testing means for the AED's internal-integral power battery and to trigger said alerting means if said AED internal-integral power battery has failed or is low on power. 71. An AED powered by electrical power source external to said AED, said electrical power source being created by an electrical generation means, said electrical generation means comprising a rotary electrical generator, said generator being rotated by a rotation means, wherein said rotation means comprises mechanical power supplied by a human being. 72. An AED as in claim 71 wherein said rotary electrical generator produces direct current which is used to power said AED. 73. An AED as in claim 71 wherein said rotary electrical generator produces AC current which is used to power said AED. 74. An AED powered by an external power source, said AED comprising circuitry means for internally disconnecting said external power source from the electronic circuitry of said AED if said AED circuitry determines that there is a fault which might result in malfunction of said AED. 75. An AED as in claim 74 wherein means for disconnecting said external power from said AED is at least one of a relay and a semiconductor switch. 76. An AED as in claim 74 wherein said fault is any voltage measured by said AED circuitry which does not fall within expected parameters at any time during AED operation. 77. An AED as in claim 74 wherein said fault is any voltage measured through electrodes attached to the patient by said AED circuitry which does not fall within expected parameters at any time during AED operation. 78. An AED powered by an external AC power source which includes means for electrically isolating the external AC power from the operator and the patient. 79. An AED as in claim 78 wherein said isolation means comprises at least one transformer. 80. An AED as in claim 78 wherein said isolation means comprises at least one transformer for isolating the AC current that is used for creating the high voltage required by the defibrillation shock and at least one transformer which is used to create the low voltage alternating current used to create the low voltage direct current which powers all other functions of the AED. 81. An AED as in claim 78 wherein said isolation means is a single transformer with multiple windings such that at least one transformer winding is used for isolating the AC current that is used for creating the high voltage required by the defibrillation shock and at least one transformer winding which is used to isolate and to create the low voltage used to create the low voltage direct current which powers all other functions of the AED. 82. An AED powered by external AC power which utilizes a step-up transformer means to increase the voltage of the AC power applied to the AED to a level higher than said AC voltage powering the AED, said higher voltage thus created being used by additional circuitry means to create the highest voltage required by the AED. 83. An AED powered by external AC power which utilizes a step-up transformer to directly increase the voltage of the AC power applied to the AED to the level of the highest voltage required by the AED without additional voltage boosting circuitry being required. 84. An AED powered by external AC power which contains circuitry means to convert said external AC power to direct current power internally to the AED which is then utilized to create the highest voltage required by said AED. 85. An AED powered by external AC power which contains a step-up transformer to boost the voltage of said external AC power to a higher voltage, said step-up transformer boosting the voltage of said external AC power to a level substantially less than the maximum voltage level required by said AED. 86. An AED powered by external AC power which contains circuitry means to convert said external AC power to high voltage without the use of a step-up transformer. 87. An AED as in claim 84 wherein the circuitry means for converting said external AC power to high voltage required for defibrillation comprises a charging means for charging a group of capacitors in parallel connection and after said charging of said capacitors, a capacitor switching means for switching said group of capacitors from said parallel connection to a serial connection such that the total voltage across said serial connection is sufficient for defibrillation purposes. 88. An AED powered by external AC power which contains circuitry means to convert said external AC power to high voltage without the use of a transformer in the high voltage creation process. 89. An AED powered by external AC power wherein said AED contains circuitry means to convert the voltage of said external AC power a lower voltage, said lower voltage being subsequently used to power both the high voltage creation circuitry and all of the other electronic functions of the AED without the use of a transformer in the high voltage creation process. 90. An AED as in claim 81 wherein said circuitry means is a step-down transformer. 91. An AED as in claim 89 wherein said lower voltage is converted to a DC voltage, said DC voltage subsequently being used to power both said low voltage circuitry and said high voltage creation circuitry. 92. An AED which optionally utilizes a plurality of electrodes, wherein said plurality of electrodes being greater than two. 93. An AED as in 92 wherein said plurality of electrodes are all body surface electrodes. 94. An AED which utilizes at least two electrodes wherein at least one of said electrodes is not attached to the body surface of the patient. 95. An AED as in claim 94 in which said non body surface electrodes are one or more esophageal electrodes. 96. An AED as in claim 94 in which said non body surface electrodes are one or more are cardiac electrodes. 97. An AED comprising a plurality of electrode connector means for connecting a plurality of electrode means to said AED wherein said plurality of electrode means is any combination of body surface electrodes, cardiac electrodes, and esophageal electrodes and wherein said plurality of electrodes comprises at least two electrodes. 98. An AED which optionally utilizes a plurality of electrode means, said plurality of electrode means comprising a user selected combination of any of number of surface, esophageal, and cardiac electrodes as may be attached on the body surface of the subject or within the body of the subject to be defibrillated by said AED, wherein each electrode means of said combination of electrode means is connected to said AED each using one connector means of a plurality of electrode connector means which are a part of the AED. 99. An AED as in claim 98 wherein said AED electrode connection means for a user selected combination of patient electrodes is a plurality of connector means integral with the AED. 100. An AED as in claim 98 wherein said AED electrode connection means is rendered remote from the AED enclosure itself by one or more conductors such that said AED electrode connection means for the selected combination of patient electrodes is at a distance remote from said AED itself, said connecting wires allowing electrical contact between the assorted electrodes attached to said connection means and the AEDs electronic monitoring and shock delivery circuitry contained within said AED. 101. An AED wherein after said AED establishes the presence of ventricular fibrillation, delays delivery of the defibrillation shock, said defibrillation shock delivery delay being intended to optimize defibrillation shock timing by analyzing the evolving pattern of at least one of the amplitude and the frequency of the ECG of the ventricular fibrillation and delaying shock until such analysis indicates that the heart is most likely to be defibrillated by the shock. 102. An AED as in claim 101 wherein said delay before shock delivery is enforced to be less than 30 seconds. 103. An AED as in claim 101 wherein said shock delivery is delayed until the frequency of the ECG fibrillation waveform measured in cycles per second has decreased to less than a specified number of cycles per second at which time the defibrillation shock is delivered. 104. An AED as in claim 101 wherein said shock delivery is delayed until the peak amplitude of the ECG fibrillation waveform measured in microvolts has increased to more than a specified level of microvolts at which time the defibrillation shock is delivered. 105. An AED as in claim 101 wherein said shock delivery is delayed until the earlier of a) the frequency of the ECG fibrillation waveform measured in cycles per second has decreased to less than a specified number of cycles per second and b) the duration of the interval of measurement of the ECG fibrillation waveform in cycles per second is greater than a specified number of seconds. 106. An AED as in claim 105 wherein said measurement interval is greater than 2 seconds and less than 60 seconds. 107. An AED as in claim 101 wherein said defibrillation delay is terminated as soon as the frequency of the ECG fibrillation waveform has decreased to a local minimum and is beginning to increase again after reaching said local minimum frequency of the ECG fibrillation waveform. 108. An AED as in claim 101 wherein said defibrillation delay is terminated as soon as the amplitude of the ECG fibrillation waveform has increased to a local maximum and is beginning to decrease again after reaching said local maximum amplitude. 109. An AED which is optionally able to deliver multiple shocks to the patient in rapid succession, said shocks being delivered such that a maximum of 5 seconds elapses between each such successive shock to the patient. 110. An AED as in claim 109 wherein the delay between successive shocks is between 1 nanosecond and 5 seconds. 111. An AED as in claim 109 wherein a fixed number of multiple shocks are rapidly delivered to said patient without user interaction and without said AED attempting detection of said patient's heart rhythm until after the last shock of said fixed number of multiple shocks have been delivered to said patient. 112. An AED as in claim 109 which is able to deliver multiple shocks to the patient in rapid succession, wherein said AED, after each shock, analyzes the patient's ECG to determine if another shock is needed to defibrillate said patient, and delivers said additional shock if needed to defibrillate said patient, wherein this cycle comprising shock delivery, post shock patient rhythm analysis, and if additional shock is needed then delivering said additional shock is repeated until defibrillation is accomplished. 113. An AED as in claim 1 12 wherein said repetitive patient analysis and shock delivery cycle repeats until the earlier of a specified maximum number cycles has been performed or defibrillation has been achieved, at which time the repetitive patient analysis and shock delivery cycle is terminated. 114. An AED as in claim 109 wherein said multiple shocks are delivered through the same electrode sets during each of the multiple shocks, hence repeating the same shock configuration and shock direction vector for each of shock of said multiple shock sequence. 115. An AED as in claim 109 wherein said multiple shocks are delivered through different electrode sets, such that each sequential shock in the multiple shock set is delivered through a different electrode set that is not identical to the electrode set used during the preceding shock, and hence the shock direction vector changes for each shock in the multiple shock sequence as compared to the previous shock in the sequence. 116. An AED which is powered by external power means and which does not utilize an ON/OFF switch and thus said AED is in its ON condition whenever external power is applied by connecting said AED to said external power source. 117. An AED as in claim 116 where said external power means is at least one of a source of external alternating current electrical power or an external source of direct current electrical power. 118. An AED as in claim 117 wherein said source of direct current electrical power is a source of 12 volts direct current. 119. An AED as in claim 117 wherein said source of alternating current electrical power is a source of 120/240 VAC. 120. An AED which utilizes an ON/OFF switch, said ON/OFF switch being placed in the ON position by the manufacturer or refurbisher before the AED is shipped to the customer, said switch ON/OFF being in the ON position ensuring that said AED will be active immediately after being connected to external power, and said ON/OFF switch additionally allowing said AED to be subsequently switched to OFF if desired and subsequently to ON again if so desired by the user. 121. An AED comprising additionally an automatic power detection and selection means whereby said AED is powered by at least one of 120/240 VAC, external direct current power, and internal-integral AED battery according to a pre established priority of power selection for powering said AED, said AED being successfully powered if at least one of said potential power sources is present and connected to said AED.. 122. An AED comprising additionally an automatic power detection and selection means such that said AED is powered by 120/240 VAC power if said AED is connected to an external source of said 120/240 VAC power, else said AED is powered by external direct current power if said AED is connected to a source of said external direct current power, else said AED is powered by an internal-integral AED battery if said internal-integral AED battery is present and electrically connected to said AED. 123. An AED as in claim 122 wherein the priority ordering of the potential powering sources for said AED is reversed in order, such that said AED is powered preferentially by the said internal-integral AED battery if present and connected, else powered by external AC if present and connected, else powered by external direct current if present and connected. 124. An AED as in claim 123 wherein the priority ordering of the external powering sources is reversed, wherein if internal-integral AED battery power is not present, then the AED is powered by external direct current power if said power is connected to the AED, else said AED is powered by external alternating current if connected. 125. An AED as in claim 122 wherein the priority ordering of the external potential powering sources for said AED powering is reversed in order, such that external direct current power would be selected for AED powering before selecting AC power if both were present and the internal-integral power would be selected if no external power were connected to said AED. 126. An AED as in claim 125 wherein the priority ordering of the potential powering sources for said AED powering is reversed in order. 127. An AED as in claim 122 except wherein the AED additionally comprises a means for manually selecting the priority ordering of all of the potential powering sources for said AED, such that when said manual means is utilized by the user, the user selections override the optionally built in default power priority selection order. 128. An AED constructed within an AED enclosure means, said enclosure means having a plurality of external surfaces whereby one or more of said external surfaces of said enclosure means are each optionally provided with at least one of a decoration, a labeling, and an indicia means for providing the different degrees of visibility required to accommodate the degree of visibility the owner/user desires when said AED is visibly stored awaiting use. 129. An AED as in claim 128 wherein selected surfaces of said AED enclosure means are fitted with means to allow removability and interchangeability of the decoration, labeling, and indicia means including user created decoration, labeling, and indicia means wherein such decoration, labeling, and indicia means includes at least one of text, drawings, images, paintings, icons, photographs and the like. 130. An AED constructed within an AED enclosure means whereby said AED enclosure means being fitted at time of manufacture or refurbishment with frangible external indicia, said frangible external indicia indicating at least one of the date of manufacture, the date of shelf life expiration and hence requirement for refurbishment, and an indication of AED integrity if said frangible external indicia is not breached by prior use or tampering. 131. An AED as in claim 130 wherein said frangible indicia is automatically breached upon opening said AED enclosure means. 132. An AED including an AED enclosure means said enclosure means having multiple outer surfaces wherein all but at least one such outer surface is continuous with its adjacent surfaces and joined to them in such a way as to be non-removable and air tight, and whereby at least one such outer surface is a separable outer surface, being totally separable or hinged at one edge, such that when said separable surface is either totally separated or opened using the hinge, user access is provided to the AED controls and indicators which may optionally be present within, the improvement being the sealing said removable external surface to its adjacent external surfaces at time of manufacture or refurbishment with a sealing means such that when said surface is sealed to its adjacent surfaces there is formed effectively a closed and sealed AED enclosure that functions as a protective barrier by which water, moisture, and other environmental contaminants are prohibited entry, thus protecting said sealed AED and assuring proper function when needed without fear of environmental contamination or unknown tampering. 133. An AED as in claim 132 wherein said sealed AED additionally provides a means for equalizing the air pressure within the sealed AED with the atmospheric pressure outside said sealed AED. 134. An AED as in claim 132 wherein said sealing means is a gasket of suitable material between the separable and non-separable edges of the surfaces of said AED enclosure. 135. An AED as in claim 132 wherein said sealing means is a strip of tape which bridges the small gap between the separable and non-separable edges of the AED enclosure, said strip of tape being removed prior to AED use. 136. An AED as in claim 132 wherein said sealing means additionally provides a visible indication means to alert the user of any breach of sealing integrity as would occur anytime said enclosure seal was removed whether for use or any other reason. 138. An AED as in claim 136 wherein said visible indication means for indicating breach of said sealing means would additionally contain indicia indicative of at east one of the date of original sealing at time of manufacture or refurbishment and the date of shelf life expiration. 139. An AED enclosed within an outer protective covering means such that water, moisture, and other environmental contaminants are prohibited entry to any AED enclosed within said protective cover means during storage of said AED. 140. An AED as in claim 139 wherein said AED protective covering means is sealed preventing nondisruptive opening of said AED covering means, said seal created using a suitable sealing means such as tape, glue, putty, plastic and the like. 141. An AED as in claim 140 wherein said AED protective covering sealing means is at least one of a heat seal, an adhesive seal, a hook and loop seal, an adhesive seal, a putty seal, a plastic seal, a metal band seal, and a tape seal. 142. An AED as in claim 140 wherein said AED protective covering means additionally provides means for equalizing the air pressure within the sealed AED protective covering means with the atmospheric pressure outside said sealed AED protective covering means. 143. An AED as in claim 140 wherein said sealed AED protective covering means is additionally fitted with a quick opening means such that the user is not appreciably delayed in accessing the AED when needed despite the presence of said sealed covering means protecting said AED from tampering and contamination. 144. An AED as in claim 140 wherein said AED protective covering means totally encloses an AED and with the date of sealing of said AED enclosure means being displayed to an observer by at least one of date printing and date encoding indicating means, said sealed AED covering means and said date indicating means requiring disruption before use of said AED enclosed within said sealed protective AED covering means, wherein disruption of said sealing means provides an indication of at least one of prior use and tampering. 145. An AED protective covering means as in claim 140 wherein said date indicating means indicates the date of expiration of the AED signifying the date beyond which said enclosed AED is no longer guaranteed suitable for use and as such requires refurbishment before use. 146. An AED protective covering means as in claim 139 wherein said covering means additionally comprises a means for rapid removal of said outer covering means. 147. An AED protective covering means as in claim 146 wherein said covering means comprises additionally decoration on its various surfaces with various externally visible indicia of varying obviousness to a casual observer when said AED is visibly stored. 148. An AED protective covering means as in claim 147 wherein said covering means comprises additionally means for optionally removably attaching and retaining on its various external surfaces various externally visible indicia of varying obviousness to a casual observer. 149. An AED constructed within an AED enclosure means said enclosure means having a dated AED sealing means such that moisture and contamination is prohibited entry and such that any of prior use, tampering, and expiration of shelf life is obvious to an observer. 150. An AED as in claim 149 wherein said AED sealing means is an outer covering means which both encloses and protects said AED from water and other contaminants. 151. A substitute AED powering means whereby said substitute AED powering means permits an AED which is designed to utilize internal-integral batteries to be powered by external power sources, said substitute AED powering means comprising a substitute power supply module sized and shaped in at least two of its three dimensions to be the same as the internal-integral battery of an AED and further comprising power connecting electrodes geometrically placed identical to those of the AED's internal-integral batteries, said substitute power supply module optionally replacing said internal-integral battery of any AED utilizing such internal-integral batteries and thus permitting use of external power sources to power AEDs originally designed to use internal-integral batteries. 152. A substitute AED power means as in claim 151, said AED power means further comprising circuitry means for converting said external electrical power to the same nominal voltage and current requirements as originally supplied by the internal-integral battery which said substitute AED power means replaces. 153. A substitute AED power means as in claim 152, said AED power means further comprising a built in battery means for supplying AED power when said substitute AED power means is not connected to a source of said external electrical power. 154. A substitute AED power means as in claim 153, said AED substitute power means further comprising a user accessible and user settable means for establishing priority of power usage when more than one source of power is available to said substitute AED power means. 155. A substitute AED power means as in claim 153, said AED substitute power means further comprising automatic power selection means such that the power source actually used to power the AED is automatically selected according to a pre determined priority. 156. A substitute AED power means as in claim 152, said AED substitute power means further comprising a single power cord for connecting to at least one of external direct current power and external alternating current. 157. A substitute AED power means as in claim 152, said AED substitute power means further comprising two power cords, one for accessing external direct current power and one for external alternating current. 158. A substitute AED power means as in claim 152, said AED substitute power means further comprising one or more external power connectors whereby each said external power connector is designed specifically for a given type of external power and permits said external power source to be removably connected to said substitute AED power means using the appropriate power cords for each potential source of external power, said external power being one or more of direct current power and external alternating current. 159. An AED business method in which AEDs are supplied to customers for a single patient episode of use, said single use AED being sold, leased or rented to said customer. 160. A method of doing AED business as in claim 159, but which further includes a service whereby said single patient episode of use AED may be returned to the factory for refurbishment after a single patient episode of use or expiration of the shelf life of said AED, said refurbishment thus permitting an additional subsequent single patient episode of use, said refurbishment process following said use or said shelf life expiration being repeatable one or more times. 161. A method of doing business as in claim 160, where in said refurbished AED which is returned to the user is an equivalent AED in form and function, but said returned AED is not the identical AED as was sent by the user to the refurbishment center after said single patient episode of use or said shelf life expiration. 162. A method of doing business as in claim 161 where the replacement AED is sent to the customer before the customer returns their AED for refurbishment. 163. A method of doing AED business in which a specified period of AED access is sold to a customer by an AED access and refurbishment provider business entity. 164. A method of doing business as in claim 163 wherein after the specified AED access period has elapsed the customer discards the AED. 165. A method of doing business as in claim 163 wherein after said specified AED access period has elapsed the customer is required to return the AED or said customer is liable for additional charges. 166. A method of doing business as in claim 163 wherein said AED access period is equal to the AED shelf life. 167. A method of doing business as in claim 163 wherein said AED access period is not equal to the AED shelf life. 168. A method of doing business wherein conventional AEDs which are originally designed to be user refurbishable in the field are after use sent to said AED access service and refurbishment center business entity for refurbishment of said conventional AED, said refurbished conventional AED being then returned to the owner thus refurbished and ready for use. 169. A method of doing business as in claim 168 wherein said conventional AED returned to the user is an equivalent conventional AED replacement in both form and function, but not the identical conventional AED as was sent by the user to said refurbishment center. 170. A method of doing business as in claim 169 where said conventional AED replacement is sent to the customer before the owner sends in their conventional AED for refurbishment. 