A system and method for converting heat energy released by compostable matter into electricity through the use of a compost updraft tower. A compost updraft tower comprises a collector region that contains compostable matter, one or more towers that rise up through the collector region, and one or more turbines. The air within the collector region is heated by the energy released during the composting process, and the heated air flows through the collector region toward the open first end of one or more of the towers. The heated air then rises up through one or more of the towers to the open second end of the tower. The heated air flowing through the system drives turbines that generate electricity. In one embodiment the roof of the collector region is transparent to allow solar radiation to penetrate the collector region and heat air within.
Claims 1. A system that utilizes solar radiation for generating electricity comprising: a collector region comprising: a transparent roof permeable to the solar radiation, the solar radiation heating air within the collector region; a composting area configured to receive and compost compostable matter, the composting of the compostable matter further heating air within the collector region; wherein the collector region is operative to allow an airflow generated from the heated air to move through the collector region; a hollow tower rising up from the collector region, the tower having a first open end and a second open end, wherein the airflow moving through the collector region flows from the perimeter of the collector region to the first open end of the tower, and then rises through the tower to the second open end of the tower; and one or more turbines positioned in the path of the moving airflow to generate electricity. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the collector region comprises a composting area, the composting area configured to receive the compostable matter, the composting area comprising sensors that monitor the composting of the compostable matter. 3. The system of claim 1 further comprising a heated pipe assembly. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the collector region comprises a conveyer belt system that transports the compostable matter. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the collector region comprises a composting area, the composting area configured to receive compostable matter, and wherein the composting area comprises a plurality of water sprinklers, a perimeter barrier, and a compost covering. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the collector region comprises air constrictors that focus the airflow at the one or more turbines. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the hollow tower comprises a plurality of hollow towers each rising up from the collector region, each of the plurality of towers having a first open end and a second open end. 8. The system of claim 6 wherein the air constrictors form a port for each of the one or more turbines. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the one or more turbines comprise a plurality of turbines that surround the first open end of the tower. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein the one or more turbines are located within the interior body of the tower. 11. A method for generating electricity comprising: composting compostable matter within a collector region to release heat energy from the compostable matter and generate an airflow within the collector region; creating an air pressure differential between air within the collector region and ambient air located outside the collector region with a hollow tower rising up from the collector region, the tower having a first open end and a second open end, wherein the airflow moving through the collector region flows from the perimeter of the collector region to the first open end of the tower, and then rises through the tower to the second open end of the tower; and generating electricity through one or more turbines positioned in the path of the moving airflow. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein the collector region has a transparent roof permeable to solar radiation. 13. The method of claim 11 further comprising heating the compostable matter within the collector region with a heated pipe assembly. 14. The method of claim 11 wherein the collector region comprises a conveyer belt system that transports the compostable matter. 15. An apparatus comprising: means for composting compostable matter within a collector region to release heat energy from the compostable matter and generate an airflow within the collector region; means for creating an air pressure differential between air within the collector region and ambient air located outside the collector region with a hollow tower rising up from the collector region, the tower having a first open end and a second open end, wherein the airflow moving through the collector region flows from the perimeter of the collector region to the first open end of the tower, and then rises through the tower to the second open end of the tower; and means for generating electricity from the airflow. 16. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein the collector region has a transparent roof permeable to solar radiation. 17. The apparatus of claim 15 further comprising a means for heating the compostable matter within the collector region. 18. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein the means for heating the compostable matter within the collector region comprises a heated pipe assembly. 19. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein the collector region comprises a means for automatically transporting the compostable matter within the collector region. 20. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein the means for automatically transporting the compostable matter within the collector region comprises a conveyer belt system. 