The invention is a portable, fully independent, pump-based remediation device and methods for the collection of non-aqueous phase liquids and other fluid contaminants in environmental settings. The device is comprised of a compact, weather-resistant housing equipped with: electric pump; independent power supply; programmable timer and/or sensor; and control and monitoring systems. The device is used in combination with a variety of suitable fluid storage containers. A method for removing fluid contaminants from environmental installations such as groundwater monitoring wells, piezometers, product recovery wells and trenches by transporting said device to the treatment location, installing the fluid storage container, installing the device pump tube systems, connecting safety systems, and programming the timer and/or sensor. Primary advantages over other existing systems include the device's compact, portable size, integrated components, independent power supply, and flexibility in application and installation.
Claims 1. A portable remediation device for use in removing fluid contaminants from subsurface installations, said device comprising: housing, which contains and protects the stated device components; electric-powered pump; programmable controller; independent power supply; fluid storage container for collection and temporary storage of fluid contaminants; dedicated inlet and outlet pump tube systems for connection to said remediation device for transfer of said fluid contaminant from the environment to said fluid storage container; system shut-off device to cease operation of said system when said fluid storage container has been filled to capacity. 2. The remediation device of claim 1, wherein said housing contains said components other than said fluid storage container, in a compact, portable configuration; 3. The remediation device of claim 2, wherein said housing is robust, weather-resistant, and pest resistant; 4. The remediation device of claim 3, wherein said housing may be equipped with lockable or non-lockable attachment systems to secure said device in-place; 5. The remediation device of claim 4, wherein said housing may include provision for double-containment of all fluid transfer systems that may become pressurized during said pump cycle operation. or that otherwise have the potential to leak; 6. The remediation device of claim 5, wherein said housing configuration enables access to said components specified in claim 1 via access panels, doors or other effective means; 7. The remediation device of claim 6, wherein said housing may incorporate means to affix locks or other effective means to restrict unauthorized access to said system components; 8. The remediation device of claim 7, wherein said housing may incorporate one or more external handles, straps, or other effective means to facilitate movement, transport and installation of said remediation device; 9. The remediation device of claim 1, wherein said pump may consist of a direct-current powered peristaltic pump equipped with chemical-resistant pump head tubing, or other suitable self-priming, positive displacement pump with suitable suction-lift, pumping rate, and energy-consumption specifications; 10. The remediation device of claim 1, where said programmable controller consists of an electronic timer or other suitable device capable of being programmed to establish said pump operation cycle and/or system time delay cycles; 11. The remediation device of claim 10, which may include a sensing unit capable of detecting the presence, level and/or quantity of target fluid contaminant to actuate said pumping cycle; 12. The remediation device of claim 1, where said power supply consists of a battery or other portable power supply, of suitable voltage and amp-hours to operate said remediation device at the required pumping cycle duration, for the required period of operation; 13. The remediation device of claim 12, which may include a photovoltaic cell of sufficient wattage to maintain the necessary voltage and amperage in said power supply throughout said period of operation, if required; 14. The remediation device of claim 1, whereby said fluid storage container for collection and temporary storage of recovered fluid contaminants may be integrated into the device configuration, or provided as a separate component at the time of installation of said remediation device; 15. The remediation device of claim 1, which may include a cycle timer or other tallying device that records the totaled level of said pump activity; 16. The remediation device of claim 1, which may include one or more safety shut-off devices to preclude system operation in adverse conditions; 17. The remediation device of claim 1, which may include the addition of a data telemetry system for transmission of said remediation device system status and/or fluid recovery status. 18. A method of removing fluid contaminants from subsurface installations, comprising: installing said remediation device at the desired treatment location for recovery of said fluid contaminant; installing said fluid storage container adjacent to said remediation device (if not an integral device component) and attaching integrated pump tube systems and safety shut-off system(s); positioning the pump suction tube assembly at the level determined to optimize target fluid contaminant recovery; setting timer and/or fluid level sensor systems to optimize recovery of fluid contaminant; monitoring operation of said remediation device during the active recovery period; and transferring and removing the collected target fluid contaminant for final disposition when said fluid storage container becomes filled. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein said remediation device is installed as a raised installation by affixing said device to a protective stick-up casing of a monitoring well, piezometer, product recovery well or other similar fixed structure; 20. The method of claim 18, wherein said remediation device is mounted and secured directly to the top of said fluid storage container; 21. The method of claim 18, wherein said remediation device is placed on the ground surface or other suitable stable surface, in proximity to the subsurface installation. 