A vehicle for gathering solar energy into a roadway system electricity grid. In one embodiment of the invention, the vehicle comprises an energy storage system; and at least one solar energy generating device coupled to the vehicle. The at least one solar energy generating device is configured to generate electricity from sunlight. The at least one solar energy generating device is configured to electrically connect to a roadway system electricity grid. In another embodiment of the present invention is a method for a vehicle gathering solar energy and providing the same to the roadway system electricity grid. The method comprises the step of harnessing solar energy from a vehicle-based solar energy gathering device; converting solar energy into electrical energy; storing the electrical energy; and discharging the stored electrical energy to a roadway system electricity grid.
Claims 1. A vehicle for gathering solar energy into a roadway system electricity grid, comprising: an energy storage system; and at least one solar energy generating device coupled to a vehicle, the at least one solar energy generating device is configured to generate electricity from sunlight, the energy storage system storing electricity generated by the at least one solar energy generating device and being configured to electrically connect to a roadway system electricity grid. 2. The vehicle of claim 1, wherein the energy storage system includes: at least one battery; a display unit configured to display a level of stored electrical energy; and a storage box configured to store the at least one battery. 3. The vehicle in claim 2, wherein the at least one battery is rechargeable. 4. The vehicle in claim 1, wherein the energy storage system is removable from the vehicle. 5. The vehicle in claim 1, wherein the energy storage system is configured to discharge stored electrical energy within the energy storage system to the roadway system electricity grid. 6. The vehicle in claim 1, wherein the energy storage system is configured to be rechargeable with electrical energy from the roadway system electricity grid. 7. The vehicle in claim 1, wherein the roadway system electricity grid includes other energy storage systems, inverters for converting solar energy into electricity, single power source changing units, electricity meters and backup power systems. 8. The vehicle of claim 1, wherein the at least one solar energy generating device includes at least one solar installation sheet of one or more solar cells. 9. The vehicle of claim 1, wherein the at least one solar energy generating device is coupled to the vehicle using snap on clips, adhesive magnetic bonding, a locking screw mounting system, or combinations thereof. 10. The vehicle of claim 1, wherein the at least one solar energy generating device is any of silicon wafer solar cell, thin-film solar cell, photo-electrochemical cell, nano-crystal solar cell, and polymer solar cell. 11. The vehicle of claim 1 further comprising: a monitoring unit configured to display the stored electrical energy level of the energy storage system; a controller coupled to an electric motor, the controller configured to control power output to the electric motor; a power electronics system coupled to the controller, the power electronics configured to modify the electrical energy to power the electric motor; a rectifier configured to generate sufficient electricity to propel the vehicle; a heat engine configured to provide energy to propel the vehicle; and a fuel storage system configured to store fuel. 12. The vehicle of claim 11, wherein the monitoring unit is configured to display the amount of energy in the energy storage system. 13. The vehicle of claim 12, wherein the monitoring unit is configured to measure (a) amount of stored electrical energy discharged from the energy storage system and (b) amount of electrical energy from the roadway system electricity grid used to recharge the energy storage system. 14. The vehicle of claim 11, wherein the fuel storage system contains any of gasoline, methanol, electricity, and hydrogen. 15. A roadway system for energy collection and distribution, comprising: (a) at least one vehicle comprising: a vehicle-based energy storage system; and a plurality of vehicle-based solar energy harnessing devices, the plurality of vehicle-based solar energy harnessing devices are electrically connected to the vehicle-based energy storage system to thereby allow deposition of energy; (b) a roadway system electricity grid; and (c) a service station configured to collect energy from the vehicle-based energy storage system, the service station electrically connected to the roadway system electricity grid. 16. The roadway system for energy collection and distribution of claim 15, wherein the service station is positioned on part or near to a road. 17. The roadway system for energy collection and distribution of claim 15, wherein the plurality of vehicle-based solar energy harnessing devices are removable from the at least one vehicle. 18. The roadway system for energy collection and distribution of claim 15, wherein the vehicle-based energy storage system is at least one removable battery. 19. The roadway system for energy collection and distribution of claim 15, wherein the plurality of vehicle-based solar energy harnessing devices include a solar installation sheet of one or more solar cells. 20. The roadway system for energy collection and distribution of claim 19, wherein the one or more solar cells are any of a silicon wafer solar cell, a thin-film cell, a photo-electrochemical cell, a nano-crystal solar cell and a polymer solar cell and any combinations thereof. 21. A method for a vehicle for gathering solar energy and providing the same to the roadway system electricity grid, comprising: harnessing solar energy from a vehicle-based solar energy gathering device; converting harnessed solar energy into electrical energy; storing the electrical energy; and discharging the stored electrical energy to a roadway system electricity grid. 22. The method in claim 21 further including: recharging an energy storage system by the roadway system electricity grid; and displaying the stored electrical energy level of the energy storage system. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the vehicle-based solar energy gathering device is any of silicon wafer solar cell, thin-film solar cell, photo-electrochemical cell, nano-crystal solar cell, and polymer solar cell. 24. The method of claim 21, wherein discharging the stored electrical energy includes measuring amount of the discharged electrical energy. 25. A vehicle for gathering solar energy into a roadway system electricity grid, comprising: means for harnessing solar energy from a vehicle-based solar energy gathering device; means for converting the harnessed solar energy to electrical energy; means for storing the electrical energy; and means for discharging the stored electrical energy to a roadway system electricity grid. 26. The vehicle of claim 25 further including: means for recharging an energy storage system by the roadway system electricity grid; means for measuring the discharged stored electrical energy and the recharged electrical energy; means for installing at least one solar energy generating device; and means for displaying the level of stored electrical energy. 27. The vehicle of claim 26, wherein the at least one solar energy generating device is any of silicon wafer solar cell, thin-film solar cell, photo-electrochemical cell, nano-crystal solar cell, and polymer solar cell. 28. The vehicle of claim 26, wherein the means for installing the at least one solar energy generating device to the vehicle-based solar energy gathering device is by using snap on clips, adhesive magnetic bonding, locking screw mounting system, or combinations thereof. 