Methods and apparatus for managing at least one renewable energy source for supply of power via an electric grid are disclosed. A method supplies power to mobile devices from the renewable energy source and balances power realized by the mobile devices with the supply of power from the renewable energy source by controlling the supply of power realized by the mobile devices. An apparatus includes a processor for monitoring power from the renewable energy source and sending signals to mobile devices connected to the electric grid to balance monitored power from the renewable energy source with power realized by the mobile devices. Another method identifies a fixed account associated with a grid connection point used by a plug-in electric vehicle for realizing power during a connection event; determines a quantity of energy realized during the event; and adjusts the account based on energy realized by the vehicle during the event.
Claims 1. A method of managing at least one renewable energy source for supply of power via an electric grid, comprising: supplying power to mobile devices from the renewable energy source, via the electric grid; and balancing power realized by the mobile devices with the supply of power from the renewable energy source by controlling the supply of power realized by the mobile devices. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising offsetting power output changes from the renewable energy sources by controlling the power realized by the mobile devices such that each of the mobile devices is controlled by: reducing power consumption from the electric grid; increasing the power consumption from the electric grid; reducing power supplied to the electric grid; or increasing the power supplied to the electric grid. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising: measuring the power output from the renewable energy source; and for each respective mobile device used for balancing of the power: determining, by a processor, an operating condition for the respective mobile device in accordance with the measured power, sending, by the processor, the determined operating condition to the respective mobile device, and adjusting a current operating condition of the respective mobile device to the determined operating condition. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein: the measuring of the power supplied from the renewable energy source includes continuously measuring the power supplied from the renewable energy source; and the determining, the sending and the adjusting are repeated based on the measured power from the renewable energy source such that aggregate power realized by the mobile devices substantially follows generation from the renewable energy source. 5. The method of claim 3, wherein the determining of the operating condition for each respective mobile device includes selecting, by the processor, a current operating condition of the respective mobile device such that at least operating constraints of the electric grid and the respective mobile device are not exceeded. 6. The method of claim 3, wherein the balancing of the power realized by the mobile devices with the supply of power from the renewable energy source includes: modeling, by the processor, the supply of power realizable by the respective mobile device based on operating constraints of the electric grid and the operating constraints of the respective mobile device, as a model result; aggregating, by the processor, the model result for each respective mobile device, as an aggregated model result; and comparing, by the processor, the aggregated model result to the measured output to determine an adjustment of the power realized by each respective mobile device. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the determining of the operating condition for the respective mobile device includes selecting, by the processor, a current operating condition of the respective mobile device based on operating constraints of the electric grid and each of the mobile devices and the comparison of the aggregated model result with the measured output of the renewable energy source. 8. The method of claim 2, further comprising: modeling, by the control processor, the supply of power realizable by each respective mobile device based on operating constraints of the electric grid and of the respective mobile device. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein in response to the power output changes from the renewable energy source decreasing: selecting one or ones of the mobile devices that do not have the operating constraints to prevent a reduction of the power consumption by the respective mobile device from the electric grid; or an increase of the power supplied by the respective mobile device to the electric grid; and controlling, by the processor, an adjustment of the power realized by the selected one or ones of the mobile devices to offset the decreasing power output from the renewable energy source. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising: determining, for each respective mobile device that is selected, the adjustment of the power realized based on the operating constraints of the respective, selected mobile device and the operating constraints of the electric grid. 11. The method of claim 8, wherein in response to the power output changes from the renewable energy source increasing: selecting one or ones of the mobile devices that do not have the operating constraints to prevent an increase of the power consumption by the respective mobile device from the electric grid; or a reduction of the power supplied by the mobile device to the electric grid; controlling, by the processor, an adjustment of the power realized by the selected one or ones of the mobile devices to offset the increasing power output from the renewable energy source; and determining, for each respective mobile device that is selected, the adjustment of the power realized based on the operating constraints of the respective, selected mobile device and the operating constraints of the electric grid. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the renewable energy source includes one or more of: a wind generator; a hydroelectric generator; a geothermal generator; a wave generator; a current generator; a photovoltaic generator; or a solar thermal generator. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein: the electric grid includes one or more energy storage units; and the balancing of the power realized by the mobile devices with the supply of power from the renewable energy source is based on the power output by the renewable source including power consumed or supplied by the one or more energy storage units. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the power realized by the mobile devices includes one or more of: the power consumed by the mobile devices; or the power supplied by the mobile devices. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the mobile devices include one or more of: a plug-in electric vehicle; a mobile computing device; a personal digital assistant; portable consumer equipment; a portable power tool; or a game system. 16. A control processor for managing a power supplied via an electric grid, comprising: a processor configured to: monitor power from the renewable energy source; and send signals to mobile devices electrically connected to the electric grid to balance the monitored power from the renewable energy source with the power realized by the mobile devices, wherein the control processor controls offsets to output changes from the renewable energy source by signaling to the mobile devices to adjust the power realized by the mobile devices. 17. The control processor of claim 16, wherein the control processor signals to the mobile devices to adjust the power realized by the mobile devices to: reduce power consumption from the electric grid; increase the power consumption from the electric grid; reduce power supplied to the electric grid; or increase the power supplied to the electric grid. 18. The control processor of claim 16, wherein the processor is further configured to: receive measurements of the power supplied from the renewable energy source; for each respective mobile device used to balance the power on the electric grid, determine an operating condition for the respective mobile device in accordance with the measured power and signals the determined operating condition to the respective mobile device; continuously signal the mobile devices such that the power realized by the mobile devices substantially follows the supply of the power from the renewable energy source; and model the supply of power realizable by each respective mobile device based on operating constraints of the electric grid and operating constraints of the respective mobile device, as model results, aggregates the model results for the mobile devices, as an aggregated model result, and compares the aggregated model result to the monitored power from the renewable energy source to determine an adjustment of the power realized by the mobile devices. 19. A method of managing renewable energy services for plug in-vehicles, comprising: identifying a fixed account that is associated with a grid connection point used by at least one plug-in electric vehicle for realizing power during a connection event; determining, by the at least one plug-in electric vehicle, a quantity of the energy realized during the connection event; adjusting the identified fixed account based on the energy realized by the plug-in vehicle during the connection event; registering the at least one plug-in electric vehicle to a renewable energy account; realizing energy by the at least one plug-in vehicle at a plurality of grid connection points associated with respectively different fixed accounts, as a plurality of connection events; aggregating the energy realized by the plug-in electric vehicle during the connection events; and billing, the renewable energy account based on the aggregated energy realized. 20. A method of identifying a grid connection point for utility bill processing of a charging event, comprising: establishing an identity tag at the grid connection point that uniquely identifies the grid connection point; receiving, at a mobile charging device, identity tag information to uniquely identify the grid connection point; monitoring, by the mobile charging device, charge event information indicating attributes of the charging event; associating, by the mobile charging device, the charge event information with the identity tag information, as associated information; and sending, by the mobile charging device, the associated information for reconciliation of utility billing accounts associated with the grid connection point and the mobile charging device. 