Disclosed is a wrist-wearable electronic interface movably mounted on an arm-attachment mechanism. Interface moves from under-sleeve wrist-adjacent position to palm-adjacent position where it can be manipulated by the hand of the arm wearing the device. Alternately adaptable to telephones, audio recorders, remote controls, auto ID equipment, telephone call-blocking, and more. Alternative embodiment provides a wrist-mounted docking station. Another alternative embodiment includes a superior carpal tunnel syndrome therapy device. The system also includes novel battery chargers: (1) window-mounted, solar-powered; (2) mounted in an automobile that also includes an improved odometer, license plate, and cabin air filtration system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system comprising a wearable apparatus wherein said apparatus comprises: an arm-attachment mechanism; an electronic device; and at least one of the following: (1) a movable coupling between said electronic device and said arm-attachment mechanism, wherein, by function of said coupling, said electronic device can move in a substantially straight line from wrist-adjacent position to palm-adjacent position while said arm-attachment mechanism serves as a cantilever support; and/or (2) a means by which said electronic device can be supported by said arm-attachment mechanism such that said electronic device can move back and forth in a direct line from a position under a user's shirt sleeve to a position where it can be manipulated by the hand of the arm upon which said arm-attachment mechanism is being worn while yet remaining coupled to and supported by said arm-attachment mechanism. 2. The system in claim 1 wherein said electronic device further comprises: a manual interface for data entry, such as a key or button; and/or a port or docking station suitable for coupling or electrically coupling to a removable attachment. 3. The system in claim 2 wherein said electronic device further comprises a removable battery and said system additionally comprises a battery charger, said battery charger being mounted in a window or an automobile. 4. The system in claim 3 wherein: (1) said battery charger is solar-powered by function of a solar panel hingedly mounted to a window-mounted device; or (2) said automobile further comprises either (a) a colorto-number matrix-enabled odometer, (b) a color-to-number matrix-enabled license plate, or (c) a dashboard comprising a movable cover used to access a cabin air purification filter. 5. The system in claim 4 wherein said arm-attachment mechanism additionally comprises at least one open-sided ring positioned to grasp a finger of a user when the arm-attachment mechanism is being worn. 6. The system in claim 5 wherein said electronic device is a telephone suitable for use in a process by which unwanted telephone calls are screened. 7. The system in claim 1 additionally comprising a connecting member between said electronic device and said arm-attachment mechanism, wherein: said connecting member is flexible such that, when said electronic device is in palm-adjacent position, the orientation of said electronic device can be adjusted by bending or twisting said connecting member; and/or said connecting member is attached to said electronic device by way of a ball-and-socket joint. 8. The system in claim 1 wherein said arm-attachment mechanism additionally comprises: a second electronic device that is movably coupled to said arm-attachment mechanism; and/or a computing device suitable for use as a notebook/laptop-style computer, wherein said computing device comprises a display and a keyboard, and wherein said computing device can be reconfigured with the removal of at least one part and then worn on the user's body by way of said arm-attachment mechanism. . 9. The system in claim 2 wherein said electronic device further comprises a telecommunication device, remote control, or control for an audio recording mechanism. 10. The system in claim 1 wherein said electronic device additionally comprises at least one of the following: a cursor-positioning means, such as a trackball; a scanning means, such as a bar-code scanner; an auto ID means, such as a bar-code scanner or RFID tag; an RF transmitting means, such as an RFID transceiver; a light-emitting means, such as a laser pointer or flashlight; a hair-trimming means; an environmental sensor means, such as a thermometer; a tool means, such as a screwdriver or drill; an electronic rotor means; an electronic vibrating means; a hygienic means, such as a toothbrush; a testing means, such as a voltage or hardness tester; or a credit card reading means, such as a magnetic strip reader. 11. The system in claim 2 wherein said electronic device or said removable attachment additionally comprises at least one of the following: a cursor-positioning means, such as a trackball; a scanning means, such as a bar-code scanner; an auto ID means, such as a bar-code scanner or RFID tag; an RF transmitting means, such as an RFID transceiver; a photographic means; a light-emitting means, such as a laser pointer; a sound-emitting means, such as a speaker; a microphone; a writing means, such as a stylus; a telecommunication means; a hair-trimming means; an environmental sensor means, such as a thermometer; a tool means, such as a screwdriver or drill; an electronic rotor means; an electronic vibrating means; a hygienic means, such as a toothbrush; a testing means, such as a voltage or hardness tester; or a credit card reading means, such as a magnetic strip reader. 12. The system in claim 1 wherein said electronic device additionally comprises at least one of the following: a data-processing means; a digital data storage means, such as RAM; a power source means, such as a battery; or an RFID tag. 13. A method of screening telephone calls comprising the following steps: compiling an approved callers list; comparing an incoming phone call to said approved callers list; and providing a means by which a telephone call from a caller who is not on said approved callers list results in the caller being presented with a choice to pay a surcharge in order to have said call placed. 14. A system comprising: a color-to-number matrix; a human observer or a machine observer, such as a photographic means; and at least one of the following: (1) a meter wherein said meter simultaneously conveys current meter information both by (a) numeral and (b) color reference to said matrix; or (2) an automobile license plate that simultaneously conveys license plate information both by (a) numeral and (b) color reference to said matrix. 15. The system in claim 14 wherein: said meter is an odometer; and/or said color-to-number matrix comprises a one-to-one correspondence between ten numbers and ten distinct colors. 16. A system used in converting solar energy to electrical energy comprising: a window, such as a window in the wall of an apartment building; an apparatus configured to be mounted in said window, such as a window-mountable air conditioner; a solar panel movably mounted upon said apparatus; and an electronic device that is at least partly powered through said solar panel. 17. An automobile cabin air purification system comprising: a dashboard comprising at least one movable cover, said cover covering an opening for an air filter; a first air filter that is accessible through said opening; and a second air filter that is not accessible through said opening, wherein said first and second air filter work cooperatively in that one filter filters finer particles than the other filter. 18. A physical therapy device comprising: a rigid splint member; at least one grasping member suitable for grasping a human finger, said grasping member being mounted upon the splint member and configured to release said finger when said finger is flexed; and an attachment mechanism suitable for attaching said splint member to the forearm of a human. 19. The device in claim 18 wherein at least one of the following is true: (1) said splint member is at least partly inflatable; (2) said splint member additionally comprises at least one button or key positioned so that said button or key can be pressed by extension of a user's finger; or (3) said grasping member is movably coupled to said splint member. 20. The system in claim 1 additionally comprising a health monitor, such as a pulse monitor, or a camera component, such as a viewfinder. 