A method for in situ monitoring within a specified environment. The method includes locating a housing in a well, wherein a set of pumps and a plurality of test beds are inserted. Each of the set of pumps are controlled by signals from the control system to push water from each pump into one of the plurality of separate test beds where, after flowing through each of the test beds, effluent flows into an effluent storage device.
Claims 1. A method for in situ monitoring within a specified environment comprising: locating a housing in a well, wherein a set of pumps and a plurality of test beds are inserted; controlling each of the set of pumps by signals from the control system to push water from each pump into one of the plurality of separate test beds where, after flowing through each of the test beds, effluent flows into an effluent storage device. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the set of pumps comprise peristaltic pumps. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the control system comprises a processor and a communications module. 4. The method of claim 3 further comprising operating one or more sensing units disposed to receive the outflow from the plurality of test beds. 5. The method of claim 4 where the sensing units comprise sensors selected to detect predetermined parameters in the water flowing through the test beds. 6. The method of claim 5 where at least one output signal line from the sensing units is coupled to communicate with a processor. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein the processor communicates received sensor information to a network selected from the group consisting of a private network, WAN, LAN and Internet through communications module, or combinations thereof. 8. The method of claim 1 further comprising operating at least one multichannel valve interposed between the test beds and the sensing units, where the at least one multichannel valve controls fluid flow from the plurality of test beds to the sensing units so as to allow fluid from selected test beds to flow into the sensing units at any point in time. 9. The method of claim 1 further comprising operating at least one injection unit where the at least one injection unit injects test material into at least one of the plurality of separate test beds. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein the injected material is selected from the group consisting of chemical material, biological material, and combinations thereof. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein each of the inserted devices comprises a modular design allowing for operation of test beds in series to enable turning aerobic groundwater into anaerobic groundwater, which is then fed into a test bed fitted with strict anaerobic bacteria that do not tolerate any oxygen. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein the effluent of one test bed becomes the influent of another test bed. 13. The method of claim 12 further comprising operating switching valves controlled from the ground surface to change the configuration of fluid and/or effluent flow. 14. The method of claim 7 comprising transmitting sensor signals to a receiver station. 15. The method of claim 13 further comprising running multiple test beds in series. 16. The method of claim 1 further comprising powering the system using independent power generated from solar panels, storage batteries and independent power sources, thereby allowing for the unit to operate off the grid with DC current to enable "around-the-clock" operation, day and night. 17. The method of claim 1 further comprising: loading indigenous sediment into one of the test beds; pumping indigenous groundwater containing live bacteria through the sediment test beds; and allowing naturally occurring bacteria to settle and grow in the sediment, and to interact with contaminants. 18. The method of claim 1 further comprising: loading at least one test bed with indigenous sediment with added nutrients; pumping indigenous groundwater containing live bacteria through the sediment containing nutrients; and allowing naturally occurring bacteria to settle in the sediment and grow at an enhanced rate. 19. The method of claim 1 further comprising: loading at least one test bed with a selected material; pumping indigenous groundwater injected with selected chemicals through the sediment columns to promote occurrence of a chemical reaction in the sediment. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein the selected material comprises material selected from the group consisting of indigenous sediment, chemicals, organic material, inorganic material, metals, biological material, iron filings and combinations thereof. 21. The method of claim 1 further comprising: loading a test bed with materials selected from the group consisting of sediment, polymers, catalysts, biological materials, chemicals and groundwater; injecting indigenous groundwater into the test bed and exposing the sediment to physical treatment. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein the physical treatment is selected from the group consisting of radiation, light, a laser beam, an electron beam, long wave radiation, short wave radiation, and combinations thereof. 23. The method of claim 1 further comprising retrieving water samples and shipping the water samples to analytical laboratories. 24. The method of claim 1 further comprising intermittently exchanging an effluent storage bag for continued operation. 25. The method of claim 1 further comprising: deploying multiple ISMA systems in the same area or plume; shutting down individual units in sequence when real-time sensors indicate termination of the experiment is warranted; and retrieving the units in a single field campaign. 26. The method of claim 1 further comprising comparing the efficacy of a resultant remediation achieved after performing the steps of claim 1 against a reactive barrier technology. 