This is a water cleansing system intended for very low technology primitive communities buildable for between $600 and $1,000 of parts with labor extra. A gravity feed system is contemplated with an initial filtering stage(s), a settling stage, a UV treatment stage, and an ozonator stage. Other filtering is useful and a stand-alone power system with solar power needing no infrastructure is contemplated to enhance purification. The objective is to improve water quality from the worst of conditions; and under some conditions to end up with clean water of a quality found in developed countries with mature water systems. The general principle is that if water had to be carried to the site in communities with low precipitation, the water brought in would be emptied into the initial stage of the water cleansing system, and the person who brought the water would draw from the last stage an equal amount or high percentage of the amount of water carried in. The system is fully scalable in size, but one key is that it can serve at a very inexpensive cost, a small group of people.
Claims 1. A system to improve the cleanliness of water comprising: at least one suitcase portable energy source; said at least one suitcase portable energy source being assistable by a battery connected to said portable energy source through a charge monitor; at least one ultraviolet water cleaner powered by solar energy; at least one filter system to clarify the water to enable ultraviolet energy to impact impurities in said water; said system being connectable to a means for ozonating said water to improve its drinking quality; said connections between said at least one filter system, and said at least one ultraviolet water cleaner being by a tube allowing continuous water flow; said system being capable of being used as a small community electric and lighting center. 2. The system to improve the cleanliness of water according to claim 1, further comprising: said means for ozonating being an ozonator cleaner for said water connected by an ozonator tube to said system. 3. The system to improve the cleanliness of water according to claim 2, further comprising: at least one earth cooling system for increasing the cleaning efficiency of at least one of said at least one ultraviolet water cleaner and said at least one ozonator cleaner, through which at least one earth cooling system is disposed a portion of said tube allowing continuous water flow. 4. The system to improve the cleanliness of water according to claim 3, further comprising: at least one of said at least one ultraviolet water cleaners being heated by solar insolation; said at least one ultraviolet water cleaner having at least a cylinder to be heated by said solar insolation; said cylinder having a longitudinal axis; said cylinder being partially surrounded by a reflecting surface approximately parallel to said longitudinal axis; said reflecting surface being a shaped geometric cowling to reflect light onto said cylinder; said cylinder having a rearward portion shaded by the sunward portion of said cylinder from surface insolation; said reflecting surface being a shaped geometric cowling and said cylinder being disposed in said at least one ultraviolet water cleaner so that said reflecting surface casts reflected insolation onto said rearward portion of said cylinder, and preferably onto the entire rearward portion of said cylinder when the sun is at solar noon and is at 90 degrees to said longitudinal axis. 5. The system to improve the cleanliness of water according to claim 4, further comprising: said air input tube being cooled by an earth cooling system. 6. The system to improve the cleanliness of water according to claim 5, further comprising: at least one of said earth cooling systems having two vessels set upright, one within the other and having a layer of water between a portion of each vessel, through which portion runs a portion of said at least one connecting tubes, said portion of said latter tube to be cooled by evaporative cooling. 7. The system to improve the cleanliness of water according to claim 6, further comprising: said at least one filter system having at least two successive stages; said first stage of said at least one filter system filtering materials less fine than a grain of sand; and said second stage of said at least one filter system filtering materials to enable cleansing of said water by said cleaners. 8. The system to improve the cleanliness of water according to claim 7, further comprising: a rotating dessicator alternately connected sealing to said ozonator cleaner; said ozonator cleaner having an air input tube; said rotating dessicator having a chamber which can be disposed sealing to said air input tube to enable a desiccant material in said rotating dessicator to be utilized in order to alternately dry said desiccant material by heating it, and after rotating said dessicator, to pass air through said desiccant material into said air input tube of said ozonator cleaner so that air of lesser humidity enter the ozonator cleaner through said air input tube. 