A wireless sensor network for monitoring of a container includes a sensor disposed for monitoring of a container, at least one remote sensor interface, and a gateway. The sensor is configured to acquire data related to the container and communicate sensor data as a function of the acquired data. The remote sensor interface is configured to receive the sensor data communicated from the sensor and wirelessly transmit data relating to the received sensor data. The gateway is configured to receive data related to the sensor data, and transmitted from the at least one remote sensor interface, and is configured to communicate data relating to the sensor data to a network external to the wireless sensor network. The gateway is in at least intermittent electronic communications with the external network.
Claims 1. A wireless sensor network for monitoring of a container, the network comprising: (a) a sensor disposed for monitoring a container, said sensor configured to acquire data related to the container and communicate sensor data as a function of the acquired data; (b) at least one remote sensor interface, said at least one remote sensor interface being configured, (i) to receive said sensor data communicated from said sensor, and (ii) wirelessly transmit data relating to said received sensor data; and (c) a gateway configured to receive data related to said sensor data and transmitted from said at least one remote sensor interface, and further configured to communicate data relating to said sensor data to a network external to the wireless sensor network, said gateway being at least in intermittent electronic communications with the external network. 2. The network of claim 1, wherein said sensor is a chemical sensor. 3. The network of claim 2, wherein said chemical sensor is sensitive to a chemical present within said container. 4. The network of claim 1, wherein said sensor comprises a biological sensor, a radiological sensor, a nuclear sensor, an explosive sensor, or a chlorine sensor. 5. The network of claim 1, wherein said sensor detects a particular chemical, substance, or biological agent. 6. The network of claim 1, wherein said sensor comprises a seal monitor that detects openings and/or closures of a container. 7. The network of claim 1, wherein said sensor comprises an inclination monitor for detecting the overturning or tipping of a container. 8. The network of claim 1, wherein said sensor comprises a device or array of devices for measuring state conditions of a container. 9. The network of claim 1, wherein said sensor comprises a device or array of devices for measuring state conditions of contents of a container. 10. The network of claim 9, wherein the state condition is at least one of temperature, volume, weight, and pressure. 11. The network of claim 1, wherein said sensor comprises an activity monitoring device. 12. The network of claim 11, wherein the activity monitoring device comprises at least one of a microphone, a motion detector, a light detector, and a broad-band RF signal scanner. 13. The network of claim 1, wherein said sensor comprises a device for detecting at least one of physical presence at a container, movement of a container, or tampering with a container. 14. The network of claim 1, wherein said sensor comprises an accelerometer. 15. The network of claim 1, wherein said sensor detects data regarding the security, integrity, configuration, condition, disposition, orientation, location, contents, or surroundings of a container. 16. The network of claim 1, wherein a first of said at least one remote sensor interfaces receives said sensor data directly from said sensor, and said gateway receives data related to said sensor data directly from a second of said at least one remote sensor interfaces different from said first of said at least one remote sensor interfaces. 17. The network of claim 1, further comprising a railroad car that is monitored by said sensor. 18. The network of claim 1, further comprising a tanker truck that is monitored by said sensor. 19. The network of claim 1, further comprising a maritime shipping container that is monitored by said sensor. 20. The network of claim 1, wherein the gateway is further configured to communicate the data to the external network upon receipt of an appropriate wake-up signal communicated to said gateway and is not configured to communicate the data to the external network at periodic intervals determined based on a timer of the gateway. 21. A method for monitoring of a container in a wireless network that includes (i) a sensor disposed for monitoring of a container, (ii) at least one remote sensor interface, and (iii) a gateway for receiving data from the at least one remote sensor interface and communicating with a network external to the wireless sensor network, the method including the steps of: (a) acquiring data related to said container; (b) after step (a), communicating sensor data as a function of said acquired data; (c) after step (b), receiving said sensor data; (d) after step (c), wirelessly transmitting data relating to said receiving sensor data; (e) after step (d), receiving data related to said sensor data; and (f) after step (e), communicating data related to said sensor data to a network external to the wireless sensor network. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein at least one common designation network is formed. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein a plurality of common designation networks are formed. 24. The method of claim 21, further comprising supplying power to the at least one remote sensor interface utilizing solar power. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein solar power is supplied by at least one solar panel. 26. The method of claim 21, further comprising supplying power to the gateway utilizing solar power. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein solar power is supplied by at least one solar panel. 28. The method of claim 21, wherein communicating data related to said sensor data to a network external to the wireless sensor network includes communicating via a satellite radio signal. 29. The method of claim 21, wherein communicating data related to said sensor data to a network external to the wireless sensor network includes communicating via a cellular telephony signal. 30. The method of claim 21, wherein said step (f) is performed by a gateway upon receipt of an appropriate wake-up signal and is not performed at periodic intervals determined based on a timer of the gateway. 