A method of facilitating environmental resource and/or energy management on farms. From each of a plurality of farms, data is collected relating to environmental resource and/or energy management on the farm. For each farm, at least some of the data is monitored to provide a verification of one or more conditions related to a goal of the environmental resource and/or energy management. For one of the farms, the verification is communicated to a party unaffiliated with the one of the farms.
Claims 1. A method of facilitating environmental resource energy management on farms, the method comprising: for each of a plurality of farms, collecting sensor data descriptive of energy use and/or energy production on the farm; for each of at least a sub-plurality of the farms determining one or more farming industry segments engaged in on the farm, and analyzing at least some of the collected sensor data as relating to the one or more industry segments to obtain a farm-specific analysis of energy management; and making at least some of the collected data and/or farm-specific analyses available to one or more parties unaffiliated with the farm. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising monitoring at least some of the collected data to provide a verification of one or more conditions for which a benefit may be provided via one of the one or more unaffiliated parties to a party affiliated with the farm. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the benefit includes at least one of the following: a savings, a loan, a payment on a lease, a grant, a tax credit, an energy sale, and a payment for a carbon credit. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising using at least one of the farm-specific analyses to make a farm-specific recommendation of one or more products and/or applications for improving energy management. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein using at least one of the farm-specific analyses comprises using analyses specific to different farms. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein at least some of the collected sensor data is descriptive of renewable energy use and/or renewable energy production. 7. The method of claim 4, wherein the one or more products and/or applications facilitate production of renewable energy. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the one or more products and/or applications relate to at least one of a wind energy system, a solar energy system, and a biomass energy system. 9. The method of claim 1, further comprising, for one of the farms, storing at least some of the collected data in real time in a web-accessible location available to a party affiliated with the farm. 10-19. (canceled) 20. A method of compiling farm environmental resource data for use in the agricultural industry, the method comprising: collecting, from each of a plurality of farms representing a plurality of farming industry segments, farm-specific data descriptive of environmental resource management being performed on the farm; receiving, from a specific one of the farms, a request for a proposal for improving the environmental resource management being performed on the specific farm; in response to the request, analyzing a portion of the collected data relating to a farming industry segment represented on the specific farm, to determine a scenario for implementing one or more environmental resource management-related products and/or applications on the specific farm; and making the collected data and scenario available to at least one party unaffiliated with the one of the farms. 21. The method of claim 20 wherein making available includes storing the collected data and scenario in a database and providing said unaffiliated party access to the database via a computer. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein providing said unaffiliated party access includes allowing the unaffiliated party to search and/or compile reports from the database. 23. The method of claim 21 wherein making available includes making it available on a subscription basis. 24. The method of claim 20 wherein one or more financial benefits are obtainable in connection with the one or more environmental resource management-related products and/or applications, and wherein determining a scenario includes including said one or more financial benefits in a cost calculation for the scenario. 25. The method of claim 24, the one or more financial benefits include at least one of the following: a savings, a loan, payment on a lease, a grant, a tax credit, an energy sale, and a carbon credit payment. 26. The method of claim 24, further comprising applying for said one or more financial benefits on behalf of the specific farm. 27. The method of claim 20, wherein the collected data includes data monitored to verify one or more conditions on the farms related to one or more goals of environmental resource and/or energy management. 28. The method of claim 20, wherein the one or more environmental resource management-related products and/or applications facilitate at least one of the following: sustainability, and clean air. 29-48. (canceled) 49. A web-based system for facilitating improvements to farm energy production and/or usage, the system comprising at least one processor and memory configured to: receive data descriptive of one or more energy-related conditions at a specific farm receive, from a party affiliated with the specific farm, a request for a scenario for improving energy management on the specific farm; retrieve, from one or more databases, data descriptive of energy use and/or energy production at a plurality of farms and data descriptive of a plurality of energy-related products and/or applications; analyze the received and retrieved data to identify one or more energy-related products and/or applications in connection with which one or more benefits may be obtainable by the affiliated party if implemented on the specific farm; and based on the analysis, output a scenario to the affiliated party for implementing the one or more energy-related products and/or applications and obtaining the one or more benefits. 50. The system of claim 49, further comprising a plurality of sensors configured to: provide the data descriptive of one or more energy-related conditions at the specific farm; and provide the data descriptive of energy use and/or energy production at the plurality of farms. 