The present invention is a human machine interface (10) use in situations requiring authorized access. The human machine interface (10) includes a validator controller (12) and a data transmitter (14). The validator controller (12) includes a validator status actuator (16) in communication with a validator receiver (18) via a validator logic circuit (20). The validator status actuator (16) is configured to process and perform actions based upon data signals (22) received by the validator receiver (18). The data transmitter (14), which is in contact with a human nail (24), transmits the data signal (22) to the validator controller (12).
Claims I claim: 1. A human machine interface, comprising: a validator controller having a validator status actuator in communication with a validator receiver via a validator logic circuit, the validator status actuator configured to process and perform actions based upon data signals, and the validator receiver configured to receive data signals; a data transmitter in contact with a human nail and in communication with the validator controller; and said data transmitter relying upon the physical properties of the nail or surrounding areas; wherein the data transmitter transmits a data signal, the validator receiver receives the data signal, the validator logic circuit processes the received data signal, and the validator status actuator performs an action based upon the received data signal. 2. The human machine interface of claim 1, further comprising: a direct physical connection element between the validator receiver and the data transmitter; wherein the data signal is transmitted through the direct physical connection element. 3. The human machine interface of claim 2, wherein the data transmitter comprises: a capacitance plate secured to the human nail; and a circuit return conductor. 4. The human machine interface of claim 1, further comprising a data transmitter power source powering the data transmitter. 5. The human machine interface of claim 1, further comprising a validator controller power source powering the validator controller. 6. The human machine interface of claim 1, wherein the validator controller further comprises a validator emitter configured to emit signals towards the data transmitter. 7. The human machine interface of claim 6, wherein the data transmitter further comprises: a nail digital chip configured to communicate with the validator receiver; and a nail solar cell configured to receive signals from the validator emitter and power the data transmitter. 8. The human machine interface of claim 7, further comprising: a direct physical connection element between the validator receiver and the data transmitter; wherein a data signal is transmitted through the direct physical connection element. 9. The human machine interface of claim 8, wherein the data transmitter further comprises a nail analog chip in communication with the nail digital chip. 10. The human machine interface of claim 9, wherein the data transmitter further comprises: at least one capacitance plate secured to the human nail and configured to communicate with the nail analog chip; and a circuit return conductor. 11. The human machine interface of claim 7, wherein the data transmitter further comprises a nail signal emitter configured to emit data signals towards the validator receiver. 12. The human machine interface of claim 11, wherein the data transmitter further comprises a nail analog chip in communication with the nail digital chip. 13. The human machine interface of claim 12, wherein the data transmitter further comprises at least one capacitance plate secured to the human nail and configured to communicate with the nail analog chip. 14. The human machine interface of claim 6, wherein the data transmitter further comprises at least one capacitance plate secured to the human nail. 15. The human machine interface of claim 14, wherein the data transmitter further comprises an inductor in communication with the at least one capacitance plate and configured to emit data signals towards the validator receiver. 16. The human machine interface of claim 1, further comprising a recording device, the recording device configured to log specific events occurring within the human machine interface and associated devices. 17. The human machine interface of claim 1, further comprising: a data transmitter protective layer covering and protecting the data transmitter; wherein the protective layer does not interfere with communication of data signals between the data transmitter and the validator controller. 18. The human machine interface of claim 1, further comprising: a validator controller protective layer covering and protecting the validator controller; wherein the protective layer does not interfere with communication of data signals between the data transmitter and the validator controller. 19. The human machine interface of claim 1, further comprising an adhesive layer between the data transmitter and the human nail, the adhesive layer configured to non-permanently secure the data transmitter to the human nail. 20. The human machine interface of claim 1, wherein the validator status actuator communicates with a controllable device logic circuit in a controllable device, the control device logic circuit in communication with a controllable device and configured to control the controllable device. 21. The human machine interface of claim 1, further comprising a timer device in communication with one of the validator controller and the data transmitter and configured to associate a time with an event. 22. The human machine interface of claim 1, wherein the data signal is encrypted prior to communication from the data transmitter to the validator controller. 23. The human machine interface of claim 1, further comprising a positioning system integrated with the human machine interface and configured to provide human machine interface location information to an external recipient. 24. A method of enabling or disabling an event, comprising the steps of: providing a validator controller having a validator status actuator in communication with a validator receiver via a validator logic circuit, the validator status actuator configured to process and perform actions based upon data signals, and the validator receiver configured to receive signals, a data transmitter in contact with a human nail and in communication with the validator controller; receiving a data signal by the validator receiver; processing the received data signal by the validator logic circuit; and performing an action by the validator status actuator based upon the received data signal. 25. A human machine interface, comprising: a validator controller having a validator status actuator in communication with a validator receiver via a validator logic circuit, the validator status actuator configured to process and perform actions based upon data signals, and the validator receiver configured to receive data signals; a data transmitter in contact with a human nail and in communication with the validator controller; and said data transmitter relying upon one of the relative position, state, motion and acceleration of the nail or surrounding areas, with respect to an external point; wherein the data transmitter transmits a data signal, the validator receiver receives the data signal, the validator logic circuit processes the received data signal, and the validator status actuator performs an action based upon the received data signal. 26. The human machine interface of claim 25, wherein the data transmitter further includes a sensor in communication with a nail analog chip, the nail analog chip in communication with a nail digital chip; wherein the nail digital chip is configured to emit a data signal from the data transmitter towards the validator controller, the data signal based upon one of the relative position, state, motion and acceleration of the nail or surrounding areas, with respect to an external point. 27. The human machine interface of claim 25, wherein the validator controller further comprises a validator emitter configured to emit signals towards the data transmitter. 28. The human machine interface of claim 27, further comprising: a directional reflector configured to reflect the signals from the validator emitter only when received at a predetermined angle; and an electronic shutter adjacent the directional reflector and configured to modulate the data signal; wherein the external signal is received through the electronic shutter and by the reflector, and the data signal is reflected and modulated by the data transmitter, towards the validator controller. 29. The human machine interface of claim 25, wherein the data transmitter further comprises a nail digital chip, the nail digital chip containing at least one computer program. 30. The human machine interface of claim 25, wherein the data signal communicated from the data transmitter to the validator controller is a correlation between a first spatial point associated with the data transmitter and a second spatial point. 31. The human machine interface of claim 30, wherein the first spatial point is adjacent a user's nail and the second spatial point is on a screened monitor. 32. A security apparatus, comprising: a validator controller having a validator status actuator in communication with a validator receiver via a validator logic circuit, the validator status actuator configured to process and perform actions based upon data signals, and the validator receiver configured to receive data signals; a data transmitter in contact with a human nail and in communication with the validator controller; and said data transmitter relying upon the physical properties of the nail or surrounding areas; wherein the data transmitter transmits a data signal, the validator receiver receives the data signal, the validator logic circuit processes the received data signal, and the validator status actuator performs an action based upon the received data signal. 