The present invention provides a computer-controlled tire pressure control system and method for reducing fuel consumption of a vehicle over a time period, the system including an air pump system including an air pump unit adapted to fill at least two tires concomitantly of the vehicle, at least one double ended conduit in fluid connection with the air pump unit, a frame for supporting the at least one double ended lead conduit around the vehicle and a computer in communication with the air pump unit and the vehicle for providing a user of the vehicle with real-time tire data of the vehicle over the time period.
Claims 1. A computer-controlled tire pressure control system for reducing fuel consumption of a vehicle over a time period, the system comprising: a) an air pump system comprising an air pump unit adapted to fill at least two tires concomitantly of said vehicle; b) at least one double ended conduit in fluid connection with said air pump unit; c) a frame for supporting the at least one double ended lead conduit around the vehicle; and d) a computer in communication with said air pump unit and said vehicle for providing a user of said vehicle with real-time tire data of said vehicle over said time period. 2. A computer-controlled tire pressure control system according to claim 1, further comprising a load cell disposed under said frame. 3. A computer-controlled tire pressure control system according to claim 2, wherein said load cell is adapted to provide real-time data relating to a weight of said vehicle to define said set pressure. 4. A computer-controlled tire pressure control system according to claim 1, wherein said air pump unit comprises a display for displaying real time parameters of said at least two tires concomitantly. 5. A computer-controlled tire pressure control system according to claim 4, wherein said real time parameters are selected from the group consisting of a pressure parameter, a temperature parameter, a tread parameter and combinations thereof. 6. A computer-controlled tire pressure control system according to claim 1, wherein said at least one double-ended conduit comprises a tire connection device at each end. 7. A computer-controlled tire pressure control system according to claim 6, wherein said at least one double-ended conduit comprises a connector conduit for equalizing pressure in said at least two tires. 8. A computer-controlled tire pressure control system according to claim 7, wherein said connector conduit comprises at least one remotely-operable valve. 9. A computer-controlled tire pressure control system according to claim 8, wherein said at least one remotely-operable valve comprises at least one one-way valve. 10. A computer-controlled tire pressure control system according to claim 6, wherein said at least one double-ended conduit comprises two double-ended conduits. 11. A computer-controlled tire pressure control system according to claim 1, further comprising a vehicle identifier apparatus comprising at least one of an optical eye and a bar-code reader. 12. A computer-controlled tire pressure control system according to claim 11, wherein said vehicle identifier apparatus is adapted to determine said set pressure in accordance with at least one of: a vehicle type, a vehicle real-time load; a tire temperature and vehicle historical data. 13. A method for reducing fuel consumption of a vehicle, the method comprising: a. providing a tire pressure monitoring and tire filling service to a vehicle over a time period; b. sending at least one reminder to a user of said vehicle after a predetermined time interval in said time period; and c. filling tires of said vehicle responsive to said tire pressure monitoring after said predetermined time interval thereby reducing a fuel efficiency loss of said vehicle. 14. A method according to claim 13, wherein said fuel is selected from the group consisting of: fossil fuel, biodiesel, electric battery power, hydrogen fuel, solar energy, wind energy, hybrid fuels and combinations thereof. 15. A method according to claim 14, wherein said provision step and said filling tires step are performed at least, in part, by the computer-controlled air pump system according to claim 1. 16. A method according to claim 15, wherein said filling tires step comprises filling said at least two tires concomitantly within three minutes. 17. A method according to claim 16, wherein said filling tires step comprises filling said at least two tires concomitantly within two minutes. 18. A method according to claim 15, further comprising charging said user of said vehicle for said tire pressure monitoring and tire filling service. 19. A method according to claim 15, further comprising providing compensation to a user of said vehicle for a low value of said fuel efficiency loss over said time period. 20. A method according to claim 19, wherein said compensation is at least one of: money, an account credit, at least one credit point, a club membership point, a prize, and a compensation related to a carbon credit due to said low value of said fuel efficiency loss. 21. A method according to claim 15, further comprising providing a fine to a user of said vehicle for a high value of said fuel efficiency loss over said time period. 22. A method according to claim 15, further comprising providing compensation to a service provider of said tire pressure monitoring and tire filling service for said low value of said fuel efficiency loss over said time period. 23. A method according to claim 22, wherein said compensation is at least one of: money, an account credit, at least one credit point, a club membership point, a prize, a compensation related to a carbon credit due to said low value of said fuel efficiency loss of said vehicle, and a compensation related to a carbon credit due to an average low value of fuel efficiency loss of a plurality of vehicles serviced by said service provider. 