An anti-terrorist communication monitoring device and method for providing a user with a data regarding a content of a communication system is provided. The device includes a sensor to provide the data regarding the content of the communication system, a wireless transmitter including a power supply, a video camera, and a microphone, and a wireless receiver including a security processor to provide an anti-terrorist function, a video monitor to provide for a display of the data regarding the content of the communication system, and a circuit to decode and generate an image, wherein said image is to be displayed on said video monitor.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An anti-terrorist communication monitoring device for providing a user with a data regarding a content of a communication system, comprising: a sensor to provide the data regarding the content of the communication system; a wireless transmitter including a power supply, a video camera, and a microphone; and a wireless receiver including a security processor to provide an anti-terrorist function, a video monitor to provide for a display of the data regarding the content of the communication system, and a circuit to decode and generate an image, wherein said image is to be displayed on said video monitor. 2. The device according to claim 1, wherein the sensor comprises an Infrared sensor. 3. The device according to claim 1, wherein the communication system comprises a mailbox. 4. The device according to claim 1, wherein said Sensor is coupled with a United States Postal Mailbox. 5. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter is coupled with a United States Postal Mailbox. 6. The device according to claim 1, wherein the power supply of said wireless transmitter includes a solar energy internal capacitor. 7. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter further includes an alarm. 8. The device according to claim 1, further comprising a remote transmitter, wherein upon said wireless receiver detecting a transmission from said remote transmitter, said wireless receiver generates a response. 9. The device according to claim 8, wherein said wireless receiver communicates with said remote transmitter via a wireless telecommunications network. 10. The device according to claim 8, wherein said wireless receiver communicates with said remote transmitter via a voice recognition system. 11. The device according to claim 8, wherein said response includes a system reset. 12. The device according to claim 8, wherein said response includes an alarm reset. 13. The device according to claim 8, wherein said remote transmitter includes an Infrared remote transmitter. 14. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter includes a theft/vandalism deterrent system. 15. The device according to claim 14, wherein said theft/vandalism deterrent system includes a scanning device to provide the data. 16. The device according to claim 15, wherein said scanning device includes an infrared scanning device. 17. The device according to claim 16 wherein said scanning device provides for a detection of a substance contained within the contents of the mailbox. 18. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless receiver is coupled with a wireless telecommunication system. 19. The device according to claim 18, wherein said wireless receiver includes a voice recognition system to provide use with an access to the data. 20. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless receiver includes a transmitter. 21. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter provides the user with the data. 22. The device according to claim 21, wherein the data is retrieved upon a request by the user initiating a data retrieval. 23. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter communicates via a unique identification code to provide a unique location identifier. 24. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless receiver communicates via wireless telecommunication. 25. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless receiver responds to a preprogrammed sound. 26. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless receiver responds to a voice command. 27. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless receiver displays a time elapsed from a mailbox door open time. 28. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter stores a mailbox information data packet. 29. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter codes and transmits a graphic image corresponding to said mailbox information data packet. 30. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter codes and transmits an audio stream corresponding to said mailbox information data packet. 31. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless receiver stores a mailbox information data packet. 32. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless receiver decodes a graphic image corresponding to said mailbox information data packet. 33. The device according to claim 29, wherein said wireless receiver decodes an audio stream corresponding to said mailbox information data packet. 34. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter includes a Global Positioning Satellite system. 35. A method for monitoring a communication system to provide a user with a data corresponding to a content of the communication system, comprising the steps of scanning the content via a sensor to provide the data regarding the content of the communication system; transmitting the data via a wireless transmitter; receiving the data via a wireless receiver including a security processor to provide an anti-terrorist function, a video monitor to display the data; and generating an image, wherein said image corresponds to the data. 36. The method according to claim 35, wherein said scanning the content via a sensor includes the step of scanning via an Infrared sensor. 37. The method according to claim 35, wherein said generating an image includes the step of displaying said image on said video monitor. 38. The method according to claim 35, wherein said transmitting the data includes the step of accessing a video camera data packet. 39. The method according to claim 35, wherein transmitting the data includes the step of accessing a microphone data packet. 40. The method according to claim 35, wherein the communication system comprises a mailbox. 41. The method according to claim 35, wherein said Sensor is coupled with a United States Postal Mailbox. 42. The method according to claim 35, wherein said wireless transmitter is coupled with a United States Postal Mailbox. 43. The method according to claim 35, wherein said wireless transmitter includes a solar energy internal capacitor. 44. The method according to claim 35, wherein said method further comprises the step of initiating an alarm. 45. The method according to claim 35, wherein said method further comprises the steps of initiating communication via a remote transmitter, and generating a response via said wireless receiver upon detecting a transmission from said remote transmitter. 46. The method according to claim 45, wherein said wireless receiver communicates with said remote transmitter via a wireless telecommunications network. 47. The method according to claim 45, wherein said wireless receiver communicates with said remote transmitter via a voice recognition system. 48. The method according to claim 45, wherein said generating a response includes the step of resetting a system. 49. The method according to claim 45, wherein said generating a response includes the step of resetting an alarm. 50. The method according to claim 45, wherein said initiating communication includes the step of transmitting an Infrared remote signal. 51. The method according to claim 35, wherein said method further comprise the step of initiating a theft/vandalism deterrent system. 52. The method according to claim 51, wherein said initiating said theft/vandalism deterrent system includes the step of scanning the content of the communication system. 53. The method according to claim 52, wherein said scanning the content of the communication system includes the step of scanning via an infrared scanning device. 54. The method according to claim 35, wherein said receiving the data via a wireless receiver includes the step of communicating via a wireless telecommunication system. 55. The method according to claim 35, wherein said method further comprises transmitting the data via the wireless transmitter and wireless receiver to provide the user with the data. 56. The method according to claim 55, wherein said transmitting the data is initiated upon a request by the user. 57. The method according to claim 55, wherein said transmitting the data is initiated upon detecting a voice command via a voice recognition system to provide use with an access to the data. 58. The method according to claim 35, wherein said transmitting the data via a wireless transmitter includes the step of transmitting via a unique identification code to provide a unique location identifier. 59. The method according to claim 35, wherein said method further comprises the step of initiating communication upon detecting a preprogrammed sound. 60. The method according to claim 35, wherein said method further comprises the step of initiating communication upon detecting a voice command. 61. The method according to claim 35, wherein said method further comprises the step of displaying a time elapsed from a mailbox door open time. 62. The method according to claim 35, wherein said method further comprises the step of storing a mailbox information data packet. 63. The method according to claim 35, wherein said transmitting the data via a wireless transmitter includes the step of transmitting a graphic image corresponding to said mailbox information data packet. 64. The method according to claim 35, wherein said transmitting the data via a wireless transmitter includes the step of transmitting an audio stream corresponding to said mailbox information data packet. 65. The method according to claim 35, wherein said receiving the data via a wireless receiver includes the step of decoding a graphic image corresponding to said mailbox information data packet. 66. The method according to claim 35, wherein said receiving the data via a wireless receiver includes the step of decoding an audio stream corresponding to said mailbox information data packet. 67. A computer readable medium containing programming which when executed performs the following procedures comprising: scanning a content of a communication system to provide a data regarding the content of the communication system; transmitting the data via a wireless transmitter; receiving the data via a wireless receiver including a security processor to provide an anti-terrorist function, a video monitor to display the data; and generating an image, wherein said image corresponds to the data. 68. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said scanning a content of a communication system includes the procedure of scanning via an Infrared sensor. 69. The medium according to claim 68, wherein said scanning via a sensor includes the procedure of scanning via a sensor coupled with a United States Postal Mailbox. 70. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said generating an image includes the procedure of displaying said image on said video monitor. 71. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said transmitting the data includes the procedure of accessing a video camera data packet. 72. The medium according to claim 67, wherein transmitting the data includes the procedure of accessing a microphone data packet. 73. The medium according to claim 67, wherein the communication system comprises a mailbox. 74. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said transmitting the data via a wireless transmitter includes transmitting the data via a wireless transmitter coupled with a United States Postal Mailbox. 75. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said wireless transmitter includes a solar energy internal capacitor. 76. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said medium further comprises the procedure of initiating an alarm. 77. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said medium further comprises the following procedures including: initiating communication via a remote transmitter, and generating a response via said wireless receiver upon detecting a transmission from said remote transmitter. 78. The medium according to claim 77, wherein said wireless receiver communicates with said remote transmitter via a wireless telecommunications network. 79. The medium according to claim 77, wherein said wireless receiver communicates with said remote transmitter via a voice recognition system. 80. The medium according to claim 77, wherein said generating a response includes the procedure of resetting a system. 81. The medium according to claim 77, wherein said generating a response includes the procedure of resetting an alarm. 82. The medium according to claim 77, wherein said initiating communication includes the procedure of transmitting an Infrared remote signal. 83. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said medium further comprise the procedure of initiating a theft/vandalism deterrent system. 84. The medium according to claim 83, wherein said initiating said theft/vandalism deterrent system includes the procedure of scanning the content of the communication system. 85. The medium according to claim 84, wherein said scanning the content of the communication system includes the procedure of scanning via an infrared scanning device. 86. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said receiving the data via a wireless receiver includes the procedure of communicating via a wireless telecommunication system. 87. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said medium further comprises the procedure of transmitting the data via the wireless transmitter and wireless receiver to provide the user with the data. 88. The medium according to claim 87, wherein said transmitting the data is initiated upon a request by the user. 89. The medium according to claim 87, wherein said transmitting the data is initiated upon detecting a voice command via a voice recognition system to provide use with an access to the data. 90. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said transmitting the data via a wireless transmitter includes the procedure of transmitting via a unique identification code to provide a unique location identifier. 91. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said medium further comprises the procedure of initiating communication upon detecting a preprogrammed sound. 92. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said medium further comprises the procedure of initiating communication upon detecting a voice command. 93. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said medium further comprises the procedure of displaying a time elapsed from a mailbox door open time. 94. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said medium further comprises the procedure of storing a mailbox information data packet. 95. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said transmitting the data via a wireless transmitter includes the procedure of transmitting a graphic image corresponding to said mailbox information data packet. 96. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said transmitting the data via a wireless transmitter includes the procedure of transmitting an audio stream corresponding to said mailbox information data packet. 97. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said receiving the data via a wireless receiver includes the procedure of decoding a graphic image corresponding to said mailbox information data packet. 98. The medium according to claim 67, wherein said receiving the data via a wireless receiver includes the procedure of decoding an audio stream corresponding to said mailbox information data packet. 