Highly stable floating platform for measuring surface and subsurface environmental variables. It consists of a main toroidal body, inside of which equipments are installed, mainly on its base, to maintain low and nearby the centers of gravity and of buoyancy, allowing the in situ inspection, maintenance and installation of equipments. One winch in its interior allows the translation of equipment and/or to take water samples, from surface to a user-defined depth, using a cable deployed through the center of the platform, for providing power and communication with the surface to said equipment.
Claims 1. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform adequate for in situ environmental monitoring, over- and under the water surface in shallow zones, comprising a main toroidal body of inner cylindrical cross-section that allows the communication by its inner part, between the free surface and the upper part, with a hollow body with the shape of a truncated cone, with electrical- and electronic equipment, split in its interior in tight compartments which allow the installation of an electrical winch for vertically translating the measuring devices through a coiling element, within a range going from the surface of the water to a depth defined by the length of the installed cable, deployed through the center of the floating platform, which is capable both of supporting at its end the weight of the measuring instruments, and also for supplying them power and communications with surface, the platform having its buoyancy center (1b) and its gravity center (1a) nearby together, and they are similarly maintained. 2. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 1, wherein the hollow truncated cone structure provides support to different components, such as the spring-pulley mechanism of the winch, and profilers, tools, sensors and electrical control systems. 3. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 1, wherein the toroidal main body and hollow truncated cone structure has a tripod structure with a platform adequate for: installing solar panels, atmospheric measuring equipment, beacons, communication equipment for providing a bi-directional wireless linkage, and a source of energy. 4. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 1, wherein the vertical translation speed of the coiling element can be defined according to the measuring needs. 5. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 4, wherein the vertical translation from the coiling element can be stopped at pre-determined intervals and depths. 6. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 5, wherein the coiling element is a mechanical cable. 7. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 5, wherein the coiling element is a hose. 8. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 5, wherein the coiling element is a rope. 9. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 5, wherein the coiling element is an electrical cable. 10. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 5, wherein the coiling element is an electromechanical cable. 11. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according claim 1, wherein the main toroidal body has a chamfer in its bottom part, which improves the stability against the wave action and wild conditions. 12. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 1, wherein the main toroidal body has an inner chamfer, at its bottom part, for decrease the collision of the coiling element or cable from the winch, against the bottom edges, in strong wave action conditions. 13. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 1, wherein one preferred inner volume of the main toroidal body is 3 cubic meters. 14. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 13, wherein said volume allows the generation of the buoyancy and equilibrium necessary for maintaining the platform on an adequate water line, and stable for all the structure and its components, because the buoyancy center (1b) and the gravity center (1a) are nearby together, one above the other and they are similarly maintained. 15. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according claim 13, wherein said volume allows the addition of a weight of 1500 kg in systems and additional components, adequately distributed both in its exterior as well as in its interior. 16. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 11, wherein said external chamfers have at least one eyebolt with chains for mooring the floating platform, spaced 90.degree. from each other relative to the main axis of the platform. 17. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 16, wherein the mooring minimizes the rotation around the main axis of the platform, thus avoiding the tangling of the coiling element handled by the winch, with the mooring chains. 18. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 17, wherein the mooring allows the orientation of the solar panels to the direction of maximum solar radiation. 19. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 3, wherein the generation of electric power for the floating platform is based on an arrangement of photovoltaic panels installed on the tower of the platform, which are interconnected in such a way to achieve a nominal voltage according to the specifications for the system's electrical components. The electric power generated by these panels is sent to the inside of the tight sections, through cables disposed into a channeling that descends on one of the sections forming the tower, and enters to the floating platform main body to reach a power switchgear. 20. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 19, wherein this power is managed by at least one electronic battery charger, storing the power in a bank of batteries of 24V nominal voltage. 21. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 20, wherein the batteries used are 12 V sealed, and the bank consists of at least 4 of them. 22. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 21, wherein each of these batteries is located into one hermetic plastic box having a handle, to ease its transportation and installation, that also protects them against the environmental humidity; the boxes being installed in one of the hermetic compartments of the main body of the floating platform, specifically, in the same compartment where the electrical boards are located. 23. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 22, wherein each of these plastic boxes has a female contact for panel, and there are at least four male flying plugs to connect the batteries with the switchgear by a 2-way cable, where the configuration of the bank of batteries is done inside the switchgear using contact boxes, with a charge regulator, and with the protections and electrical loads of the system. 24. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 23, wherein the floating platform has at least two plastic boards with protection of the degree IP68, both installed inside a hermetic compartment, where one of them is for the installation of power components, one charge regulator for batteries, and electrical protections of the systems, while the second one is devoted to the installation of one high-performance CPU, to command the system and other electronic boards necessary to the operation of the on-board equipment. 25. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 24, wherein this CPU is connected to the other components aboard the platform using two methods: through serial ports/ethernet, and through a Multi I/O card, having the capability to manage a wide variety of analogue- and digital inputs/outputs, in order to provide capabilities for both receiving information, and also for being able to actuate different components, of analogue and also digital nature (relays, motors, actuators, etc.). 26. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 1, wherein the operation of the electric winch can be done in automatic mode through sending commands and also manually, by means of an external pushbutton station. 27. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 26, wherein both operating modes are supervised by a microcontroller having the adequate programming for actuating the winch motor, based on commands received from the CPU, or based on digital inputs originated in the pushbutton station. 28. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 27, wherein said microcontroller activates the control signals for a winch motor driver that allows setting of different operating parameters for the electrical motor, such as acceleration time, deceleration time, maximum speed to reach and sense of rotation, among others. 29. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 28, wherein said motor is of the permanent magnet type, and is coupled through a speed reducer to actuate the winch drum, and three sealed magnetic sensors are used into the winch for feeding back the conditions of its operation: one for setting the lower limit of the cable, one for the upper limit of the cable and the third for counting the revolutions of the drum. 30. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 1, wherein said measuring equipment that is used consists of a submersible multi parameter equipment, capable of obtaining simultaneous readings of different variables, and directly supplying them through a serial port of the type RS232C. 31. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according claim 30, wherein said measuring equipment does not have an internal battery, because the power is supplied through the cable that supports it, and that allows also to establish communications with the surface. 32. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 30, wherein the use of other sensors or measuring and/or water quality analysis instruments will be restricted only to those having a communications method based on a standard protocol that allows the physical connection to the CPU, and the knowledge of the commands for the configuration and consultation of the equipment. 33. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 3, wherein the communications equipment used is an RF transceiver that can provide a transmission power of up to 1 watt, programmed for receiving commands and dispatch messages coming from the system CPU, done through a serial inter phase RS232C, capable of bi-directional communications, point-to-point, or point-to-multipoint, located in the upper part of the floating platform's tower. 34. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 3, wherein the communications equipment uses a GSM modem in its send- and receive SMS mode, or for establishing a point-to-point connection through a telephone access to networks based in conventional telephony. 35. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 3, wherein the communication equipment uses a satellite telephony modem, so that the operating zone is limited only by the availability of satellite service for the location of the platform. 36. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to claim 3, wherein the communications equipment uses GPS or a weather station, having standard- or adaptable to standard communications serial ports, for being directly connected to the main module, where the adequate routines are programmed for consulting the equipments. 37. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to all the above claims, wherein the data obtained from these equipments can be relayed to land through the implemented telemetric wireless link, for their analysis and/or being processed on board of the platform to be taken into account in the control- or programming operation for the system. 38. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according all the above claims, wherein additional data can be obtained through a telemetric link, both from other similar monitoring systems, or also directly inputted by the user, to be included in the decision making about control or programming of the operation of the system. 39. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to all the above claims, wherein the platform can be wirelessly integrated to other complex systems which allow the actuation of components and/or sharing information with external subjects. 40. An autonomous, multipurpose floating platform for environmental monitoring according to all the above claims, wherein the operation, configuration and/or modification of the parameters can be done remotely, through the implemented telemetric wireless link, using the equipment and control software. 