Systems and methods are provided for collecting, aggregating, and analyzing data associated with the installation and deployment of systems. Energy systems, (300) specifically renewable energy generation systems, are used as examples. The aggregated data serve as the basis for a variety of services that facilitate the adoption and deployment of these systems. Services are provided that aid in the modeling and establishment of improved System Performance Guarantee commitments. Additionally, services are provided that improve the system performance, improve the installation, lower the cost, and provide monitoring and service to maintain improved performance.
Claims 1. A computer implemented method for improving a System Performance Guarantee commitment, comprising: using a model of benchmark system response and system performance to generate an expected result of system performance based on said model (200); selecting a coefficient ranging between 0 and 1 (201); calculating the System Performance Guarantee commitment by multiplying said expected result from said model by said coefficient (202); monitoring the system performance and comparing said system performance to the System Performance Guarantee commitment (204-206). 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said system comprises an energy system. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein said system comprises an energy usage system an energy storage system, an energy management system, or an energy generation system. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein said energy generation system comprises a renewable energy generation system. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein said renewable energy generation system comprises a solar energy generation system, a wind turbine energy generation system, a tidal energy generation system, a geothermal energy generation system, or a waste-to-energy system. 6. A system for improving a System Performance Guarantee commitment, comprising: one or more Energy Systems (300); sensors contained within said Energy Systems to monitor said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data; sensors associated with said Energy Systems to measure environmental conditions data (302); a local communications device for communicating said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data onto a network (303); a network capable of transmitting said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data (304); a centralized database capable of receiving and storing said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data (505); a user interface for interacting with said centralized database (306-309, 403, 408, 409); a computer readable medium containing procedures for acting upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data (412-417); and display output devices for displaying the results of said procedure action upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data (306-310, 404, 410). 7. The system of claim 6 wherein said one or more Energy Systems comprise at least one Energy System selected from the group consisting of an energy usage system, an energy storage system, an energy management system, and an energy generation system. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein said energy generation system comprises a renewable energy generation system. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein said renewable energy generation system comprises a solar energy generation system, a wind turbine energy generation system, a tidal energy generation system, a geothermal energy generation system, or a waste to energy system. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein said procedures comprise: procedures for modeling benchmark system response and system performance to generate an expected result of system performance; and procedures for calculating the System Performance Guarantee commitment by multiplying said expected result from said model by a coefficient between 0 and 1. 