A resource management and control system includes real-time visibility to energy and water consumption. The resource management platform is flexible and allows users to create a system to suit their individual needs, and to make changes to that platform as their needs change and new needs arise. The resource management and control system monitors electricity and gas consumption, solar production, and water use in real time. The control system includes a number of wireless access nodes for interfacing with the various systems within a property, and also includes monitoring, diagnostic and alerting capabilities. Billing system integration provides historical data for the cost of resource usage and production relative to time, geography and consumer service level agreements and allows the user the ability to directly correlate consumption behaviors with cost implications. Autonomously operating control processes are incorporated to automatically configure and control devices for optimal resource consumption and application.
Claims 1. A resource management and control system, comprising: a central server having a memory in electrical communication with a computer system, a database within said memory and configured to contain operational instructions for said central server; a control station comprising a home display server, a communication server, and a zigbee/plc server; a plurality of nodes, each said node in communication with said control station through said zigbee/plc server wherein each said node is operably responsive to a control signal from said control station; and a communication network in communication with said central server and said control station wherein said control station is operably responsive to a command from said central server. 2. The resource management and control system of claim 1, wherein the control station further comprises: a central processing unit; a memory in electrical communication with said central processing unit; a database within said memory and configured to contain operational instructions for said central processing unit; a user interface in communication with said central processing unit and said memory, said user interface including a display and a user input device; and a communication server in communication with said communication network to exchange data and instruction signals between said central processing unit and said central server. 3. The resource management and control system of claim 1, further comprising a remote device in communication with said control station through said central server, said control station operatively responsive to a command signal from said remote device. 4. The resource management and control system of claim 1, further comprising external information resources in communication with said central server and selected from the set of: global real-time environmental data; national weather forecasts; historical weather data; utility company energy rate tables; user account data with past charges for water, electric and gas consumption; user real-time geographical location from location services, and peer group analytics. 5. The resource management and control system of claim 1, wherein said nodes further comprises a gas node, said gas node operably connected to said control station and configured to receive command instructions, to receive gas flow sensor data, and to report data to said control station. 6. The resource management and control system of claim 1, further comprising an environmental node, said environmental node operably connected to said control station and configured to receive command instructions, monitor environmental conditions, and to report said environmental conditions to said control station, 7. The resource management and control system of claim 1, further comprising an irrigation node operably connected to said control station and configured to receive command instructions, to receive water flow sensor data, and to report said water flow sensor data to said control station. 8. The resource management and control system of claim 1, further comprising a water node in electrical connection with and operably connected to said control station and configured to receive command instructions, to receive water flow sensor data, and to report said water flow sensor data to said control station. 9. The resource management and control system of claim 1, further comprising a solar node in electrical connection with an inverter configured to receive electrical power from a solar panel and to convert said electrical power to line voltage for use by a circuit breaker panel, and said solar node operably connected to said control station and configured to receive command instructions, to receive solar energy data, and to report said solar energy data to said control station. 10. The resource management and control system of claim 1, further comprising an electric node, said electrical node operably connected to said control station and configured to receive command instructions, to receive electrical energy data, and to report said electrical energy data to said control station. 11. The resource management and control system of claim 10, wherein said electric node further comprises a current sensing coil disposed about an electrical utility input and configured to sense electrical current passing through said electrical utility input. 12. The resource management and control system of claim 11, wherein said current sensing coil is a rogowski coil sensor. 13. The resource management and control system of claim 1, further comprising a vehicle node, said vehicle node operably connected to said control station and configured to receive command instructions, to receive vehicle energy data, and to report said vehicle energy data to said control station. 14. The resource management and control system of claim 1, further comprising a communication network operably connected to said control station and configured to transmit command instructions between said control station and said central server. 15. A resource management and control system, comprising: a central server; a control station comprising a home display server, a communication server, and a local communication server; a plurality of nodes, each said node in communication with said control station through said local communication server wherein each said node is operably responsive to a control signal from said control station; and a communication network in communication with said central server and said control station wherein said control station is operably responsive to a command from said central server. 16. The resource management and control system of claim 15, further comprising: a means to monitor electricity consumption; a means to monitor gas consumption; and a means to monitor water use. 17. The resource management and control system of claim 15, further comprising: a means to monitor high utility consumption devices; and a means to control said high utility consumption devices. 18. The resource management and control system of claim 15, further comprising: a means for providing time-of-use control; and a means for adjusting one or more said node thereby maximizing energy and cost savings when considering the increased energy costs typically charged during peak periods of use. 19. The resource management and control system of claim 15, further comprising: a means to monitor solar production. 20. The resource management and control system of claim 15, further comprising wireless access nodes for interfacing various systems within a property to said control station. 21. The resource management and control system of claim 15, further comprising a means for monitoring said nodes. 22. The resource management and control system of claim 15, further comprising a means for diagnosing the function of said nodes. 23. The resource management and control system of claim 15, further comprising a means for alerting a user of failure of said node. 24. The resource management and control system of claim 15, further comprising a means for integrating a billing system to provide historical data for the cost of resource usage and production relative to time, geography and consumer service level agreements. 25. The resource management and control system of claim 15, further comprising: a means for location services to sense the proximity of a consumer to the control station; and said means for location services configured to control said resource management system to operably control one or more said nodes. 26. The resource management and control system of claim 15, further comprising a means to incorporate autonomously operating control processes, said autonomously operating control processes automatically configure and control devices for optimal resource consumption and application. 