An alerting mechanism is integrated into a physical support device for use in the event of an accident or emergency. The device provides a signal that alerts potential rescuers about emergency events such as man overboard. In one alternative, it uses a pre-programmed code to provide a positive identification of the individual or object involved. In a typical application, a Personal Locator Beacon (PLB) module is incorporated into a secure pocket of a life vest, the vest having at least one conformable antenna sewn into its upper portion as well as connections from the PLB to the antenna. The alerting mechanism may be used in a cooperative system using special receivers that utilize high temperature superconductor (HTS) RF bandpass filters for minimizing RF interference so that low signal levels may be received reliably. The system may also provide access to a database through common interfaces to wireless communications devices, telephone lines, the Internet, and satellites. The system may also use a programmable electromagnetic element on a plastic card, such as a hotel key card, to establish a secure ID for the user that may be updated periodically, even daily as security requirements dictate. Alternatively, the PLB may be operated at RF frequencies common to guard channels operated by the Coast Guard and civilian agencies such as the Civil Air Patrol. The system may provide information on relative positioning with respect to a rescuer or use GPS resources for absolute positioning.
Claims We claim: 1. A recovery system for alerting to an event requiring initiation of recovery efforts, identifying by unique identifier a person or object in need of recovery, providing interim support means for the person or object, and locating the person or object with sufficient accuracy to effect a recovery, comprising: an attachable apparatus that may support the person or object, wherein said attachable apparatus may be suitable for constant wear by the person when engaged in activities that may require moderate physical exertion; a communications device having at least a transmit function; wherein said communications device may be suitable for affixing unobtrusively to said attachable device; and a small, lightweight, low cost receiving sub-system, wherein said receiving sub-system is monitored at least on a guard channel, and wherein said receiving sub-system may provide a timely indication of a need to initiate a recovery effort. 2. The recovery system of claim 1 in which said attachable apparatus is a lightweight article that provides support upon entry into a fluid, wherein said lightweight article may be sufficiently flexible to be worn on the upper torso of the person while said person is engaged in strenuous physical activity or encircle at least part of the object. 3. The recovery system of claim 2 in which said lightweight article may be brightly colored and have light-reflective strips externally integral thereto. 4. The recovery system of claim 1 in which said communications device comprises a personal locator beacon (PLB) module incorporating an RF transmitter that may be manually or automatically activated, at least one antenna, a power source, and operable connections between said transmitter, said power source, and said at least one antenna. 5. The recovery system of claim 4 in which said communications device further comprises a sensor in operable communication with at least said transmitter, wherein said sensor provides an indication of the occurrence of a pre-specified event for use in activating said communications device. 6. The recovery system of claim 4 in which said transmitter comprises an RF transmitter that may operate with an average power output of less than 15 mW. 7. The recovery system of claim 5 in which said pre-specified event is selected from the group consisting of: continuous contact with a fluid, exceeding a predetermined g-force, exceeding a pre-determined angle of attitude, or any combination of the above. 8. The recovery system of claim 4 in which said at least one antenna comprises an antenna conformable in three dimensions, wherein said antenna conformable in three dimensions may be integrated smoothly into the contour of said attachable apparatus, and wherein said antenna conformable in three dimensions permits operation of said automated communications device with said RF transmitter that may have an average output power level of less than 15 mW. 9. The recovery system of claim 4 in which said power source is selected from the group consisting of: at least one battery that may be re-chargeable, at least one solar panel, a manually operated generator, a chemical-mechanical generator, and any combination of the above. 10. The recovery system of claim 9 in which said at least one battery provides a standby life of at least one year and a nominal activated life of 60-84 hours. 11. The recovery system of claim 5 in which said automated communications device further comprises: an encoder at least in operable communication with said RF transmitter; an electromagnetic scanner, at least in operable communication with said encoder, for accepting data via swiping a re-programmable electromagnetically encoded card over said scanner, said encoded card containing information in digital format that may be unique to a person or object; and self-test circuitry that may be in operable communication with any one or all of said RF transmitter, said at least one antenna, said encoder, said sensor, and said power source. 12. The recovery system of claim 1 in which said automated communications device is provided as an integral part of said attachable apparatus, wherein said automated communications device accommodates normal movement of a wearer of said attachable apparatus, and wherein, at least parts of said automated communications device may follow the outer contour of said attachable apparatus, conforming smoothly, and freely flexing with said outer contour. 13. The recovery system of claim 1 in which said receiving sub-system is capable of receiving signals having levels as low as -118 dBm. 14. The recovery system of claim 1 in which said receiving sub-system may be portable and situated on or within supporting structure selected from the group consisting of: a waterborne vessel, a land-based vehicle, an airborne platform, a deep sea oil rig, a fixed buoy, and a fixed ground site. 15. The recovery system of claim 1 in which said receiving sub-system further comprises at least one antenna selected from the group consisting of: a translatable high-gain directional antenna, a directional antenna rotating at a pre-selected rate, and multiple fixed directional antennas, and any combination thereof. 16. The recovery system of claim 11 in which said receiving sub-system further comprises a database entry and alerting function, wherein said database entry is effected through common interfaces selected from the group consisting of interfaces to: wireless communications devices, telephone lines, the Internet, and satellites, and wherein a secure ID system may be associated with said database entry and alerting function, said secure ID system providing for periodic, including daily, changes to a unique code assigned to each said PLB module for identification of said individual or said object associated thereto. 17. The recovery system of claim 16 in which said changes to a unique code within said PLB module may be made via said scanning of said electromagnetically encoded card by said scanner. 18. The recovery system of claim 1 in which said receiving sub-system further comprises high temperature superconductor (HTS) RF bandpass filters, wherein said HTS RF bandpass filters minimize RF interference in said receiving sub-system. 19. A method facilitating recovery of a person or object, comprising: providing temporary support for the person or the object; using a communications device, affixed to said temporary support and incorporating at least one transmitter, to transmit an encoded signal at a average power level of less than 15 mW; alerting resources external to said person or said object to an event requiring initiation of recovery efforts; monitoring to recognize said alerting; identifying, via said encoded signal, the person or object in need of recovery; and locating the person or object with sufficient accuracy to effect the recovery, wherein the location of the person or object may be as provided in either absolute coordinates or as a position relative to a recovery means. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein said event requiring initiation of recovery efforts involves a person or object being separated from a waterborne vessel and being immersed in water. 21. The method of claim 19 wherein said alerting further comprises: providing at least one sensor as an operable part of said communications device wherein said sensor detects the occurrence of a pre-specified event associated with specific environmental characteristics; and pausing during a first period to establish that said pre-specified event has occurred; and upon establishing said occurrence, said sensor activates operation of said communications device, wherein, upon said activation, said at least one transmitter transmits continually for a second period of between one-half hour and one and one-half hours, and wherein during a third period of one to five hours immediately succeeding said second period, said at least one transmitter operates at a duty cycle of between 15% and 35%, and wherein during a fourth period immediately succeeding said third period, said at least one transmitter transmits at a duty cycle of between 5% and 15%. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein said alerting further comprises: said first period of between 10 and 20 seconds, said second period of between 50 minutes and 70 minutes; said third period of between 3.5 hours and 4.5 hours, wherein transmitting during said third period occurs at a duty cycle between 20% and 30%; and said fourth period first occurring at between 4 hours, 20 minutes and 5 hours, forty minutes, wherein transmitting during said fourth period is at a duty cycle between 8% and 12%; wherein said transmitter of said communications apparatus may operate for a total period of between 60 hours and 84 hours. 23. The method of claim 19 wherein said event requiring initiation of recovery efforts involves a person or object being separated from an airborne vehicle. 24. An integral support and alerting system for signaling an event requiring initiation of recovery efforts, identifying by unique identifier a person or object in need of recovery, providing interim support means for the person or object, and providing a signal from which the location of the person or object can be attained with sufficient accuracy to effect a recovery, comprising: an attachable apparatus that may support the person or object, wherein said attachable apparatus may be suitable for constant wear by the person when engaged in activities that may require strenuous physical exertion; and a communications device, having at least a transmit function, for transmitting at least one signal of less than 15 mW average power to a sensitive receiver system; wherein said communications device may be affixed unobtrusively to said attachable device, and wherein, at least parts of said automated communications device may follow the outer contour of said attachable apparatus, conforming smoothly, and freely flexing with said outer contour, and wherein, upon receipt of said signal by a receiver, said at least one signal is processed, and information relayed, as a timely indication of a need to initiate a recovery effort. 25. The integral support and alerting system of claim 24 in which said attachable apparatus is a lightweight article that provides support upon entry into a fluid, wherein said lightweight article may be sufficiently flexible to be worn on the upper torso of the person while said person is engaged in strenuous physical activity or encircle at least part of the object. 26. The integral support and alerting system of claim 25 in which said lightweight article may be brightly colored and have light-reflective strips externally integral thereto. 27. The integral support and alerting system of claim 24 in which said communications device comprises a personal locator beacon (PLB) module incorporating an RF transmitter that may be manually or automatically activated, at least one antenna, a power source, and operable connections between said transmitter, said power source, and said at least one antenna. 28. The integral support and alerting system of claim 27 in which said communications device further comprises a sensor in operable communication with at least said transmitter, wherein said sensor provides an indication of the occurrence of a pre-specified event for use in activating said communications device. 29. The integral support and alerting system of claim 27 in which said transmitter comprises an RF transmitter that may operate with an average power output of less than 15 mW. 30. The integral support and alerting system of claim 28 in which said pre-specified event is selected from the group consisting of: continuous contact with a fluid, exceeding a predetermined g-force, exceeding a pre-determined angle of attitude, or any combination of the above. 31. The integral support and alerting system of claim 27 in which said at least one antenna comprises an antenna conformable in three dimensions, wherein said antenna conformable in three dimensions may be integrated smoothly into the contour of said attachable apparatus, and wherein said antenna conformable in three dimensions permits operation of said automated communications device with said RF transmitter that may have an average output power level of less than 15 mW. 32. The integral support and alerting system of claim 27 in which said power source is selected from the group consisting of: at least one battery that may be re-chargeable, at least one solar panel, a manually operated generator, a chemical-mechanical generator, and any combination of the above. 33. The integral support and alerting system of claim 32 in which said at least one battery provides a standby life of at least one year and a nominal activated life of 60-84 hours. 34. The integral support and alerting system of claim 28 in which said automated communications device further comprises: an encoder at least in operable communication with said RF transmitter; an electromagnetic scanner, at least in operable communication with said encoder, for accepting data via swiping a re-programmable electromagnetically encoded card over said scanner, said encoded card containing information in digital format that may be unique to a person or object; and self-test circuitry that may be in operable communication with any one or all of said RF transmitter, said at least one antenna, said encoder, said sensor, and said power source. 