An autonomous and controllable system of sensors and methods for using such a system of sensors are described.
Claims 1. A sensor system comprising a plurality of unit sensors, each unit sensor comprising: an inner enclosure; an outer enclosure enclosing the inner enclosure, the outer enclosure including at least one sensing device and a controlling device; and a first elastic layer between an outer surface of the inner enclosure and an inner surface of the outer enclosure, wherein each unit sensor is configured to communicate with other unit sensors within the sensor system; and the plurality of unit sensors in the sensor system form a network of sensors. 2. The sensor system of claim 1, wherein each unit sensor is configured to communicate with a base station or a satellite. 3. The sensor system of claim 2, wherein each unit sensor is configured to exchange information, warning signs and command signals from the base station or a satellite. 4. The sensor system of claim 1, wherein the outer enclosure of each unit sensor further comprises at least one energy harvesting tool and at least one internal source of power. 5. The sensor system of claim 4, wherein the at least one energy harvesting tool is configured to harvest energy from ambient resources and store the harvested energy in the at least one internal source of power. 6. The sensor system of claim 4, wherein the at least one energy harvesting tool is a solar cell. 7. The sensor system of claim 4, wherein the at least one internal source of power is a battery and/or a capacitor. 8. The sensor system of claim 7, wherein the battery is a thin film lithium ion battery. 9. The sensor system of claim 1, wherein the at least one sensing device is selected from the group consisting of: MEMS, CMOS panoramic imager, alpha particle X-ray spectrometer, and Raman spectrometer. 10. The sensor system of claim 1, wherein the controlling device in each unit sensor is configured to control movement, communication and energy harvesting of each said unit sensor. 11. The sensor system of claim 2, wherein each unit sensor is configured to be controlled by a command signal received by the controlling device from the base station or satellite. 12. The sensor system of claim 1, wherein each said unit sensor further comprises a second elastic layer between an outer surface of the first elastic layer and the inner surface of the outer enclosure. 13. The sensor system of claim 12, wherein the second elastic layer comprises the controlling device, at least one sensing device, at least one energy harvesting tool and at least one internal source of power. 14. The sensor system of claim 12, wherein the second elastic layer further comprises at least one GPS device. 15. The sensor system of claim 12, wherein the second elastic layer is made of elastomer polymer. 16. The sensor system of claim 15, wherein the elastomer polymer is selected from the group consisting of: TRYMER.RTM. 1800, metallic micro-lattices and aerogel. 17. The sensor system of claim 1, wherein each said unit sensor further comprises one or more tubular rings encircling the inner enclosure, the one or more tubular rings comprising at least one pair of canisters. 18. The sensor system of claim 17, wherein the one or more tubular rings encircling the inner enclosure is made of ETFE covered by polyurea resin. 19. The sensor system of claim 17, wherein a first canister of the at least one pair of canisters is configured to carry isoyanates and a second canister of the at least one pair of canisters is configured to carry polyols. 20. The sensor system of claim 1, wherein the outer enclosure of the unit sensor further comprises at least one tightening ring encircling the inner enclosure, wherein each sensing device of the at least one sensing device is connected to a tightening ring of the at least one tightening ring. 21. The sensor system of claim 20, wherein the at least one tightening ring is laminated on the outer surface of the first elastic layer. 22. The sensor system of claim 20, wherein the at least one tightening ring is made of a material selected from the group consisting of: aluminum, titanium, and carbon fiber. 23. The sensor system of claim 20, wherein: the at least one tightening ring comprises a plurality of unit strands connected to each other through one or more flexible mechanical joints. 24. The sensor system of claim 1, wherein the first elastic layer is made of a material selected from the group consisting of: BoPET (Biaxially-oriented polyethylene terephthalate), highly conductive and elastic conductors made from silver nanoscale wires (nanowires), kapton, ETFE (ethylene tetra fluoro ethylene) or kevlar in combination with carbon nanotubes. 25. The sensor system of claim 1, wherein a plurality of electronics circuitries are printed on an outer surface of the first elastic layer. 26. The sensor system of claim 1, wherein the inner enclosure comprises at least one diffuser capsule. 27. The sensor system of claim 26, wherein the at least one diffuser capsule carries liquid or solid nitrogen inside a chamber. 28. The sensor system of claim 1, wherein the network of sensors is configured to virtually divide an area of interest in a grid comprising a plurality of sub-regions. 29. The sensor system of claim 28, wherein the network of sensors is configured to allocate a priority rank to each sub-region, based on importance of each said sub-region. 30. The sensor system of claim 29, wherein priority rank allocation occurs in real time. 31. The sensor system of claim 30, where the network of sensors is configured to change the priority rank of each said sub-region based on importance of each said sub-region in real time. 32. The sensor system of claim 29, wherein the unit sensors of the plurality of unit sensors are uniformly distributed in a sub-region in terms of number of the unit sensors and available resources. 33. The sensor system of claim 32, wherein the number of the unit sensors of the network of sensors is increased in a sub-region having a higher priority ranking based on a decision of the network of sensors. 34. The sensor system of claim 32, wherein the number of the unit sensors of the network of sensors is decreased in a sub-region having a lower priority ranking based on a decision of the network of sensors. 35. The sensor system of claim 32, wherein the available resources of each said unit sensor are selected from the group consisting of: available memory, available power, and available bandwidth. 36. The sensor system of claim 32, wherein the plurality of uniformly distributed unit sensors in a first sub-region is configured to decide whether to allow or decline a unit sensor in the first sub-region permission to leave the first sub-region or allow or decline a unit sensor of a second sub-region to enter the first sub-region. 37. The sensor system of claim 36, wherein the second sub-region is a neighboring sub-region of the first sub-region. 38. The sensor system of claim 32, wherein the network of sensors is configured to command each unit sensor of the plurality of unit sensors in a sub-region to leave the sub-region. 39. The sensor system of claim 32, wherein the network of sensors is configured to command each unit sensor of the plurality of unit sensors in a sub-region to enter a neighboring sub-region. 40. The sensor system of claim 1, wherein the inner enclosure comprises at least one protective spoke. 41. A method of using the sensor system of claim 1, the method comprising: inflating one or more of the unit sensors, said inflating comprising: releasing isoyanates and polyols between an outer surface of the first elastic layer of the unit sensor and the inner surface of the outer enclosure of the unit sensor by breaking at least one pair of canisters, said least one pair of canisters being attached to one or more tubular rings encircling the inner enclosure of the unit sensor; releasing an inert gas inside the inner enclosure by breaking at least one diffuser capsule in the inner enclosure; inflating the inner enclosure with the inert gas; and expanding at least one tightening ring, the at least one tightening ring being laminated on the outer surface of the first elastic layer. 42. A method of using the sensor system of claim 1 for cleaning oil spillage in sea or water, the method comprising: deploying the plurality of unit sensors into an area of sea or water with oil spillage; releasing polyurethane foam between an outer surface of the first elastic layer and the inner surface of the outer enclosure of one or more unit sensors of the plurality of unit sensors by breaking at least one pair of canisters, wherein the at least one pair of canisters is attached to one or more tubular rings encircling the inner enclosure; soaking the polyurethane foam with bioremediation bacteria or chemical dispersants by breaking the one or more tubular rings; and breaking down the oil in water to droplets by making contact with the polyurethane foam soaked with the bioremediation bacteria or the chemical dispersants. 43. A method of using the sensor system of claim 2 for detecting landmines or surface-mines, the method comprising: deploying the plurality of unit sensors in an area of interest; scanning the area of interest using the plurality of unit sensors deployed in the area of interest; mapping land mine or surface-mine location in the area of interest by communication between said unit sensors in the area; and sending a map of the landmine or surface-mine location to the base station or satellite. 44. The method of claim 43, wherein the plurality of unit sensors is configured to explode the landmines or the surface-mines. 45. A method of using the sensor system of claim 1 in maritime communication, the method comprising: deploying the plurality of unit sensors in an area of interest at sea; and adopting radiofrequency (RF) signaling by said unit sensors to communicate with each other and with submarines, ships, aircraft or satellite in the area of interest. 46. The method of claim 45, wherein each unit sensor is configured to be located underwater through shape change. 47. A method of using the sensor system of claim 2 for monitoring agricultural lands, the method comprising: deploying the plurality of unit sensors in an area of interest; measuring one or more of air temperature, humidity, soil temperature, moisture in soil, atmospheric pressure, solar radiation, ultraviolet radiation, wind vane, luminosity, anemometer, and pluviometer, using at least one sensing device at the outer enclosure, thus acquiring one or more measurements; and sending the one or more measurements to said unit sensors in the area of interest and to the base station or satellite. 48. A method of using the sensor system of claim 1 for spreading chemicals or other desired materials on flat agricultural lands, the method comprising: deploying the plurality of unit sensors into an area of interest; releasing polyurethane foam between an outer surface of the first elastic layer and the inner surface of the outer enclosure of one or more unit sensors of the plurality of unit sensors by breaking at least one pair of canisters, wherein the at least one pair of canisters are attached to one or more tubular rings encircling the inner enclosure; soaking the polyurethane foam with chemicals or other desired materials by breaking the one or more tubular rings; and spreading the chemicals or other desired materials on land by making contact with the polyurethane foam soaked with the chemicals or other desired materials. 49. A method of using the sensor system of claim 2 for detecting minerals, the method comprising: deploying the plurality of unit sensors in an area of interest; scanning the area of interest using the plurality of unit sensors deployed in the area of interest; mapping minerals location in the area of interest by communication between said unit sensors in the area; and sending a map of the minerals location to the base station or satellite. 50. A method of using the sensor system of claim 2 for detecting gas leakage, the method comprising: deploying the plurality of unit sensors in an area of interest; scanning the area of interest using the plurality of unit sensors deployed in the area of interest; mapping gas leakage location in the area of interest by communication between said unit sensors in the area; and sending a map of the gas leakage location to the base station or satellite. 51. A method of using the sensor system of claim 2 for detecting chemical pollutant on sea, the method comprising: deploying the plurality of unit sensors in an area of interest at sea; scanning the area of interest using the plurality of unit sensors deployed in the area of interest; mapping chemical pollutant location in the area of interest by communication between said unit sensors in the area; and sending a map of the chemical pollutant location to the base station or satellite. 52. A method of using the sensor system of claim 2 for detecting topography of ice in an arctic region, the method comprising: deploying the plurality of unit sensors in an area of interest at the Arctic region; scanning the area of interest using the plurality of unit sensors deployed in the area of interest; mapping ice topography in the area of interest in the Arctic region by communication between said unit sensors in the area; and sending a map of the ice topography to the base station or satellite. 53. A method of using the sensor system of claim 2 for weather conditions in an arctic region, the method comprising: deploying the plurality of unit sensors in an area of interest; measuring at least one of air temperature, humidity, ice temperature, atmospheric pressure, solar radiation, and ultraviolet radiation, using at least one sensing device at the outer enclosure, thus obtaining one or more measurements; and sending the one or more measurements to said unit sensors in the area and to the base station or satellite. 54. A method of using the sensor system of claim 2 for detecting earthquakes, the method comprising: deploying the plurality of unit sensors in an area of interest; measuring vibrations of the sensors, using at least one sensing device at the outer enclosure; generating a pattern of vibration by communication between said unit sensors in the area; sending the pattern of vibration to the base station or satellite; and comparing the pattern of vibration with other patterns of vibration saved in the base station of satellite indicating earthquake. 