Circulation systems for ponds, lakes, or other bodies of water using a flotation platform, dish, and impeller. One embodiment has a connecting arrangement between the drive motor and the impeller that permits the two to be easily and quickly coupled and uncoupled. The connecting arrangement also is designed to accommodate slight misalignments between the shafts. An arrangement to adjust and calibrate the depth of the inlet to the draft tube is disclosed. The system further includes solar panels that can be pivotally swung outwardly to open positions, angularly adjusted about a horizontal axis, and mounted to face toward the central axis of the flotation platform rather than away from it. Arrangements are further provided to monitor and control the components of the system including remotely from shore.
Claims We claim: 1. A circulation system for a body of water, said system including a flotation platform extending about a substantially vertical first axis, a dish, an impeller, and a drive motor operably connected to the impeller, said system further including at least one solar panel for supplying power to the drive motor, said solar panel being mounted to said floatation platform for pivotal movement relative thereto about a substantially vertical second axis spaced from the first vertical axis of said flotation platform between at least first and second positions. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said solar panel has first and second side portions and said second axis is adjacent one side portion thereof. 3. The system of claim 2 wherein the other side portion of said solar panel is spaced farther from the first axis of said flotation platform in said second position than in said first position. 4. The system of claim 2 wherein said solar panel extends above and substantially over said dish in said first position. 5. The system of claim 4 wherein the other side portion of said solar panel is spaced farther from the first axis of said flotation platform in said second position than in said first position and extends horizontally outwardly in said second position beyond the dish. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein said solar panel is selectively lockable in said first position. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein said solar panel is mounted for movement relative to a third axis (152) substantially perpendicular to said second axis (141). 8. The system of claim 7 wherein said solar panel has a substantially planar face (136) and movement of said solar panel about said third axis (152) adjusts the angle (A) of the planar face to a horizontal plane (H). 9. The system of claim 1 further including at least a second panel spaced from said one panel about said first axis of said flotation platform. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein said one solar panel faces toward the first axis of said flotation platform in said first position. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein said second solar panel faces away from the first axis of said flotation platform. 12. The system of claim 11 further including at least a third solar panel facing away from the first axis of said flotation platform, said three solar panels being at least part of a plurality of solar panels substantially evenly spaced from each other about said first axis. 13. A circulation system for a body of water, said system including a flotation platform extending about a substantially vertical first axis (13), a dish, an impeller, and a drive motor operably connected to the impeller, said system further including at least one solar panel for supplying power to the drive motor, said solar panel having a main body with a substantially planar face (136) and a support arrangement for mounting the main body of said solar panel to said flotation platform for movement relative to a second axis (152) spaced from and substantially perpendicular to said first axis (13) of said flotation platform to adjust the angle (A) of the planar face to a horizontal plane (H), the main body of said solar panel having side portions (140',142') and said support arrangement including members (158) respectively adjacent the side portions of the main body of said solar panel, said support arrangement for the main body of the solar panel further including first and second slotted tracks (155,157) in at least one of said members (158) extending away from each other at an obtuse angle (B), the main body of said solar panel having at least two pins (159) on at least one side portion thereof, said pins being respectively received in said first and second slotted tracks wherein movement of the main body of said solar panel relative to said support arrangement moves said pins along said slotted tracks to adjust the angle of the planar face of said solar panel relative to said horizontal plane. 14. A method for operating a circulation system for a body of water, said method including the steps of: (a) providing a flotation platform, a dish, and an impeller, and (b) providing a drive motor operably connected to said impeller to selectively rotate said impeller about an axis in first and second opposite directions. 15. The method of claim 14 further including the step of reversing the direction of rotation of the impeller at predetermined time intervals. 16. The method of claim 14 further including the step of monitoring the power draw of the drive motor and reversing the direction of rotation of the impeller in response to a predetermined change in said power draw. 17. The method of claim 14 further including the step of monitoring the rotational rate of the impeller about said axis and reversing the direction of rotation of the impeller in response to a predetermined change in said rate of rotation. 18. A method for remotely monitoring operation of a circulation system for a body of water, said method including the steps of: (a) providing system components including a flotation platform, a dish, an impeller, and a drive motor connected to said impeller to rotate said impeller about an axis, (b) monitoring at least one operational characteristic of the components of step (a), and (c) electronically transmitting at least said one monitored operational characteristic to a location remote from the components of step (a). 19. The method of claim 18 further including the step of controlling at least one operational characteristic of at least one of the components of step (a) from a location remote from the components of step (a). 20. The method of claim 19 further including the limitation of remotely controlling said one operational characteristic by an electronic transmission. 21. The method of claim 20 wherein said one operational characteristic is the rotational direction of the impeller about an axis. 22. The method of claim 20 wherein said system further includes at least one solar panel with a substantially planar face adjustably positionable at an angle to a substantially horizontal plane and said one operational characteristic is the angle of said planar face to the horizontal plane. 23. A method for operating a circulation system for a body of water to aid in reducing surface plant growth, said method including the steps of: (a) providing a flotation platform, a dish, and an impeller, and (b) operating the impeller for an extended period of time of at least about a day to draw water and plant growth adjacent the surface of the body of water downwardly through the impeller into the depths of the body of water and outwardly of the flotation platform. 