A sensor unit comprising a heat resistant shell, the shell having a plurality of viewing windows spaced around the shell exterior to define a 360.degree. view around the unit, each viewing window being optically coupled to an infrared pyroelectric sensor and an infrared thermopile sensor, the interior of the shell defining a chamber containing at least two different smoke detectors, the shell having ventilation holes communicating with the chamber and temperature sensors mounted on the unit, the shell housing at least one printed circuit board coupled to the sensors and detectors and supporting a computer and radio transmitter, and a rechargeable power source powering the printed circuit board.
Claims 1. A sensor unit comprising a heat resistant shell, the shell having a plurality of viewing windows spaced around the shell exterior, each viewing window being optically coupled to a sensor within the shell that optically senses fire, the interior of the shell defining a chamber containing at least one smoke detector, and a temperature sensor mounted on or in the unit, the shell housing a radio transmitter arranged to transmit signals actuated by one or more of the fire sensor, smoke detector or temperature sensor. 2. The sensor unit according to claim 1 wherein the fire sensor, smoke detector and temperature sensor are coupled to a printed circuit board supporting a computer arranged to transmit signals from the radio transmitter. 3. The sensor unit according to claim 2 wherein a solar panel is secured to the exterior of the sensor unit to recharge a power source powering the printed circuit board. 4. The sensor unit according to claim 1 wherein four windows are equally spaced around the shell. 5. A sensor unit according to claim 1 including an adjustable pulsing means to switch on the sensors and detectors at predetermined intervals. 6. The sensor unit according to claim 1 wherein an anemometer is secured to the unit to measure the direction and speed of wind outside the unit. 7. A sensor unit comprising a heat resistant shell, the shell having a plurality of viewing windows spaced around the shell exterior to define a 360.degree. view around the unit, each viewing window being optically coupled to an infrared pyroelectric sensor and an infrared thermopile sensor, the interior of the shell defining a chamber containing at least two different smoke detectors, the shell having ventilation holes communicating with the chamber and temperature sensors mounted on the unit, the shell housing at least one printed circuit board coupled to the sensors and detectors and supporting a computer and radio transmitter, and a rechargeable power source powering the printed circuit board. 8. A system to monitor and detect fires comprising a plurality of sensors according to claim 1 electronically coupled in a network to provide a signal indicating the presence and location of a fire in real time. 9. The system according to claim 8 wherein the network includes a command center. 