A safety indicator monitors environment conditions detrimental to humans e.g., hazardous gases, air pollutants, low oxygen, radiation levels of EMF or RF and microwave, temperature, humidity and air pressure retaining a three month history to upload to a PC via infra red data interface or phone link. Contaminants are analyzed and compared to stored profiles to determine its classification and notify user of an adversity by stored voice messages from, via alarm tones and associated flashing LED, via vibrator for silent operation or via LCD. Environmental radiation sources are monitored and auto-scaled. Instantaneous radiation exposure level and exposure duration data are stored for later readout as a detector and dosimeter. Scans for EMF allow detection with auto scaling of radiation levels and exposure durations are stored for subsequent readout. Electronic bugs can be found with a high sensitivity EMF range setting. Ambient temperature measurements or humidity and barometric pressure can be made over time to predict weather changes. A PCS RF link provides wireless remote communications in a first responder military use by upload of alarm conditions, field measurements and with download of command instructions. The link supports reception of telemetry data for real time remote monitoring of personnel via the wrist band for blood pressure, temperature, pulse rate and blood oxygen levels are transmitted. Commercial uses include remote environmental data collection and employee assignment tasking. GPS locates personnel and reporting coordinates associated with alarm occurrences and associated environmental measurements.
Claims 1. A system for intelligently monitoring, detecting and evaluating hazardous situations around and within a person comprising: a portable personal safety indicator for carrying on the person, the portable personal safety indicator receiving inputs for determining environmental status about the person and transmitting signals; a signaling system within the portable personal safety indicator including a CPU in communication with the portable personal safety indicator, the signaling system CPU capable of monitoring, recording and reporting information received from portable personal safety indicator inputs; a sensor unit in the portable personal safety indicator including a plurality of sensors communicating with the signaling system to provide multiple and frequent environmental status updates; a radio signal positioning system in communication with the portable personal safety indicator, and a central station or an external computer for receiving communications of the radio signal positioning system, the central station for processing information related to identification of environmental hazardous situations and providing preferred escape or safety instructions to the portable personal safety indicator. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein a portable power circuit is in the portable personal safety indicator to operate the signaling system. 3. The system of claim 2 wherein at least one of each plurality of sensors includes transducers for temperature, gases, radioactivity, EMF radiation, and other hazards not readily available to human senses. 4. The system of claim 2 wherein at least one of the plurality sensors includes a camera for monitoring the vicinity proximate the sensor unit that includes the visible and invisible radiation sensitive monitor 5. The system of claim 2 wherein at least one of the plurality of sensors includes a microphone for monitoring audio information proximate the sensor unit. 6. The system of claim 2 wherein at least one of the plurality sensors includes a speaker to project audio warnings in the vicinity proximate the sensor unit. 7. The system of claim 2 wherein at least one of the plurality of sensors includes a display screen to provide visual information in the vicinity proximate the sensor unit. 8. The system of claim 2 wherein the portable personal safety indicator includes standardized connections for connection to an external power source and communications circuits for recharging the portable power circuit and for linking to the central station or the external computer. 9. The system of claim 2 wherein each of the plurality sensors connect to the CPU to provide timed input to a memory therein for recording the history of environmental hazards. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein the one of the plurality of the sensors receives signals from earth orbiting satellites in the Global Positioning System. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein communications with the portable personal safety indicator are provided with one or more of the following communications analog, digital or light-wave technologies. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein the communication is PCS RF link wireless remote communications via PCS cell phone technology communication technology for selectively receiving and transmitting between each portable personal safety indicator and any other or the central station. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein the selective receiving and transmitting is associated with specific radio identification for each portable personal safety indicator. 14. The system of claim 11 further comprising a central station information processing system for receiving and transmitting to each, some or all portable personal safety indicators and for processing information from each, some or all of the plurality of sensor units. 15. The system of claim 14 wherein the central station information processing system includes the CPU with hardware and permanent and programmable software. 16. The system of claim 14 wherein the central station information processing system has and operates through system algorithms. 17. The system of claim 16 wherein the system algorithms include logic and allow calculations. 18. The system of claim 14 wherein communication between portable personal safety indicators and a central station information CPU are accomplished via radio signals amongst the portable personal safety indicators or with the central station. 19. The system of claim 14 wherein the central station information processing system is in communication with telephone including "911" and emergency responders. 20. The central station of claim 1 includes redundant geographically dispersed backup arrangements. 21. The system of claim 20 wherein the geographically dispersed back-up arrangements include one or more satellite located central stations. 22. The system of claim 20 wherein the one or more satellite located central stations are solar powered and each functions totally independently of any other back-up arrangements. 23. The system of claim 20 wherein any central station communicates with other central stations on a frequent and timed basis for updating inputs from personal portable safety indicators. 24. A portable personal safety indicator for monitoring, detecting, evaluating and recording hazardous situations about and within a person comprising: a device compact for carrying on the person, the device receiving inputs for monitoring conditions about and within the person and generating signals relative thereof; a portable power circuit within the device for energizing the device; a signaling system within the device for warning at least the person, the signaling system including electronic, physical, audible or visual output for the person; one or more sensors responsive to at least one or more of the ambient and physiological conditions about or within the person, the one or more sensors sensitive to at least levels of hazardous gases, ionizing radiation levels, electro magnetic radiation including RF and microwave transmissions, unsafe temperature, humidity and air pressure, and a CPU in the device energized by the portable power circuit, the CPU positioned for receiving information from the one or more sensors, the CPU capable of monitoring, recording and reporting information received from the one or more sensors as inputs, the CPU connected to the signal system for providing output on ambient and physiological conditions about and within the person including changes thereof indicative of hazardous conditions. 25. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 24 wherein the one or more sensors in the device are arranged to provide multiple and frequent ambient and physiological status updates as the output from the signaling system. 26. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 25 wherein the one or more sensors check levels of hazardous conditions not readily recognized by the senses of the person including air pollutants, smoke and exhaust fumes, low oxygen levels, adverse radiation levels and ambient conditions of unsafe temperature, humidity and air pressure against acceptable ranges set within the CPU. 27. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 26 wherein an oxygen sensor monitors constantly ambient oxygen levels and oxygen level measurements are made by CPU core as A/D conversions of the measured current analog voltage value received from oxygen sensor. 28. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 25 wherein the one or more sensors on a wrist band check hazardous conditions not readily recognized by the senses of the person including blood pressure, heart rate, blood oxygen and temperature unsafe against acceptable ranges set within the CPU. 29. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 25 wherein at least one of the sensors includes a microphone for monitoring audio information proximate the sensor unit. 30. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 25 wherein at least one of the sensors includes a speaker to project audio warnings in the vicinity proximate the portable personal safety indicator. 31. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 30 wherein a display screen is provided to provide visual information accessible to the person. 32. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 25 wherein the portable power circuit is rechargeable via connection to an external power source. 33. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 25 wherein the CPU provides timed input to a memory therein for recording the history of ambient and physiological conditions. 34. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 24 wherein the one of sensors receives signals from earth orbiting satellites in the Global Positioning System. 35. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 25 wherein communications with the device are provided with one or more of the following communications analog, digital, RF or light-wave technologies. 36. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 24 comprising a central station information processing system for receiving and transmitting to each, some or all devices and for processing information from each. 37. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 36 wherein PCS RF link provides wireless remote communications via PCS cell phone technology for receiving and transmitting and includes specific identifications for each device. 38. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 36 wherein the communications are for selectively receiving and transmitting between each device and any other or the central station. 39. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 36 wherein the central station information processing system includes a CPU with hardware and permanent and programmable software. 40. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 36 wherein the central station information processing system has and operates through system algorithms. 41. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 40 wherein the system algorithms include logic and allow calculations. 42. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 38 wherein the portable personal safety indicator CPU indudes normalization lookup tables for the input measurements from each of the sensors for, barometric pressure, temperature, humidity, oxygen, RF RMS, gas associated characteristic individual response curves to identify air borne contaminants, the lookup tables data determine in real time and perform threat assessment of current environmental conditions. 43. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 38 wherein a single component micro-controller contains non volatile memory for storage of operating parameters, calibration values and lookup tables used by embedded code, and single component micro-controller contains read, write memory is used during embedded code program execution. 44. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 31 the speaker, display or both is capability for providing, information, news or entertainment there through. 45. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 24 wherein the CPU has a core that includes non volatile memory. 46. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 24 wherein the portable power circuit includes a rechargeable battery, capacitor, manually activated generator or solar for having maximum portability. 47. The portable personal safety indicator of claim 30 wherein a menu for selectively operating the portable personal safety indicator is included in the display. 48. A method for operating a portable personal safety indicator for monitoring, detecting, evaluating and recording hazardous situations about and within a person, the method having the steps of: having the portable personal safety indicator near the person; receiving inputs via one or more sensors for monitoring conditions about and within the person and generating signals relative thereof; energizing the indicator with a portable power circuit; warning at least the person with a signaling system; receiving information as inputs from the one or more sensors in a CPU capable of monitoring, recording and reporting information, and providing output from the CPU on ambient and physiological conditions about and within the person including changes thereof indicative of hazardous conditions. 49. The method of claim 48 with the step of having multiple and frequent ambient and physiological status updates as the output from the signaling system. 50. The method of claim 48 with the step of checking hazardous conditions not readily recognized by the persons senses including air pollutants, smoke and exhaust fumes, low oxygen levels, adverse radiation levels and ambient conditions of unsafe temperature, humidity and air pressure against acceptable ranges set within the CPU. 51. The method of claim 48 with the step of monitoring physiological conditions not readily recognized by the senses of the person including one or more sensors on a wrist band blood pressure, heart rate, blood oxygen and temperature unsafe against acceptable ranges set within the CPU. 52. The method of claim 48 with the step of supplying at frequent intervals hazard and physiological information to the person by vibration, visually or by audio signals. 53. The method of claim 48 with the step of having a speaker to project audio warnings in the vicinity proximate the portable personal safety indicator. 54. The method of claim 48 with the step of having a display screen to provide visual information accessible to the person. 55. The method of claim 48 with the step of including rechargeable batteries in the portable power circuit that can be recharged by connection to an external power source. 56. The method of claim 48 with the step of having the CPU receive timed input to a memory therein for recording the history of ambient and physiological conditions. 57. The method of claim 48 with the step of having a PCS RF link for wireless remote communications via PCS cell phone technology for receiving and transmitting and includes specific identifications for each indicator. 58. The method of claim 48 with the step of selectively receiving and transmitting between each indicator and any other or a central station. 59. The method of claim 48 with the step of using of stored parameters based on the knowledge and resources of experienced technical person in fields relating to emergency situations including fire fighting, toxic fume detection, earthquake physics, human tolerance to radiation, gases, temperature and medical problems detectable from changes in surrounding conditions and/or monitored bodily physiology to aid in protecting the person. 60. The method of claim 48 with the step of monitoring continuously environment exposures including hazardous gases, elevated levels of other air pollutants including smoke and exhaust fumes, low oxygen levels, ionizing radiation levels, adverse radiation levels of Electro Magnetic Radiation "EMF", radiation including RF and microwave transmissions, unsafe temperature, humidity and air pressure. 61. The method of claim 60 with the step of maintaining a three month user history of all exposure levels and duration for uploading to a PC via infra red data interface and for reporting functions. 62. The method of claim 48 with the steps of analyzing and comparing to stored contaminant profiles in normalization lookup tables to determine what family classification of contaminant is present when assessing a threat to the environment. 63. The method of claim 48 with the steps of monitoring, detecting and alerting of environmental radiation sources by auto-scaling used to get the instantaneous radiation exposure level and exposure duration data for storage and later readout for auto scaling radiation detection and dosage with excellent measurement bandwidth. 64. The method of claim 48 with the steps of providing EMF detection and metering EMF dosage by scanning continuously for EMF, in the frequency range of approximately 100 khz to 20 ghz at levels of 1 nano watt to 10 watts RMS/cm.sup.2 with an accuracy of .+-.10% and auto scaling with circuitry to accurately detect RMS EMF radiation levels and exposure durations for storage and subsequent readout. 65. The method of claim 49 with the steps of measuring ambient temperature, humidity and barometric pressure and monitoring EMF for spikes over time and using software for predicting hazardous weather changes as an indicator of danger to the person. 66. The method of claim 65 with the steps of providing accurate gas sensor self calibration by using ambient data of oxygen, temperature, humidity and pressure for normalizing gas sensor with real-time measurement of environmental variables readings. 67. The method of claim 48 with the steps of monitoring automatically the environment for dangerous air born gases and other air pollutants, detecting, classifying up to several hundred different toxic gases, and notifying the user of environmental problems. 68. The method of claim 67 with the steps of monitoring continuously the environment for ambient oxygen levels, radiation sources for indicating radiation detection and radiation dosage, scanning continuously for electro magnetic radiation, EMF radiation and EMF Dosimeter, electronic bugs including RF transmitters, microphones and cameras. 69. The method of claim 48 with the step of having the indicator near the person includes wearing by the person externally or in a carrier leaving plugged into an AC wall outlet or attaching to a vehicle dash or by hand held use. 70. The method of claim 66 with the step of using electrochemical cells as gas sensors sensitive to environmental variations including temperature, humidity, barometric pressure and ambient oxygen levels. 71. An auto-scaling detector dosimeter comprising, a sensor for monitoring radiation in an environment, the sensor producing signals indicative of the radiation sensed over time; a variable gain amplifier first stage integrator connected to receive signals indicative of the radiation sensed over time from the sensor, the variable gain amplifier including a CPM counter clock having frequency and comparator reference voltage; an integrated pulse comparator coupled to the variable gain amplifier first stage integrator; an adjustment circuit for reading pulses from the integration pulse comparator and determining when pulses indicative of the radiation sensed over time reach maximum length for the current gain setting of variable gain first stage integrator amplifier, the adjustment circuit coupled to control the variable gain amplifier first stage integrator by repeatedly decreasing the gain and adjusting the CPM counter clock frequency and comparator reference voltage to prevent topping out of the variable gain amplifier first stage so the receive pulse signals indicative of the radiation sensed over time are within current scale settings, the adjustment circuit thus automatically making order of magnitude adjustments that force the range of the variable gain amplifier first stage integrator to hover centrally about its current gain/output setting. 72. The auto-scaling detector dosimeter of claim 71 wherein adjustment circuit readjusts the variable gain amplifier first stage integrator, CPM counter clock frequency and comparator reference voltage to a decaying or increasing signals indicative of the radiation sensed over time prior to establishment of a new scaling factor. 73. The auto-scaling detector dosimeter of claim 71 wherein the adjustment circuit includes an auto-scaling algorithm for monitoring signals indicative of the radiation sensed over time, the auto-scaling algorithm adjusts the analog gain of the variable gain amplifier first stage integrator, CPM counter clock frequency and comparator reference voltage preventing a continuous high or low pulse from the integration pulse comparator based on a moving average of the signals indicative of the radiation sensed over time. 74. The auto-scaling detector dosimeter of claim 71 wherein the sensor includes a pin photodiode with a large surface area for a depletion region created by reverse biasing the pin photodiode so collisions of radioactive particles produce an associated charge increase therein proportion to the energy imparted from the particle. 75. An auto-scaling detector dosimeter comprising, a sensor for monitoring EMF in an environment, the sensor producing signals indicative of the EMF sensed over time; a difference amplifier connected to receive signals indicative of the EMF sensed over time from the sensor, the difference amplifier responsive to receive signals versus a current gain setting and to produce an output indicative of the gain; an adjustment circuit for reading the output of the difference amplifier and determining when the EMF sensed over time reach maximum analog voltage for the current gain setting, the adjustment circuit coupled to control the difference amplifier by repeatedly decreasing the gain and adjusting the difference amplifier voltage to prevent topping out of the difference amplifier so the receive signals indicative of the EMF sensed over time are within current scale settings, the adjustment circuit thus automatically making order of magnitude adjustments that force the range of the difference amplifier to hover centrally about its current gain/output setting. 76. The auto-scaling detector dosimeter of claim 75 wherein the sensor includes an array of tuned micro-strip antennas coupled to a wideband RF amplifier and the difference amplifier output for the signals indicative of the radiation sensed over time from the EMF detector. 