A security and tracking apparatus includes at least a first signaling unit and a second signaling unit, wherein the apparatus is adapted for transmitting the location of each signaling unit when the first and second signaling units are separated by more than a preselected distance. A method to locate a person, animal, or object, includes providing in contact with or at least in close proximity to the person, the animal, or the object, at least a first signaling unit and a second signaling unit, wherein each respective signaling unit is adapted for identifying the location of the signaling units and for transmitting the location of the signaling units when the first and second signaling units are separated more than a preselected distance; and activating the signaling units to transmit the location of the signaling units.
Claims We claim: 1. A security and tracking apparatus comprising at least a first signaling unit and a second signaling unit, wherein each of the at least first signaling unit and the second signaling unit are adapted to operate in a non-alarm mode within a proximity of a preselected distance to each other respective signaling unit and the apparatus is adapted for identifying the location of each respective signaling unit and for transmitting the location of each respective signaling unit when the first and second signaling units are separated by more than the preselected distance. 2. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 1, wherein the transmitting of the location of the respective signaling units is automatically activated when the first and second signaling units are separated by more than the preselected distance. 3. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 1, wherein the apparatus is adapted for receiving an initiating signal for activating the transmission of information identifying the location of the signaling units. 4. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 1, wherein the apparatus is adapted for communicating with a wireless network. 5. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least one of the signaling units is adapted to be hidden. 6. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 1, wherein the apparatus is adapted for communicating with at least one of the global positioning satellite (GPS) system or low earth orbit satellites. 7. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 1, wherein the apparatus is adapted for communicating with at least one of a cellular network, a satellite network, a mesh network, a local network, local sensors, or a wireless network. 8. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least one of the signaling units is in a passive mode when said signaling units are in communicating proximity. 9. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least one said signaling unit is small enough to be able to be hidden in a wearable article. 10. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 9, wherein at least one said signaling unit is incorporated into at least one of an article of clothing, a shoe, a watch, a wristband, a bracelet, an identification card, an article of jewelry, a hair accessory, eyeglasses, and an animal collar. 11. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least one said signaling unit is incorporated into at least one of a molded article, an extruded article, and a sewn article. 12. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least one signaling unit is incorporated into at least one of a credit card, a wallet, a checkbook, a purse, a cellular phone, a pager, a motor vehicle, a boat, an aircraft, a television, a radio, a stereo, a tape player, a compact disc player, a DVD player, an MP3 player, a VCR, a camera, a movie camera, a computer, a printer, a laptop or notebook computer, a PDA or PocketPC, a briefcase, a suitcase, a backpack, a bank bag, a weapon, an article of clothing, an article of jewelry, and an article of artwork. 13. A security and tracking system comprising at least a first signaling unit and a second signaling unit, wherein each of the at least first signaling unit and the second signaling unit are adapted to operate in a non-alarm mode within a proximity of a preselected distance to each other respective signaling unit and each respective signaling unit is adapted for identifying the location of said respective signaling unit and for transmitting the location of said respective signaling unit when the first and second signaling units are separated by more than the preselected distance; and a monitoring station capable of receiving information identifying the location of said signaling units. 14. The security and tracking system of claim 13 wherein the monitoring station comprises a computer. 15. The security and tracking system of claim 13, wherein said monitoring station is adapted for transmitting information identifying the location of the signaling units from the monitoring station to a remote receiver. 16. The security and tracking system of claim 15, wherein the monitoring station is adapted for communication selected from the group consisting of at least one of radio, the internet, a telephone network, a cellular network, a wireless network, a mesh network, a local network, local sensors, television, and satellite. 17. The security and tracking system of claim 15, wherein the location of the remote receiver is one of a law enforcement agency facility, a law enforcement vehicle, an emergency response vehicle, and an emergency care facility. 18. The security and tracking system of claim 13 wherein the monitoring station comprises at least one of a cellular phone, a pager, a PDA or PocketPC, a computer, or a combination thereof. 19. The security and tracking system of claim 13, wherein the respective said signaling units are adapted for communicating with the global positioning satellite (GPS) system. 20. The security and tracking system of claim 13, wherein the respective said signaling units are adapted for communicating with at least one of a cellular network, a satellite network, a mesh network, a local network, local sensors, or a wireless network. 21. A method to locate a person, animal, or object, comprising: (a) providing in contact with or at least in close proximity to the person, the animal, or the object, at least a first signaling unit and a second signaling unit, wherein each respective said signaling unit is adapted for identifying the location of said respective signaling unit and for transmitting the location of said respective signaling unit when the first and second signaling units are separated more than a preselected distance; and (b) activating the signaling units to transmit the location of the signaling units. 22. The method of claim 21, including automatically activating the transmission of the location of the signaling units when said signaling units are separated by more than the preselected distance. 23. The method of claim 21, including initiating the transmission of information identifying the location of the signaling units upon receiving instructions from a remote source. 24. The method of claim 21, including signaling the units from a monitoring station to initiate the transmission of information identifying the location of the signaling units. 25. The method of claim 21, including activating at least one of the signaling units to initiate the transmission of information identifying the location of the signaling unit. 26. The method of claim 21, including receiving the location of the signaling units from the global positioning satellite (GPS) system. 27. The method of claim 21, including operating at least one of the signaling units in a passive mode when said signaling units are in communicating proximity. 28. The method of claim 21, including continuously transmitting the information identifying the location of at least one of the signaling units. 29. The method of claim 21, including intermittently transmitting the information identifying the location of at least one of the signaling units. 30. The method of claim 21, including transmitting in an encrypted form the information identifying the location of the signaling units. 31. The method of claim 21, including transmitting the information identifying the location of the signaling units to a monitoring station. 32. The method of claim 31, including transmitting the information identifying the location of the signaling units from the monitoring station to a remote receiver. 33. The method of claim 32, including transmitting additional information from the monitoring station to a remote receiver. 34. The method of claim 33, including transmitting the description of the person, the animal, or the object from the monitoring station to a remote receiver. 35. The method of claim 32, including transmitting the information identifying the location of the signaling units from the monitoring station to a remote receiver using communication selected from the group consisting of radio, the internet, a telephone network, a cellular network, a wireless network, a mesh network, a local network, local sensors, television, and satellite. 36. The method of claim 21, wherein at least one signaling unit is small, and wherein providing said signaling unit includes hiding said small unit in a wearable article. 37. A method of locating a person, animal or object comprising: a) providing an apparatus adapted to be in contact with or at least in close proximity to the person, the animal or the object, the apparatus comprising at least a first signaling unit and a second signaling unit, wherein each respective said signaling unit is adapted for identifying the location of said respective signaling unit and for transmitting the location of said respective signaling unit when the first and second signaling units are separated by more than a preselected distance; b) communicating between each said respective signaling unit to determine whether said signaling units are separated by more than the preselected distance; and c) upon determining that said signaling units are separated by more than the preselected distance, transmitting the location of the signaling units to a monitoring station, optionally activating said signaling unit that may be in a passive mode to transmit its location to the monitoring station. 38. The method of claim 37 including transmitting the location of the signaling units, and optionally, additional information, to a remote receiver. 39. The method of claim 37 including communicating between each signaling unit at least periodically. 40. The method of claim 37 including communicating between each signaling unit continuously. 41. The method of claim 37 including communicating between each signaling unit upon demand from the monitoring station. 42. The method of claim 37 including transmitting the location of the signaling units upon demand from the person. 43. The method of claim 37 including logging the location of the signaling units in a database associated with the identification and optionally other information associated with the person, the animal or the object. 44. The method of claim 37 including identifying the location of said respective signaling unit using at least one of a GPS receiver, a wireless receiver, or a cellular receiver. 45. The method of claim 37 including transmitting the location of said signaling units using at least one of a cellular transceiver or a wireless transceiver. 46. The method of claim 37 including monitoring a physical function for transmitting a signal associated with an emergency condition. 47. The method of claim 37 including transmitting the location of said respective signaling unit to the monitoring station upon loss of communication with the other signaling unit. 48. A method of locating a person, animal or object comprising: a) providing an apparatus adapted to be in contact with or at least in close proximity to the person, the animal or the object, the apparatus comprising at least a first signaling unit and a second signaling unit, wherein the second signaling unit is in proximity with the first signaling unit, each respective said signaling unit adapted for identifying the location of said respective signaling unit and for transmitting the location of said respective signaling unit; b) transmitting the location of each of the signaling units to a monitoring station; c) calculating whether said signaling units are separated by more than a preselected distance; and d) upon calculating that said signaling units are separated by more than the preselected distance, initiating at least frequent or continuous transmission of location from each of said signaling units, optionally activating said signaling unit that may be in a passive mode to transmit its location to the monitoring station. 49. The method of claim 48 including transmitting the location of the signaling units, and optionally, additional information, to a remote receiver. 50. The method of claim 48 including transmitting the location of each of the signaling units to the monitoring station upon demand from the monitoring station. 51. The method of claim 48 including transmitting the location of the signaling units upon demand from the person. 52. The method of claim 48 including transmitting the location of at least one said signaling unit to the monitoring station upon demand from the monitoring station upon loss of transmission from the other signaling unit. 53. The method of claim 48 including logging the location of the signaling units in a database associated with the identification and optionally other information associated with the person, the animal or the object. 54. The method of claim 48 including identifying the location of said signaling units using at least one of a GPS receiver, a wireless receiver, or a cellular receiver. 55. The method of claim 48 including transmitting the location of said signaling units using at least one of a cellular transceiver or a wireless transceiver. 56. The method of claim 48 including monitoring a physical function for transmitting a signal associated with an emergency condition. 57. A security and tracking apparatus for a person, an animal or an object comprising at least a first signaling unit and a second signaling unit adapted to be hidden in contact with or in close proximity to the person, the animal or the object, wherein each respective said signaling unit is adapted for identifying the location of said respective signaling unit and for transmitting the location of said respective signaling unit when the first and second signaling units are separated by more than a preselected distance. 58. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 57 wherein each respective said signaling unit is adapted to transmit the location of said respective signaling unit to a monitoring station under at least one of the following conditions: a) automatically when the first and second signaling units are separated by more than a preselected distance, b) upon demand from the monitoring station, c) upon demand from the person, d) upon loss or absence of communication from the other signaling unit, or e) upon preselected intervals; wherein the monitoring station optionally comprises a cellular phone, a pager, a PDA or PocketPC, a computer, or a combination thereof. 59. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 57, wherein each respective said signaling unit has a low power RF transceiver for communication with the other signaling unit. 60. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 57, wherein at least one said signaling unit is incorporated into at least one of an article of clothing, a shoe, a watch, a wristband, a bracelet, an identification card, an article of jewelry, a hair accessory, eyeglasses, and an animal collar. 61. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 57, wherein at least one signaling unit is incorporated into at least one of a credit card, a wallet, a checkbook, a purse, a cellular phone, a pager, a motor vehicle, a boat, an aircraft, a television, a radio, a stereo, a tape player, a compact disc player, a DVD player, an MP3 player, a VCR, a camera, a movie camera, a computer, a printer, a laptop or notebook computer, a PDA or PocketPC, a briefcase, a suitcase, a backpack, a bank bag, a weapon, an article of clothing, an article of jewelry, or an article of artwork. 62. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 57, wherein at least one signaling unit is incorporated into a watch. 63. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 57, wherein at least one signaling unit is incorporated into a cellular phone. 64. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 57, wherein at least one signaling unit is incorporated into a pager. 65. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 57, wherein at least one signaling unit additionally comprises a monitoring station adapted to generate a signal to notify the person of the other signaling unit being separated by more than a preselected distance. 66. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 57, wherein at least one signaling unit additionally is adapted to monitor and report at least one physical condition of the person. 67. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 57, wherein said signaling units are powered by a power source selected from the group consisting of rechargeable battery, replaceable battery, piezoelectric device, fuel cell, microelectromechanical system (MEMS), micro engine, turbine chip, solar cell, kinetic power device, or combinations thereof. 68. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 67, wherein power and data are transmitted through a common interface. 69. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 57, wherein the location of at least one said signaling unit is transmitted directly to a remote receiver. 70. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least one said signaling unit has a coating comprising a metallic character that comprises an antenna. 71. The method of claim 48 wherein said calculating is processed by at least one said signaling unit. 72. The method of claim 48 wherein said calculating is processed by the monitoring station. 73. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least one said signaling unit is capable of at least one secondary operation, optionally including at least one of recording, receiving, or transmitting video signals or audio signals, disabling a firearm, or disabling a motor vehicle. 74. The security and tracking apparatus of claim 71, wherein said at least one secondary operation is automatically activated when the first and second signaling units are separated by more than a preselected distance. 