A system for sensing the amplitude and phase of an RF current flowing in an antenna element of a directional antenna system that uses a sampling device such as a current sample loop that is connected to an antenna monitor with fiber optic cable. The system uses an interface at the current sample loop on each of the antenna elements to convert an RF current sample to an optical signal. The fiber optic cable transmits the optical signal to the antenna monitor where it is converted back to an electrical signal for appropriate phase and amplitude comparison with the RF currents sampled from other antenna elements in the directional antenna system.
Claims 1. A system for sensing current in an antenna, comprising: a current sensor configured to produce an electrical signal that is proportional to an amplitude and phase of a current flowing in the antenna; a current-to-light converter for converting the electrical signal produced by the current sensor into an optical signal; and a fiber optic cable for carrying the optical signal to an antenna monitor. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the current sensor is a current sense loop that is positionable adjacent the antenna such that transmissions from the antenna induce a current in the current sense coil that is proportional to the amplitude and phase of the current flowing in the antenna. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the current-to-light converter for converting the electrical signal produced by the current sensor includes an amplifier and a light source that produces an optical signal with an intensity proportional to the amplitude of the electrical signal produced by the current sensor. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the current-to-light converter includes an analog-to-digital converter that produces a digital code with a value that represents the electrical signal produced by the current sensor. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the current-to-light converter includes a modulator circuit that produces an optical signal having a frequency and/or phase that varies in proportion to the electrical signal produced by the current sensor. 6. The system of claim 1, further including a power supply for the current-to-light converter that is powered by electrical power delivered to the antenna. 7. The system of claim 1, further including a battery for powering the current-to-light converter. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the battery is rechargeable. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the battery is rechargeable by a solar panel mountable on the antenna. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein the battery is rechargeable from the electrical signal produced by the current sensor. 11. The system of claim 10, further comprising a battery charging circuit and a switch for selectively directing the electrical signal to the current-to-light converter or to the battery charging circuit. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the switch is responsive to a light signal received on a second optical fiber to direct the electrical signal to the battery charging circuit or the current-to-light converter. 13. A system for sensing current in an antenna, comprising: means for sensing an amplitude and phase of a current flowing in the antenna; means for converting the sensed current into an optical signal; and a fiber optic cable for carrying the optical signal to an antenna monitor. 