Systems and methods are provided for collecting, aggregating, and analyzing data associated with the installation and deployment of systems. Energy systems, (300) specifically renewable energy generation systems, are used as examples. The aggregated data serve as the basis for a variety of services that facilitate the adoption and deployment of these systems. Services are provided that aid in the sales and marketing of the systems. The services may demonstrate the monitoring of the systems, detection of a decrease in performance, implementation of troubleshooting routines, and a return of proper system performance. The services may convert the energy generation capabilities for a particular geographic area, reduced service and management time, fast response time, and ability to provide system guarantees into a monetary value to the potential Customer.
Claims 1. A computer implemented method for improving the sales and marketing process, comprising: connecting an installed System to a central database via a network (200); collecting original data comprising at least one of System Identification Data, System Configuration Data, System Installation Data, System Performance Data, or System History Data (201); entering said original data into said central database (202); establishing System Performance metrics based on said original data (203); aggregating said original data held within said central database (204); representing said System Performance metrics as a monetary value (205); transmitting non-optimum system parameters to said system via said network (206); detecting the decrease in System Performance metrics of said system and demonstrating this capability to a potential Customer (207); representing said decrease in System Performance metrics as a decrease in said monetary value (208); and implementing a troubleshooting routine and transmitting system parameters to said system via said network so that said System Performance metrics to the previous level and demonstrating this capability to said potential Customer (209-210). 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said System comprises an energy system. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein said energy system comprises an energy usage system an energy storage system, an energy management system, or an energy generation system. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein said energy generation system comprises a renewable energy generation system. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein said renewable energy generation system comprises a solar energy generation system, a wind turbine energy generation system, a tidal energy generation system, a geothermal energy generation system, or a waste-to-energy system. 6. A system for improving the sales and marketing process, comprising: one or more Energy Systems (300); benchmark system performance metrics generated by a model of said Energy Systems; sensors contained within said Energy Systems to monitor said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data; sensors associated with said Energy Systems to measure environmental conditions data (302); a local communications device for communicating said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data onto a network (303); a network capable of transmitting said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data (304); a centralized database capable of receiving and storing said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data (305); a user interface for interacting with said centralized database (306-309, 403, 408, 409)); a computer readable medium containing procedures for acting upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data (412-417); and output devices for displaying the results of said procedure action upon said Energy Systems settings and performance attributes data and said environmental conditions data (306-310, 404, 410). 7. The system of claim 6 wherein said one or more Energy Systems comprise at least one Energy System selected from the group consisting of an energy usage system, an energy storage system, an energy management system, and an energy generation system. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein said energy generation system comprises a renewable energy generation system. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein said renewable energy generation system comprises a solar energy generation system, a wind turbine energy generation system, a tidal energy generation system, a geothermal energy generation system, or a waste-to-energy generation system. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein said procedures comprise: procedures for establishing system performance metrics; procedures for comparing said system performance metrics to said benchmark system performance metrics generated by said model; procedures for representing said system performance metrics as a monetary value; procedures for transmitting non-optimum settings to said Energy System via said network; procedures for detecting a decrease in system performance metrics; procedures for representing said decrease in system performance metrics as a decrease in said monetary value; procedures for initiating a troubleshooting routine; and procedures for transmitting proper settings to said Energy System via said network. 11. The system of claim 9 wherein said procedures comprise: procedures for establishing system performance metrics in a potential Customer's geographic area; and procedures for representing said system performance metrics as a monetary value. 