A product includes a vehicle battery, capable of being charged using solar energy, a plurality of photovoltaic cells, arranged in at least one of series or parallel, forming an array that produces a self-regulated voltage and current for charging the vehicle battery using solar energy, and an electrical connection linking the array to the vehicle battery.
Claims 1. A product comprising: a vehicle battery capable of being charged using solar energy; a plurality of photovoltaic cells, arranged in series, parallel, or series and parallel forming an array that produces a self-regulating voltage and current for charging the vehicle battery using solar energy; and an electrical connection linking the array to the vehicle battery. 2. The product as set forth in claim 1, wherein the vehicle battery is adapted to be removable from the vehicle. 3. The product as set forth in claim 1, wherein the electrical connection includes a switch, and wherein the switch disengages the array from the vehicle battery after the voltage measured at the terminals of the vehicle battery exceeds a first predetermined voltage value. 4. The product as set forth in claim 3, wherein the switch engages the array to the vehicle battery if the voltage measured across the terminals of the vehicle battery falls below a second predetermined voltage value. 5. The product as set forth in claim 1, further comprising a blocking diode or a zener diode that is electrically linked to the vehicle battery. 6. The product as set forth in claim 1, wherein the array produces a maximum power point voltage that substantially equals a set point voltage of the vehicle battery. 7. A product comprising: a battery capable of being charged with solar energy; a plurality of photovoltaic cells arranged in series, parallel, or series and parallel according to the voltage and power of each photovoltaic cell, forming an array capable of charging the battery, wherein the voltage and current drawn from the array are controlled by the charge of the battery; and an electrical connection linking the array to the battery. 8. The product set forth in claim 7, wherein the battery is a vehicle battery adapted to be removed from the vehicle. 9. The product set forth in claim 7, wherein the battery is a stationary battery. 10. The product as set forth in claim 7, further comprising: an electrolysis unit powered by the array, wherein the electrolysis unit is capable of generating hydrogen; a hydrogen storage tank for storing the hydrogen generated by the electrolysis unit; and a control system for selectively directing power from the array to the battery, the electrolysis unit, or to both at the same time. 11. The product as set forth in claim 10, wherein the optimum operating voltage of the electrolysis unit and the set point voltage of the battery are the same and are equal to the maximum power point voltage of the array. 12. The product set forth in claim 9, further comprising a vehicle battery electrically linked to the stationary battery, wherein the stationary battery applies a charge to the vehicle battery. 13. The product set forth in claim 7, wherein the battery accepts a direct current voltage input greater than 150 volts. 14. The product set forth in claim 12, wherein the capacity of the stationary battery is greater than the capacity of the vehicle battery. 15. The product set forth in claim 12, further comprising: a first charge control device electrically linking the array with the stationary battery, wherein the first charge control device regulates the voltage and current generated by the photovoltaic cells and conveys the voltage and current to the stationary battery; and a second charge control device electrically linking the stationary battery and the vehicle battery, wherein the second charge control device regulates the voltage and current generated by the stationary battery and conveys the voltage and current to the vehicle battery. 16. The product set forth in claim 15, wherein the first charge control device and the second charge control device are direct current to direct current converters and further comprise at least one of a solid state inverter, a transformer, or a rectifier. 17. The product set forth in claim 15, wherein the vehicle battery is linked to the second charge control device via a plug attached to a vehicle. 18. The product set forth in claim 15, wherein the first charge control device regulates the voltage and current applied to the stationary battery by sensing that the voltage of the stationary battery is below the set point voltage of the stationary battery and increasing the current applied to the stationary battery. 19. The product set forth in claim 15, wherein the first charge control device regulates the voltage and current applied to the stationary battery by sensing that the stationary battery voltage is above a stationary battery set point voltage and reducing the amount of current applied to the stationary battery and holding the stationary battery voltage substantially constant. 20. The product set forth in claim 15, wherein the second charge control device regulates the voltage and current applied to the vehicle battery by sensing that the voltage of the vehicle battery is below the set point voltage of the vehicle battery and increasing current applied to the vehicle battery. 21. The product set forth in claim 15, wherein the second charge control device regulates the voltage and current applied to the vehicle battery by sensing that the voltage of the vehicle battery is above a set point voltage of the vehicle battery and reducing the amount of current applied to the vehicle battery and holding the voltage of the vehicle battery substantially constant. 22. A product comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cells, arranged in series, parallel, or series and parallel forming an array that produces a self-regulating voltage and current for charging the vehicle battery using solar energy; a first battery capable of storing electric energy generated by the plurality of photovoltaic cells, wherein the first battery is substantially stationary; a first link electrically connecting the plurality of photovoltaic cells and conveying the self-regulating voltage and current from the plurality of photovoltaic cells to the first battery; a second battery mounted on a vehicle capable of receiving charge from the first battery; and a second link electrically connecting the first battery and the second battery, wherein the first battery applies a charge to the second battery through the second link. 23. The product as set forth in claim 22, wherein the second battery is adapted to be removable from the vehicle. 24. The product as set forth in claim 22, wherein the first link includes a switch, and wherein the switch disengages the array from the first battery after the voltage measured at the terminals of the first battery exceeds a first predetermined voltage value. 25. The product as set forth in claim 24, wherein the switch engages the array to the first battery if the voltage across the terminals of the first battery falls below a second predetermined voltage value. 26. The product as set forth in claim 22, wherein the second link includes a switch, and wherein the switch disengages the first battery from the second battery after the voltage measured at the terminals of the second battery exceeds a first predetermined voltage value. 27. The product as set forth in claim 26, wherein the switch engages the first battery to the second battery if the voltage measured across the terminals of the second battery falls below a second predetermined voltage value. 28. The product as set forth in claim 22, wherein the array produces a maximum power point voltage that substantially equals a set point voltage of the first battery. 29. The product set forth in claim 22, further comprising a charge control device connecting the array with the first battery. 30. The product set forth in claim 22, further comprising a charge control device connecting the first battery with the second battery. 31. The product as set forth in claim 29, wherein the charge control device is a direct current to direct current converter and further comprises at least one of a solid state inverter, a transformer, or a rectifier. 32. The product as set forth in claim 29, wherein the charge control device uses sensors capable of monitoring the first battery to provide input to a charge regulator controlling the charge rate and set point of the vehicle battery. 33. A product comprising: an array of photovoltaic cells capable of charging a battery arranged in series, parallel, or series and parallel according to the voltage and power of each photovoltaic cell, wherein the array produces a maximum power point voltage that substantially equals a set point voltage of the vehicle battery; a first battery remaining in a substantially stationary position capable of receiving a charge from the array; a second battery mounted in a vehicle capable of receiving a charge from the first battery; an electrolyzer for producing hydrogen, wherein the hydrogen is stored in tanks adjacent to the electrolyzer or on the vehicle; and a control system for selectively directing the energy generated by the array to the first battery, the second battery, the electrolyzer, or an electric grid. 34. A method comprising: (a) determining a set point voltage of a vehicle battery; (b) calculating a photovoltaic power to charge the vehicle battery; (c) establishing the number of photovoltaic cells to be electrically connected in series by determining maximum power point voltage per photovoltaic cell and dividing the set point voltage by the maximum power point voltage per photovoltaic cell; (d) establishing the number of photovoltaic cells to be electrically connected in parallel by determining the photovoltaic power per cell and dividing the photovoltaic power by the photovoltaic power per cell; (e) arranging a plurality of photovoltaic cells in an array according to the established number of photovoltaic cells in series and the established number of photovoltaic cells in parallel; and (f) electrically linking the array to the vehicle battery in order to charge the vehicle battery to the set point voltage using solar energy. 35. A method comprising: (a) determining a set point voltage of a vehicle battery; (b) determining an operating voltage of an electrolysis system; (c) calculating a photovoltaic power for charging the vehicle battery and generating hydrogen; and (d) forming an array of photovoltaic cells arranged in series, parallel, or series and parallel according to the set point voltage of the vehicle battery and the operating voltage of an electrolysis system. 36. The method of claim 35 wherein step (d) further comprises: (i) determining a maximum power point voltage per photovoltaic cell; (ii) establishing the number of photovoltaic cells electrically connected in series by dividing the sum of the set point voltage of the vehicle battery and the operating voltage of the electrolysis system by a maximum power point voltage per photovoltaic cell; (iii) establishing the number of photovoltaic cells to be electrically connected in parallel by determining a photovoltaic power per cell and dividing the sum of the photovoltaic power required to charge the battery and operate the electrolysis system by the photovoltaic power per cell; (iv) arranging a plurality of photovoltaic cells in the array according to steps (ii) and (iii); and (v) electrically linking the array to the vehicle battery and the electrolyzer. 