A method of detecting radiological substances on a surface comprises coating the surface with a coating containing an indicator material that produces UV emissions and monitoring the coating to detect the radiological substances. A UV viewer can be used for monitoring the coating to detect the radiological substances. The invention also provides a coating that includes an indicator material carried by the coating that provides an indication of the radiological substances.
Claims 1. A coating for a surface for the detection of radiological substances, comprising: a coating adapted to be operatively connected to the surface, and an indicator material carried by said coating that provides an indication of the radiological substances, wherein said indicator material includes Barium Fluoride. 2. A coating for a surface for the detection of radiological substances, comprising: a coating adapted to be operatively connected to the surface, and an indicator material carried by said coating that provides an indication of the radiological substances, wherein said indicator material includes Calcium Silicate. 3. A coating for a surface for the detection of radiological substances, comprising: a coating adapted to be operatively connected to the surface, and an indicator material carried by said coating that provides an indication of the radiological substances, wherein said indicator material includes "BAM" (BaMg.sub.2Al.sub.16O.sub.27:Tl.sup.+). 4. A coating for a surface for the detection of radiological substances, comprising: a coating adapted to be operatively connected to the surface, and an indicator material carried by said coating that provides an indication of the radiological substances, wherein said indicator material includes Lutetium Aluminum Garnet. 5. A method of detecting radiological substances on a surface, comprising the steps of: coating the surface with a coating containing an indicator material that produces UV emissions, and monitoring said coating to detect the radiological substances. 6. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 5 wherein said step of coating the surface with a coating containing an indicator material comprises coating the surface with phosphor materials. 7. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 5 wherein said step of coating the surface with a coating containing an indicator material comprises coating the surface with scintillator materials. 8. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 5 wherein said step of coating the surface with a coating containing an indicator material comprises coating the surface with garnet UV phosphor or scintillator materials. 9. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 5 wherein said step of coating the surface with a coating containing LuAG doped with Scandium. 10. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 5 wherein said step of coating the surface with a coating containing an indicator material comprises coating the surface with garnet UV phosphor or scintillator materials produced by a citrate process. 11. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 5 wherein said step of coating the surface with a coating containing an indicator material comprises coating the surface with garnet UV phosphor or scintillator materials produced by a precipitation process. 12. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 5 wherein said step of monitoring said coating to detect the radiological substances comprises monitoring said coating with a solar blind detector. 13. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 5 wherein said step of monitoring said coating to detect the radiological substances comprises monitoring said coating with a UV viewer. 14. The method of detecting radiological substances on a surface of claim 5 including the step of recording an optical image of the area of the radiological substances. 15. An apparatus for the detection of a radiological contaminated area on a surface wherein alpha or beta radiation is produced by the radiological contaminated area, comprising: a coating adapted to be operatively connected to the surface, said coating containing phosphor/scintillator particles that causes UV emissions when the alpha or beta radiation from the contaminated area strike the phosphor/scintillator particles and provide an indication of the alpha or beta radioactively contaminated area, and an UV viewer for detecting said UV emissions when the alpha or beta radiation from the contaminated area strikes the phosphor/scintillator particles. 16. The apparatus for the detection of a radiological contaminated area, of claim 15 wherein said phosphor/scintillator particles include garnet UV phosphor or scintillator materials. 17. The apparatus for the detection of a radiological contaminated area, of claim 15 wherein said phosphor/scintillator particles include light emitting materials with luminescence in the 200-280 nm range. 18. The apparatus for the detection of a radiological contaminated area, of claim 15 wherein said phosphor/scintillator particles include LuAG doped with Scandium. 19. The apparatus for the detection of a radiological contaminated area, of claim 15 wherein said phosphor/scintillator particles include Barium Fluoride. 20. The apparatus for the detection of a radiological contaminated area, of claim 15 wherein said phosphor/scintillator particles include Calcium Silicate. 21. The apparatus for the detection of a radiological contaminated area, of claim 15 wherein said phosphor/scintillator particles include "BAM" (BaMg.sub.2Al.sub.16O.sub.27:Tl.sup.+). 22. The apparatus for the detection of a radiological contaminated area, of claim 15 wherein said phosphor/scintillator particles include Lutetium Aluminum Garnet. 