A system and method for an integrated rechargeable power system for a container monitoring and security system is provided. The power system is affixed to a container and comprises an integrated photovoltaic area conforming to the container construction, a battery pack module, power conditioning circuitry or recharge unit, and a power controller unit. The photovoltaic unit may be a conventional photovoltaic crystalline cell array, or a photovoltaic coating with is applied to the walls, door, or roof of a container.
Claims 1. An integrated rechargeable power system for providing long term power for container electronics in a container monitoring system comprising: an integrated photovoltaic area conforming to a container construction; a battery pack module; a power conditioning circuit or recharge unit; a power controller unit. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the power controller unit performs multiple functions including; monitoring of remaining power of the system; controlling activation and deactivation of system elements; controlling recharging parameters of said battery pack module, the recharging parameters including recharge time, rates, and limits; maintaining a log of the recharge history in non-volatile internal memory; notifying a central monitoring station in the event that the photovoltaic panel is not providing sufficient power to allow the recharging of said battery pack module in a timely manner such that the current date may be transmitted back to a central hub station and a maintenance-call may be scheduled. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic area comprises pre-manufactured photovoltaic crystalline cell array strips affixed only to the recessed corrugated horizontal, vertical, or angular portions of the container roof, walls, or door. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic area comprising an integrated photovoltaic material is applied to areas of the container roof, walls, or door using thin film application technology conforming to the container construction. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the photovoltaic thin film is a spray coating of a Copper Indium Diselenide or Cadmium Telluride photovoltaic or other material that has similar photovoltaic properties. 6. The system of claim 4, wherein the photovoltaic area comprising several layers includes: a steel or other reinforcement material layer designed for wall strength; a dielectric layer providing electrical isolation from the reinforcement layer; a photovoltaic layer which may act as the power source. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the power conditioning circuitry or recharge unit allows voltage and current generated from said photovoltaic area to recharge said battery pack module. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the battery pack module comprises one or more batteries suitable for rechargeable operation connected in series or parallel. 9. A method for affixing or application of the photovoltaic area, wherein the photovoltaic area is constructed into a portion of a container, the portion of the container comprising a container top, side walls, or door of the container, or flat wall construction. 