A photovoltaic system includes multiple strings of solar panels and a device presenting a DC load to the strings of solar panels. Output currents of the strings of solar panels may be sensed and provided to a computer that generates current-voltage (IV) curves of the strings of solar panels. Output voltages of the string of solar panels may be sensed at the string or at the device presenting the DC load. The DC load may be varied. Output currents of the strings of solar panels responsive to the variation of the DC load are sensed to generate IV curves of the strings of solar panels. IV curves may be compared and analyzed to evaluate performance of and detect problems with a string of solar panels.
Claims 1. A method of automatically generating and analyzing solar cell current-voltage (IV) curves, the method comprising: sensing current generated by a first string of solar panels in a plurality of strings of solar panels, each string of solar panels in the plurality of strings of solar panels comprising a plurality of serially-connected solar panels, each solar panel in the plurality of serially-connected solar panels comprising a plurality of serially-connected solar cells mounted on a same frame; and sensing current generated by a second string of solar panels in the plurality of strings of solar cells, wherein sensing current in the first and second strings of solar panels comprises sensing current with a sensing device comprising a first field sensor adapted to sense current in the first string of solar panels and a second field sensor adapted to sense current in the second string of solar panels. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the sensing device comprises a field sensor for each string of the plurality of strings of solar panels. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the first field sensor comprises a Hall Effect field sensor. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising receiving a control signal from a control device with the sensing device, wherein receiving the control signal comprises receiving a signal using a communication port of the sensing device. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein sensing current in the first and second strings of solar panels comprises powering the first and second field sensors using power from the communication port. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising providing a response signal to the control device from the sensing device using the communication port. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising: sensing voltage generated by the first string of solar panels; sensing solar insolation of the first string of solar panels; and automatically generating a first IV curve of the first string of solar panels, the first IV curve indicating voltage generated by the first string of solar panels versus corresponding current generated by the first string of solar panels over a first period of time. 8. The method of claim 7, further comprising evaluating performance of the first string of solar panels by comparing the first IV curve to another IV curve. 9. A sensing device comprising: a first current sensor adapted to non-invasively detect the current of a wire; a second current sensor adapted to non-invasively detect the current of a wire; a control device adapted to control the first and second field sensors; and a communications port controlled by the control device and adapted to receive and transmit signals and to receive power, wherein the first and second field sensors are powered by power from the communications port. 10. The sensing device of claim 9, wherein the first current sensor comprises a Hall Effect field sensor. 11. The sensing device of claim 9, wherein the control device is adapted to selectively provide power to the first current sensor independently from selectively providing power to the second current sensor. 12. The sensing device of claim 9, wherein the sensing device comprises twelve Hall Effect field sensors. 13. The sensing device of claim 9, further comprising an A-D converter coupled to the first and second current sensors. 14. The sensing device of claim 9, wherein the communications port comprises a RS-485 compatible port. 15. A photovoltaic panel string monitoring system comprising: a first string of solar panels comprising a plurality of solar panels connected in series; a second string of solar panels comprising a second plurality of solar panels connected in series; a combiner box connecting the first and second strings of solar panels; and a sensing device comprising first and second current sensors, the first current sensor adapted to determine a first current in the first string of solar panels and the second current sensor adapted to determine a second current in the second string of solar panels. 16. The photovoltaic panel string monitoring system of claim 15, wherein the sensing device is positioned within the combiner box. 17. The photovoltaic panel string monitoring system of claim 15, wherein the first string of solar panels comprises a first wire extending through the first current sensor and the second string of solar panels comprises a second wire extending through the second current sensor. 18. The photovoltaic panel string monitoring system of claim 15, wherein the sensing device comprises a communications port, the sensing device adapted to draw power from the communications port to operate the first and second current sensors. 19. The photovoltaic panel string monitoring system of claim 15, further comprising an inverter, the inverter adapted to receive power from the first and second pluralities of solar panels through the combiner box. 20. The photovoltaic panel string monitoring system of claim 15, wherein the first and second current sensors are adapted to detect current in the first and second strings of solar cells in a non-invasive manner. 