The present invention relates to methods of sanitizing structures, buildings, passenger occupiable vehicles, and other enclosed or enclosable spaces. More particularly, the present invention relates to a method for killing and/or removing pests and their allergens, bacteria, viruses, fungi, molds, volatile organic compounds and other dangerous substances, from such objects or enclosures.
Claims 1. A method for treating an enclosed structure at least partially contaminated with microorganisms, insects or undesirable chemical substances, or having objects therein contaminated with microorganisms, insects or undesirable chemical substances, comprising the steps of: heating air within the enclosed structure to a predetermined temperature of between 100 degrees F. to 400 degrees F. to cause the microorganisms, insects or chemical substances in the structure to be destroyed or migrate into the air; monitoring the temperature in the enclosed structure; and moving at least a portion of the heated air within the enclosed structure at a speed of at least 30 feet per minute. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the monitoring the temperature step includes the step of disposing a wireless temperature probe at a predetermined location relative to the enclosed structure. 3. The method of claim 1, including the step of passing the heated air through a filter, air scrubber or incinerator. 4. The method of claim 3, including the step of recirculating the heated air through the filter, air scrubber or incinerator and the enclosed structure. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the moving air step includes the step of positioning a plurality of fans to create a cyclone of wind within the enclosed structure. 6. The method of claim 1, including the step of monitoring or controlling the moisture content of the air. 7. The method of claim 1, including the step of monitoring the level or airborne contaminants within the enclosed structure. 8. The method of claim 1, including the step of establishing a pressure within the enclosed structure and monitoring the pressure within the enclosed structure. 9. The method of claim 1, including the step of introducing a biocide, pesticide or fungicide into the enclosed structure. 10. The method of claim 1, including the step of introducing a desiccant fatal to bed bugs into the enclosed structure. 11. The method of claim 1, including the step of introducing pyrethroids fatal to bed bugs into the enclosed structure. 12. The method of claim 1, including the step of introducing sorptive dust into the enclosed structure. 13. The method of claim 1, including the step of introducing silica air gel into the enclosed structure. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the enclosed structure comprises at least a portion of a human occupiable vehicle or building or an enclosed plant. 15. The method of claim 1, including the step of determining the location of the microorganisms, insects or undesirable chemical substances. 16. The method of claim 15, including the step of using a gas chromatograph, an electronic nose, or a canine to determine the location of the microorganisms, insects or undesirable chemical substances. 17. The method of claim 1, including the step of placing a chemical compound in or immediately outside of the enclosed structure which acts synergistically with the heat to kill the microorganisms or insects, remove the chemical substances or dry the structure. 18. The method of claim 1, wherein the undesirable chemical substance is water, and including the step of removing the water and drying the structure or object within the structure. 19. The method of claim 18, including the step of monitoring the moisture content of the air or an object in the enclosed structure. 20. The method of claim 18, including the step of dehumidifying air within the structure. 21. The method of claim 1, including the step of using a device that heats the air, filters the air and monitors the temperature. 22. The method of claim 1, wherein the heating step is conducted using an electric heater, a solar energy system, an electromagnetic wave generator, a hydronic system, or a radiant heating system. 23. The method of claim 1, including the step of removing odor, VOC, or MVOC chemical substances from the structure or object within the structure. 24. The method of claim 1, wherein the heating step includes the step of applying steam to at least a portion of the structure. 25. The method of claim 1, including the step of utilizing a first type of heat generation device during an initial heating phase, and a second type of heat generation device during a latter heating phase. 26. The method of claim 1, including the step of cleaning at least a contaminated portion of the structure before the heating step. 27. The method of claim 1, including the step of protecting workers treating the structure, including the use of at least one of: respirators, protective suits, and cold vests. 28. The method of claim 1, including the step of protecting fire suppression systems of the structure. 29. The method of claim 1, wherein the heat monitoring step includes the step of using a thermal imaging device. 30. The method of claim 1, including the step of protecting heat sensitive articles within the structure. 31. The method of claim 1, wherein the heat monitoring step includes the steps of using one or more wireless probes in conjunction with a web-based software program. 32. The method of claim 1, including the step of heating and monitoring the temperature of interstitial spaces in the structure. 33. The method of claim 3, wherein the filter, air scrubber or incinerator is vented outside of the enclosed structure. 34. The method of claim 3, wherein the filter comprises a HEPA, micro ban, carbon, electronic beam, ultraviolet, MERV or ionic filter. 35. The method of claim 1, including the steps of volatilizing PAHs within the enclosure, and passing the PAHs through a filter, an air scrubber, or an incinerator or venting the PAHs outside of the enclosure. 