An animal monitoring device. In particular, the monitoring device is capable of not only identifying the animal and keeping track of its movement, but it may also be capable of monitoring ketone emissions and/or other vital health indicators of the animal. By tracking these measurements, it is possible to provide a unique indication of the health of the animal. Through data logging hardware, this device would be able log these clinical health indicators for a sufficient period of time in a non-invasive manner.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An animal monitoring device comprising: a housing; a ketone sensor contained within the housing for measuring ketone emissions; and a control system for monitoring the at least one sensor. 2. The animal monitoring device of claim 1, further comprising an identification system for identifying the animal. 3. The animal monitoring device of claim 2, wherein the identification system is also capable of tracking the animal. 4. The animal monitoring device of claim 2, wherein the identification system is selected from a radio frequency identification tag. 5. The animal monitoring device of claim 2, wherein the control system is also capable of transmitting information from the ketone sensor and the identification system. 6. The animal monitoring device of claim 1, further comprising a power source. 7. The animal monitoring device of claim 6, wherein the power source is selected from a battery, a solar panel, or a combination thereof. 8. The animal monitoring device of claim 7, wherein the power source includes a solar panel. 9. The animal monitoring device of claim 1, further comprising at least one additional sensor. 10. The animal monitoring device of claim 9, wherein the at least one additional sensor is selected from a body temperature sensor, a nose wetness sensor, an ambient temperature sensor, a humidity sensor, or a combination thereof. 11. The animal monitoring device of claim 9, wherein the control system is also capable of transmitting information from the at least one additional sensor. 12. The animal monitoring device of claim 1, wherein the housing is in a shape of a nose ring that is capable of being secured to a nose of an animal such that ketone emissions may be monitored by the ketone sensor. 