A nanoconverter is capable of directly generating electricity through a nanostructure embedded in a polymer layer experiencing differential thermal expansion in a stress transfer zone. High surface-to-volume ratio semiconductor nanowires or nanotubes (such as ZnO, silicon, carbon, etc.) are grown either aligned or substantially vertically aligned on a substrate. The resulting nanoforest is then embedded with the polymer layer, which transfers stress to the nanostructures in the stress transfer zone, thereby creating a nanostructure voltage output due to the piezoelectric effect acting on the nanostructure. Electrodes attached at both ends of the nanostructures generate output power at densities of .about.20 nW/cm.sup.2 with heating temperatures of .about.65.degree. C. Nanoconverters arrayed in a series parallel arrangement may be constructed in planar, stacked, or rolled arrays to supply power to nano- and micro-devices without use of external batteries.
Claims 1. A nanoconverter, comprising: one or more nanostructures comprising a top end and a bottom end; wherein the nanostructures are at least partially embedded within a polymer layer; and means for generating power from the nanostructures. 2. The nanoconverter of claim 1, wherein the means for generating power comprises: a bottom electrode disposed on bottom end of one or more of the nanostructures; and a polymer layer into which the nanostructures are embedded. 3. The nanoconverter of claim 1, wherein the means for generating power comprises a top electrode electrically connected to one or more of the nanostructures at the nanostructure top end. 4. The nanoconverter of claim 1, where the nanostructures are selected from the group of nanocomponents consisting of: a nanotube, a nanowire, a nanosheet, and a nanoribbon. 5. The nanoconverter of claim 1, wherein the nanostructures are selected from the group of nanostructures consisting of: a ZnO nanowire, a silicon nanowire, a carbon nanotube, and a semiconductor nanostructure. 6. The nanoconverter of claim 1, wherein the nanostructures are either aligned or substantially vertically aligned. 7. The nanoconverter of claim 6, wherein the means for generating power comprises a heat source applied to the polymer layer. 8. The nanoconverter of claim 7, wherein the heat source is selected from the group of heat sources consisting of an exhalation, a combustion source, an electronic source, a solar source, and a biological oxidation source. 9. The nanoconverter of claim 8: wherein the exhalation originates from the group of exhalants consisting of: human breath, non-human animal breath, bacterial outgas, and plant outgas; and wherein the biological oxidation originates from the group of biological oxidizers consisting of: human metabolism, non-human metabolism, bacterial metabolism, and plant metabolism. 10. The nanoconverter of claim 1, wherein the polymer layer comprises a coefficient of thermal expansion selected from the group of thermal expansions consisting of: .gtoreq.40.times.10.sup.-6/.degree. K, .gtoreq.50.times.10.sup.-6/.degree. K, .gtoreq.60.times.10.sup.-6/.degree. K, .gtoreq.70.times.10.sup.-6/.degree. K, and .gtoreq.80.times.10.sup.-6/.degree. K. 11. The nanoconverter of claim 1, wherein a ratio of a coefficient of thermal expansion of the polymer layer divided by a coefficient of thermal expansion of the nanostructure comprises a ratio selected from the group of ratios consisting of: .gtoreq.2.000, .gtoreq.3.000, .gtoreq.4.000, .gtoreq.5.000, .gtoreq.6.000, .gtoreq.7.000, .gtoreq.8.000, .gtoreq.9.000, and .gtoreq.10.000. 12. The nanoconverter of claim 11, wherein the coefficient of thermal expansion nanostructure is taken from a c-axis. 13. An array of one or more nanoconverters of claim 1 that forms a nanoconverter array, arranged to generate a specified current and voltage output when supplied with a heat source. 14. The nanoconverter array of claim 13, wherein the heat source is at a temperature between an initial fabrication temperature of the polymer layer and a glass transition temperature T.sub.g of the glass layer. 15. The nanoconverter array of claim 13, wherein the nanoconverter operates as a nanosensor to detect a temperature by generation of a voltage when the temperature is applied to the polymer layer. 16. The nanoconverter of claim 1, further comprising an environmental sealant that seals the top end of the nanostructure from environmental degradation. 17. The nanoconverter array of claim 13, wherein the means for generating power generates output power for one or more of the group of devices consisting of: a cell phone, a smart phone, a glucose monitor, a pacemaker, a therapeutic or diagnostic device, a drug delivery device, an insulin pump, a left ventricular assist device, a pacemaker, a cardioverter defibrillator, or a artificial muscle device, a cochlear implant, a batteryless device, a powered nanomachine, a smart phone, a calculator, a wrist watch, a standalone sensor, a sensor in a network, and an artificial vision device. 18. The nanoconverter array of claim 13, wherein the means for generating power generates output power for an insulin control system, said insulin control system comprising: a nanosensor glucose monitor that produces a voltage proportional to a glucose molecule concentration; a controller that senses the nanosensor glucose monitor voltage; and an insulin pump controlled by the controller whereby insulin is disseminated when the nanosensor glucose monitor voltage is exceeded. 19. The nanoconverter of claim 1, wherein the polymer layer is selected from the group of polymers consisting of: epoxy and poly(vinyl chloride-co-vinyl-co-2-hydroxypropyl acrylate) (PVC). 20. The nanoconverter of claim 1, comprising: a top electrode that electrically connects to the nanostructure at the nanostructure top end; and a bottom electrode that electrically connects to the nanostructure at the nanostructure bottom end. 21. A nanoconverter apparatus, comprising: a nanostructure with top and bottom ends; a top electrode electrically connected to the top end; a polymer layer that surrounds at least a portion of the nanostructure; wherein the surrounded portion of the nanostructure forms a stress transfer zone; and a bottom electrode electrically connected to the nanostructure at the bottom end of the nanostructure; wherein the nanostructure generates a piezoelectric voltage and a current when the polymer layer exerts a stress on the nanostructure in the stress transfer zone. 22. The nanoconverter apparatus of claim 21, wherein the nanostructure is selected from the group of nanocomponents consisting of: a nanotube, a nanowire, a nanosheet, and a nanoribbon. 23. The nanoconverter apparatus of claim 21, wherein the nanostructure is selected from the group of nanostructures consisting of: a ZnO nanowire, a silicon nanowire, a carbon nanotube, and a semiconductor nanostructure. 24. The nanoconverter apparatus of claim 21, wherein the nanostructure is an element of an aligned or substantially vertically aligned forest of nanostructures. 25. The nanoconverter apparatus of claim 21, wherein the nanostructure generates the piezoelectric voltage and the current through stress induced on the nanostructure by the polymer layer in the stress transfer zone. 26. The nanoconverter apparatus of claim 25, wherein the polymer layer exerts the stress induced on the nanostructure from a heat source comprising an exhalation. 27. The nanoconverter apparatus of claim 26, wherein the exhalation originates from the group of exhalants consisting of: human breath, non-human animal breath, bacterial outgases, and plant outgases. 28. A nanoconverter array, comprising: an array of one or more nanoconverters of claim 21; wherein the nanoconverters are arranged to generate a specified current output and voltage output when a heat source is supplied to the polymer layers of the nanoconverters. 29. The nanoconverter array of claim 28, wherein the nanoconverter operates as a nanosensor to detect a temperature by generation of the piezoelectric voltage output. 30. The nanoconverter array of claim 28, wherein the nanostructure generated piezoelectric voltage and current outputs power to one or more of the group of devices consisting of: a cell phone, a smart phone, a glucose monitor, a pacemaker, a therapeutic or diagnostic device, a drug delivery device, an insulin pump, a left ventricular assist device, a pacemaker, a cardioverter defibrillator, or a artificial muscle device, a cochlear implant, a batteryless device, a powered nanomachine, and an artificial vision device. 31. The nanoconverter array of claim 28, wherein the nanostructure generated piezoelectric voltage and current powers: an insulin control system, said insulin control system comprising: a nanosensor glucose monitor that produces a voltage proportional to a glucose molecule concentration; a controller that senses the nanosensor glucose monitor voltage; and an insulin pump controlled by the controller whereby insulin is disseminated when the nanosensor glucose monitor voltage is exceeded. 32. The nanoconverter apparatus of claim 21, wherein the polymer layer is selected from the group of polymers consisting of: epoxy and poly(vinyl chloride-co-vinyl-co-2-hydroxypropyl acrylate) (PVC). 33. A method of constructing a nanoconverter, comprising: providing a substrate; growing one or more nanostructures on the substrate, while growing a bottom electrode one the substrate, wherein the bottom electrode is electrically connected with one or more of the nanostructures; surrounding one or more of the nanostructures with a polymer layer to form a stress transfer zone around the nanostructures; selectively etching the polymer layer around the nanostructures to form a top end of the nanostructure exposed above the etched polymer layer; and electrically connecting the nanostructures at the top end and the bottom electrode, wherein the two ends have disposed between them the stress transfer zone. 34. The method of constructing the nanoconverter of claim 33, further comprising: exposing the polymer layer to a heat source, thereby generating electrical power through thermal expansion of the polymer layer transferring stresses to the nanostructures in the stress transfer zone. 35. The method of constructing the nanoconverter of claim 34, wherein the nanostructures are selected from the group of nanocomponents consisting of: a nanotube, a nanowire, a nanosheet, and a nanoribbon. 36. The method of constructing the nanoconverter of claim 34, wherein the nanostructures are selected from the group of nanostructures consisting of: a ZnO nanowire, a silicon nanowire, a carbon nanotube, and a semiconductor nanostructure. 37. The method of constructing the nanoconverter of claim 33, wherein the nanostructures are aligned or substantially vertically aligned. 38. The method of constructing the nanoconverter of claim 34, wherein the nanostructures generate the electrical power through a piezoelectric effect of stressing the nanostructures in the stress transfer zone. 39. The method of constructing the nanoconverter of claim 38, wherein the heat source originates from a source consisting of an exhalation. 40. The method of constructing the nanoconverter of claim 39, wherein the exhalation originates from the group of exhalants consisting of: human breath, non-human animal breath, bacterial outgases, and plant outgases. 41. The method of constructing the nanoconverter of claim 33, wherein the polymer layer is selected from the group of sealants consisting of: epoxy and poly(vinyl chloride-co-vinyl-co-2-hydroxypropyl acrylate) (PVC). 42. A nanoconverter array, comprising: an array of one or more nanoconverters constructed according to the method of claim 33; wherein the nanoconverter array is arranged to generate a specified current output and voltage output when supplied with a heat source applied to the polymer layer. 43. The nanoconverter array of claim 42, wherein the nanoconverter array generated specified current output and voltage output is output to one or more of the group of devices consisting of: a cell phone, a smart phone, a glucose monitor, a pacemaker, a therapeutic or diagnostic device, a drug delivery device, an insulin pump, a left ventricular assist device, a cardioverter defibrillator, an artificial muscle device, a cochlear implant, a batteryless device, a powered nanomachine, and an artificial vision device. 44. The nanoconverter array of claim 42, wherein the nanostructure array generated specified current output and voltage output is output to an insulin control system, said insulin control system comprising: a nanosensor glucose monitor that produces a sensor voltage proportional to a glucose molecule concentration; a controller that senses the sensor voltage; and an insulin pump controlled by the controller whereby insulin is disseminated when the sensor voltage exceeds a preset level. 45. A nanosensor, comprising: a nanoconverter constructed according to the method of claim 33; wherein the nanoconverter operates as a nanosensor to detect a temperature applied to the polymer layer by generating a nanoconverter voltage output. 46. A nanoconverter, comprising: a nanostructure; and means for generating power from the nanostructure from a heat source. 47. The nanoconverter of claim 46, wherein the means for generating power from the nanostructure comprises: a polymer layer adhered to the nanostructure in a stress transfer zone; wherein the nanostructure is stressed by the polymer layer in the stress transfer zone to piezoelectrically generate power from the nanostructure. 48. A nanoconverter comprising a nanostructure that interacts with a polymer layer in a stress transfer zone to generate power through a piezoelectric effect. 49. A device powered by the nanoconverter of claim 48, wherein the device has no other power source. 