An apparatus for the electrolytic splitting of water into hydrogen and/or oxygen, the apparatus comprising: (i) at least one lithographically-patternable substrate having a surface; (ii) a plurality of microscaled catalytic electrodes embedded in said surface; (iii) at least one counter electrode in proximity to but not on said surface; (iv) means for collecting evolved hydrogen and/or oxygen gas; (v) electrical powering means for applying a voltage across said plurality of microscaled catalytic electrodes and said at least one counter electrode; and (vi) a container for holding an aqueous electrolyte and housing said plurality of microscaled catalytic electrodes and said at least one counter electrode. Electrolytic processes using the above electrolytic apparatus or functional mimics thereof are also described.
Claims 1. An apparatus for the electrolytic splitting of water into hydrogen and/or oxygen, the apparatus comprising: at least one lithographically-patternable substrate having a surface; a plurality of microscaled catalytic electrodes embedded in said surface, wherein said microscaled catalytic electrodes are either catalytic anode electrodes or catalytic cathode electrodes; at least one counter electrode in proximity to but not on said surface, wherein said counter electrode comprises at least one catalytic cathode electrode if said microscaled catalytic electrodes are catalytic anode electrodes, or said counter electrode comprises at least one catalytic anode electrode if said microscaled catalytic electrodes are catalytic cathode electrodes; means for collecting evolved hydrogen and/or oxygen gas; electrical powering means for applying a voltage across said plurality of microscaled catalytic electrodes and said at least one counter electrode; and a container for holding an aqueous electrolyte and housing said plurality of microscaled catalytic electrodes and said at least one counter electrode. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said lithographically-patternable substrate is a rigid semiconducting substrate. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein said semiconducting substrate is a silicon- containing substrate. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said means for collecting evolved hydrogen and/or oxygen gas comprises a canopy trapping device positioned over said plurality of microscaled catalytic electrodes. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said at least one counter electrode comprises a plurality of microscaled catalytic counter electrodes embedded on a separate lithographically-patternable substrate. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, further comprising means for collecting evolved hydrogen and oxygen gas, wherein said means comprises a canopy trapping device positioned over said plurality of microscaled catalytic electrodes and a separate canopy trapping device positioned over said plurality of microscaled catalytic counter electrodes. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said plurality of microscaled catalytic electrodes and said at least one counter electrode are not separated by an ion-permeable barrier between said microscaled catalytic electrodes and said counter electrode. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said plurality of microscaled catalytic electrodes and said at least one counter electrode are housed in separate compartments, provided that means are included for allowing ions to migrant between said compartments. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said separate compartments are adjoined by a common wall, wherein said common wall includes at least one pore that traverses said common wall. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said common wall is comprised of said at least one lithographically-patternable substrate having said microscaled catalytic electrodes embedded thereon. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said lithographically-patternable substrate possesses a first surface on which is disposed a plurality of microscaled catalytic anode electrodes, and a second surface on which is disposed a plurality of microscaled catalytic cathode electrodes, wherein said first surface faces into a first compartment in which oxygen is to be produced, and said second surface faces into a second compartment in which hydrogen is to be produced. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said electrical powering means includes electrically-conductive bond pads and wiring connected to said electrodes. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said electrical powering means comprises at least one receiving coil in electrical communication with said microscaled catalytic electrodes, wherein said receiving coil includes means for producing electrical power wirelessly from a wireless transmission source. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said electrical powering means further comprises a rectenna. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said electrical powering means further includes circuitry for monitoring voltage and current levels of each microscaled catalytic electrode. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein said electrical powering means further includes circuitry for setting voltage and current levels of each microscaled catalytic electrode. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said electrical powering means further includes superconducting wires for bringing electric current to the microscaled catalytic electrodes. 18. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said microscaled catalytic electrodes and electrical powering means have been lithographically patterned onto said lithographically-patternable substrate. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said lithographically-patternable substrate is hermetically sealed, provided that electrocatalytic surfaces of said microscaled catalytic electrodes are exposed. 20. An apparatus for the electrolytic splitting of water into hydrogen and oxygen, the apparatus comprising: a first lithographically-patternable substrate having a first surface, and a plurality of microscaled catalytic anode electrodes on said first surface; a second lithographically-patternable substrate having a second surface, and a plurality of microscaled catalytic cathode electrodes on said second surface; means for collecting evolved hydrogen and/or oxygen gas; electrical powering means for applying a voltage across said plurality of microscaled catalytic anode and cathode electrodes; and a container for holding an aqueous electrolyte and housing said plurality of microscaled catalytic anode and cathode electrodes. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein said microscaled catalytic anode and cathode electrodes are not separated by an ion-permeable barrier. 22. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein said microscaled catalytic anode and cathode electrodes are separated by an ion-permeable barrier. 23. An apparatus for the electrolytic splitting of water into hydrogen and oxygen, the apparatus comprising: at least one rigid planar substrate made of a semiconducting composition, the at least one rigid planar substrate having a first surface and a second surface opposite the first surface; a plurality of microscaled catalytic anode electrodes disposed on said first surface; a plurality of microscaled catalytic cathode electrodes disposed on said second surface; at least one pore connecting said first and second surfaces; electrical powering means for applying a voltage across said plurality of microscaled catalytic anode and cathode electrodes; a first compartment that surrounds said microscaled catalytic anode electrodes while excluding said microscaled catalytic cathode electrodes; a second compartment that surrounds said microscaled catalytic cathode electrodes while excluding said microscaled catalytic anode electrodes; and means for collecting said hydrogen and oxygen gases; wherein said rigid planar substrate functions as a common wall adjoining said first and second compartments. 24. An apparatus for the electrolytic splitting of water into hydrogen and oxygen, the apparatus comprising: at least one first rigid planar substrate made of a semiconducting composition, the at least one first rigid planar substrate having a first planar surface on which a plurality of microscaled catalyst anode electrodes are disposed, and a second planar surface opposite to said first planar surface; at least one second rigid planar substrate made of a semiconducting composition, the at least one second rigid planar substrate having a first planar surface on which a plurality of microscaled catalytic cathode electrodes are disposed, and a second planar surface opposite to said first planar surface; a proton exchange membrane having first and second planar surfaces and sandwiched between said first and second rigid planar substrates, wherein said first planar surface of said membrane is in physical contact with said second planar surface of said first rigid planar substrate, and said second planar surface of said membrane is in physical contact with said second planar surface of said second rigid planar substrate; at least one pore having a first section and a second section, wherein said first and second pore sections are colinear, and said first section extends from said membrane to said first planar surface of said first rigid planar substrate, and said second pore section extends from said membrane to said first planar surface of said second rigid planar substrate; electrical powering means for applying a voltage across said plurality of microscaled catalytic anode and cathode electrodes; a first compartment that surrounds said microscaled catalytic anode electrodes while excluding said microscaled catalytic cathode electrodes; a second compartment that surrounds said microscaled catalytic cathode electrodes while excluding said microscaled catalytic anode electrodes; and means for collecting evolved hydrogen and oxygen gases. 25. An electrode device useful as an anode or a cathode in a water electrolysis apparatus, the electrode device comprising a lithographically-patternable substrate having a surface, and a plurality of microscaled catalytic electrodes on said surface. 26. A method for producing hydrogen and oxygen gases from the electrolytic splitting of water, the method comprising charging an electrolyzer with an aqueous electrolyte, and electrically powering said electrolyzer to produce hydrogen and oxygen gases, wherein said electrolyzer comprises the apparatus delineated in claim 1. 27. A method for producing hydrogen and oxygen gases from the electrolytic splitting of water, the method comprising charging an electrolyzer with an aqueous electrolyte, and electrically powering said electrolyzer to produce hydrogen and oxygen gases, wherein said electrolyzer comprises the apparatus delineated in claim 20. 28. A method for producing hydrogen and oxygen gases from the electrolytic splitting of water, the method comprising charging an electrolyzer with an aqueous electrolyte, and electrically powering said electrolyzer to produce hydrogen and oxygen gases, wherein said electrolyzer comprises the apparatus delineated in claim 23. 29. A method for producing hydrogen and oxygen gases from the electrolytic splitting of water, the method comprising charging an electrolyzer with an aqueous electrolyte, and electrically powering said electrolyzer to produce hydrogen and oxygen gases, wherein said electrolyzer comprises the apparatus delineated in claim 24. 30. The method of claim 26, wherein said electrolyzer is powered by a renewable energy source. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein said renewable energy source comprises solar energy. 32. The method of claim 30, wherein said renewable energy source comprises wind energy. 33. The method of claim 26, wherein said electrolyzer is electrically powered by nuclear energy. 34. The method of claim 26, wherein said electrolysis method is coupled to a process that utilizes hydrogen or oxygen gas. 35. The method of claim 34, wherein said process is a Fischer-Tropsch process for the synthesis of liquid hydrocarbons. 36. The method of claim 34, wherein said process is a petroleum refining process. 37. The method of claim 36, wherein said petroleum refining process is a hydrodealkylation, hydrodesulfurization, or hydrocracking process. 38. The method of claim 34, wherein said process is a Haber process. 39. The method of claim 34, wherein said process is a hydrogenation process. 40. A method for producing chlorine gas and/or a metal hydroxide by a chloralkali process, the method comprising charging the water electrolyzer delineated in claim 1 with an aqueous metal-chloride salt electrolyte, and electrically powering said electrolyzer to produce chlorine gas at the catalytic anode electrode of the water electrolyzer and hydrogen gas and a metal hydroxide at the catalytic cathode electrode of the water electrolyzer. 41. A method for producing chlorine gas and/or a metal hydroxide by a chloralkali process, the method comprising charging the water electrolyzer delineated in claim 20 with an aqueous metal-chloride salt electrolyte, and electrically powering said electrolyzer to produce chlorine gas at said plurality of microscaled catalytic anode electrodes of the water electrolyzer and hydrogen gas and a metal hydroxide at said plurality of microscaled catalytic cathode electrodes of the water electrolyzer. 42. A method for producing chlorine gas and/or a metal hydroxide by a chloralkali process, the method comprising charging the water electrolyzer delineated in claim 23 with an aqueous metal-chloride salt electrolyte, and electrically powering said electrolyzer to produce chlorine gas at said plurality of microscaled catalytic anode electrodes of the water electrolyzer and hydrogen gas and a metal hydroxide at said plurality of microscaled catalytic cathode electrodes of the water electrolyzer. 43. A method for producing chlorine gas and/or a metal hydroxide by a chloralkali process, the method comprising charging the water electrolyzer delineated in claim 24 with an aqueous metal-chloride salt electrolyte, and electrically powering said electrolyzer to produce chlorine gas at said plurality of microscaled catalytic anode electrodes of the water electrolyzer and hydrogen gas and a metal hydroxide at said plurality of microscaled catalytic cathode electrodes of the water electrolyzer. 44. The method of claim 40, further comprising an ion-permeable membrane separating said catalytic anode electrode and catalytic cathode electrode. 45. The method of claim 40, wherein said metal chloride salt comprises sodium chloride and said metal hydroxide comprises sodium hydroxide. 46. An apparatus for the electrolytic splitting of water into hydrogen and/or oxygen, the apparatus comprising: a bulk catalytic electrode containing thereon a plurality of microscopic catalytic hot spots on a surface of said bulk catalytic electrode, wherein said bulk catalytic electrode is either a catalytic anode or catalytic cathode; a counter electrode; means for collecting evolved hydrogen and/or oxygen gas; electrical powering means for applying a voltage across said bulk catalytic electrode and counter electrode; and a container for holding an aqueous electrolyte and housing said bulk catalytic electrode and counter electrode. 47. An apparatus for the electrolytic splitting of water into hydrogen and/or oxygen, the apparatus comprising: a bulk catalytic electrode having on its surface an insulating layer containing a plurality of microscopic holes therein, wherein said bulk catalytic electrode is either a catalytic anode or catalytic cathode, and said holes permit said bulk catalytic electrode to be exposed to electrolyte only at said holes; a counter electrode; means for collecting evolved hydrogen and/or oxygen gas; electrical powering means for applying a voltage across said bulk catalytic electrode and counter electrode; and a container for holding an aqueous electrolyte and housing said bulk catalytic electrode and counter electrode. 