A smart grid educational tool and system for using the same is provided. The smart grid relates generally to electro-mechanical systems with mechanical structures that produce electrical signals and switching systems similar to an actual smart power grid. This electrical system relates specifically to structures that easily and quickly demonstrate to students and utility workers the architecture and power sources used by the electric companies in the generation and distribution of electricity. The device utilizes an infrared beam of light sent through a spinning fan or other device, which breaks up the beam, to a receiving unit which produces an AC wave which is later converted to a single frequency sine wave and analyzed on a computer monitor.
Claims 1. A miniature smart power grid for educational or training purposes comprising: a base portion having a top and a bottom; a plurality of power generation devices forming a power generation system wherein the plurality of power generation devices are connected to the top of the base portion and wherein the plurality of power generation devices generate electricity; a plurality of power distribution devices forming a power distribution system wherein the plurality of power distribution devices are connected to the top of the base portion; at least one power consumption device forming a power consumption system wherein the power consumption device is connected to the top of the base portion; a first electrical wire electrically connecting the power generation system to the power distribution system; a second electrical wire electrically connecting the power distribution system to the power consumption system; a DC motor driven by one or more DC sources wherein the DC motor is included in the power generation system wherein the DC motor is used to interrupt an optical infrared beam in an optical slotted switch and wherein the slotted switch generates an AC electric voltage which is filtered through an electronic filter to produce a single frequency sine wave and wherein the sine wave is passed through the first electrical wire to the power distribution system and wherein the AC electricity generated by the DC motor, slotted switch, and electronic filter of the power generation system is converted to a higher voltage and passed through to the power distribution system; and a computer monitor electrically connected to the smart power grid wherein the computer monitor displays the sine wave data.) 2. The miniature smart power grid of claim 1 wherein the infrared optical beam is modified by a spinning opaque fan blade to generate the sine wave.) 3. The miniature smart power grid of claim 2 wherein the generated AC wave is converted to a single frequency sine wave by an electronic filter output.) 4. The miniature smart power grid of claim 3 further comprising: an amplifier electrically connected to the electronic filter output wherein an amplifier adjusts the AC voltage to a standard consumer AC values divided by 100.) 5. The miniature smart power grid of claim 1 further comprising; a step up transformer electrically located between the power generation system and the power distribution system wherein the step up transformer increases voltage by a factor of 10.) 6. The miniature smart power grid of claim 1 wherein said electronic filter is designed to convert the output from said optical switch to a single frequency sine wave.) 7. The miniature smart power grid of claim 1 wherein the power consumption system has components representing miniaturized versions of houses, buildings and factories which consume energy and wherein the energy consumption is turned on or off to vary the load.) 8. The miniature smart power grid of claim 1 further comprising: an interface module electronically connected to a computer containing software that represents and displays voltages in the same manner as an actual AC power generating stations.) 9. The miniature smart power grid of claim 8 wherein said voltages displayed on computer are multiplied by a factor greater than 25 to keep actual voltages low but have said voltage emulate the values in the real world power station when displayed.) 10. The miniature smart power grid of claim 1 wherein the power generation system, power distribution system and power consumption system have electronic components including: capacitors, resistors, diodes, light emitting diodes LED, display panels, inductors, transistors, semiconductors, power supplies, motors, fans, electronic sound emitters, speakers, buzzers, bells, alarms, microphones, light bulbs, strobe lights, switches, integrated circuits, computer chip, amplifiers, modulators, solar panels, computer interfaces, telephone interfaces, and combinations thereof.) 11. The miniature smart power grid of claim 1 wherein the AC voltage is used to generate an AC frequency which is greater than 60 therein reducing the size of the electrical components required to transform and transmit the voltage.) 12. The miniature smart power grid of claim 11 wherein said AC frequency is divided by a fixed number in order to display a frequency similar to consumer values.) 13. The miniature smart power grid of claim 11 wherein said AC frequency is automatically maintained at a fixed frequency.) 14. The miniature smart power grid of claim 11 wherein said AC frequency is controlled by an external computer.) 15. The miniature smart power grid of claim 1 further comprising: a solar panel incorporated into the power generation system wherein the solar panel is used to generate DC power wherein the DC power generated by the solar panel is added to the power generation system of the existing system.) 16. The miniature smart power grid of claim 1 further comprising: a wind turbine incorporated into the power generation system wherein the wind turbine is used to generate DC power wherein the DC power generated by the wind turbine is added to the power generation system of the existing system.) 17. The miniature smart power grid of claim 1 further comprising: a computer having a software program wherein the computer is electronically connected to the smart power grid and wherein the software allows the user to control parameters of the miniature smart power grid by adjusting hardware modules in the miniature smart power grid.) 18. The miniature smart power grid of claim 1 further comprising: at least one resistor electronically connected to the first or second electrical wire wherein the resistor reduces the power flow at a rate designed to simulate power lost in a real smart power grid as a result of the distance between the power generation system and the power consumption system.) 19. The miniature smart power grid of claim 1 further comprising; a step down transformer electrically located between the step up transformer and the power consumption system wherein the step down transformer decreases voltage by 10 times. 