Disclosed embodiments comprise a computer device comprising communication apparatus operatively configured for boosting communication signals to prevent cancerous diseases and to provide interactive user interface. The communication apparatus is further configured to convert sound waves, vibrations, solar energy, wind force and pressure force into electrical energy communicable to a battery cell. Disclosed embodiment encompasses three modes of communications--the Cell phone, wireless Internet applications, and Global communication and information. Embodiments provide communication apparatus operable to enhance mobile communication efficiency with touch sensitive display and energy platform configured with memories, processors, modules, and including advanced vehicular computing and media applications for in-vehicle interactive communications and wireless Internet applications. Embodiments further provide a communication apparatus comprising a gaming device, a wireless media device with visor screen configured with touch pads comprising sensors being embedded in silicon substrate and fused in micro fiber material having excellent electrical characteristics. Certain embodiments provide communication apparatus configured for voice enabled applications comprising human voice auditory operable to convert text to voice auditory and/or voice auditory to text applications, providing signal amplification with better data and graphical transmission. Embodiments further provide a communication apparatus comprising a media device configured for various communications and Internet applications.
Claims 1. An energy harvesting computer device for use in association with a communication device configured with signal booster apparatus, comprising: at least a communication apparatus; at least an input/output module; at least a microprocessor comprising a control logic configured with a. software for controlling communications and for processing characters from said input/out module; at least an antenna apparatus in communication with said at least one microprocessor; and at least a sensor apparatus embedded in silicon substrate and etched/fused in nanofiber/microfiber material to provide a detection platform with efficient detection selectivity and detection sensitivity. 2. A computer device for use in association with a communication device claim 1, wherein said at least one input/output module comprises a computer apparatus configured for providing character processing, each said input/output module comprising graphic user interface configured with at least one of: a display apparatus; at least a keyboard; at least a force/pressure responsive apparatus, at least a vibration responsive apparatus means for converting pressure; wherein said force/vibration apparatus further configured for generating electrical energy. 3. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said at least one input/output module further comprises a media device comprising at least a receiving device, said media device operatively configured for broadcasting media content over the Internet, and said computer apparatus further comprises a mobile device operable for at least one of communications; receiving character; harvesting energy from an environment; and downloading media content. 4. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said at least one input/output module configured with said at least one sensor apparatus being operable for communications and for generating electrical energy, further comprises a receiver, and a signal boosting apparatus operatively configured with said receiver. 5. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said at least one communication apparatus configured with a chip in communication with said antenna apparatus, wherein said chip further comprises signal booster apparatus, said signal booster apparatus further comprises a device selected from the group consisting of a signal booster that increases signal reception capabilities for the receiver, and an amplifier operable for amplifying signals received by the receiver. 6. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said at least one communication apparatus configured with said control logic, said control logic in communication with said detection platform, wherein said detection platform generating detection signals responsive to movements of at least one of: character; objects; keypads; energy; electrical energy; vibration energy; force energy; pressure energy, and wherein said control logic operable for controlling an application responsive to said at least one detection signal. 7. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said sensor apparatus further comprises at least a chip in communication with said control logic, wherein said at least one chip is a signal booster being operable to amplify communication signals. 8. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said at least one chip is configured with said at least one antenna apparatus, said antenna apparatus further comprises at least one of: a radio frequency transceiver, an RF transmitter, an IR transmitter, a transducer, and/or an IR transceiver. 9. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said at least one microprocessor further comprises at least one of: at least a video communication apparatus comprising at least a SIM card processor communicatively connected to said control logic; a media device comprising an entertainment module; a memory device; a communication module; energy processing module. 10. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said at least one sensor apparatus comprising at least one of: nano sensors, nanotechnology application, MEMS, sensor module. 11. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said at least one detection platform further comprising at least one of: a mobile phone case; a mobile phone housing; a mobile phone circuitry; at least a housing for an electronic device; at least a case for an electronic device; at least a housing for said communication apparatus; at least a circuit board for said communication apparatus; each said detection platform operable for generating electrical energy. 12. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said at least one detection platform further comprises at least one of: a display device; an input/out device; digital video broadcast entertainment, digital audio broadcast, digital multimedia-broadcast, global positioning system, means for providing safety services, transportation road communication systems, universal mobile telecommunications system, touch screen input/output device operable for interactive communications; a pressure responsive energy producing device. 13. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said at least one communication apparatus comprises sensors embedded in silicon substrate and etched/fused in nano-fiber/microfiber material to provide at least one of: energy harvester apparatus; energy conversion device, sensory display/input device, interactive communication device, intelligence detection device, radiation prevention device, non cancerous communication device, secondary energy platform, primary energy platform, accelerated data processing device, solar energy to electrical energy conversion device, objects movement detection device, electronic document translation device, touch screen display device. 14. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further includes a power source module selected from a group consisting of at least one of: a transformer, a fuel cell, a battery, a solar cell, thin film, wafer module, metal ceramic material, polymers material, an RF tag module, materials comprising at least one silicon from the silicon group, a material comprising at least one IR tag module. 15. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said power source further include at least one of: carbon char, carbon black, metal sulfides, metal oxides, organic materials, textile fibers, zinc oxide (ZnO), nano-wires, piezoelectric crystals, piezoelectric elements, sensory layer, wet etching, dry etching, electron-silicon substrate-oxide, metal oxide semiconductor, optical properties, glass fiber, substrate micro fiber, substrate nano-fiber, FPGA meta material structure, cell platform, solar cell, cell platform, nickel-cadmium batteries (NiCd), nickel oxide hydroxide, metallic cadmium, wafer module, a capacitor module operatively configured to withstand higher number of charge/discharge cycles and faster charge and discharge rates, at least one power source further comprises a material being alloyed with nano-fiber/microfiber material. 16. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises at least one of: signal amplifier comprising at least a variable gain module, social network platform, video recognition platform; voice over text platform; text to voice enabled/conversion platform; TDMA platform; WCDMA platform; CDMA platform; TDMB platform; digital/analog/GSM platform; GPS platform GPRS platform; TIHW platform; MFSCD platform; frequency authentication platform; multiple input/output platform; EDGSM platform; EDMA platform; OFDM platform; OFDMA platform; Wi-Fi platform; Wi-Max platform; wireless library platform; educational module; touch screen sensory platform; phone book; electronic book; electronic reader; dictionary; calendar; calculator; Internet service applications; energy generating apparatus; gaming apparatus; and/or Internet service connectivity operable for global roaming. 17. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises circuit board comprising electronic system's applications being configured for at least one of: a wired communications device, a wireless communications device, a cell phone, a handheld communication device, laptop computer, desktop computer, telemetry device, a switching device, MP3 player, a router, a repeater, a codec, a LAN, a WLAN, a Bluetooth enabled device, a digital camera, a digital audio player and/or recorder, a digital video player and/or recorder, a computer, a monitor, a television set, a satellite set top box, a cable modem, a digital automotive control system, a control module, a communication module, a digitally-controlled home appliance, a printer, a copier, a digital audio or video receiver, an RF transceiver, a personal digital assistant (PDA), a digital game playing device, a digital testing and/or measuring device, a digital avionics device, a media device, a medical device, and a digitally-controlled medical equipment. 18. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said change in resistance further include at least one of: energy level, temperature level, signal level, sound quality level, signal clarity, modulated video signal, and resistance to signal flow. 19. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said input/output module further comprises at least one of: a button, a touch screen, a QWERTY keyboard, a liquid crystal display (LCD), a keyboard, a keypad, and/or a scroll wheel. 20. A computer device for use in association with a communication device of claim 1, wherein said detection platform further comprises at least one of solar panel for converting light photons to a photo generating electrical energy, optical elements; a light shield film; a UV curing resin; at least a transparent support substrate; at least a plate; at least an electric power generating system; at least energy management apparatus; a heating and/or cooling module; method for manufacturing an electronic wafer module; photovoltaic array; solar module; solar cell; mono-crystalline silicon wafer; fuel cell, metal-ceramic membranes, film composite metal-ceramic materials, thin film; polymer; amplified signal transmitter/receiver; power generator engine; nanotechnology; photovoltaic module; at least an energy harvester; at least a nano-rectifier. 21. A communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprising at least a wireless communication spectrum operable for at least one of: receiving one or more wireless signals associated with at least a frequency within the wireless communication spectrum; determining at least a signal strength for the received wireless signals; determining at least a signal strength for at least a cell within the frequency; allocating the at least one cell for enabling wireless transmission based on at least a predetermined threshold value. 22. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises at least one of: means for transmitting a wavelet carrier signal within the allocated at least one cell; apparatus for harvesting energy from environmental conditions to charge an energy storage device at a first rate using the harvested energy; at least a sensing module operable to sense a condition and to perform at least one of: transmitting a wireless signal indicative of said condition; adjusting/rotating the energy harvesting means responsive to said environmental condition, directing said apparatus responsive to the direction/concentration of natural light to harvest said energy effectively. 23. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises at least one of: means for exchanging control information between at least a transmitting device and at least a receiving device; means for maintaining a charge in at least an energy cell means to sustain operation of the sensing module, wherein said energy cell means further comprises at least one of at least a photovoltaic panel; at least photovoltaic cells; at least a piezoelectric element; at least means for converting a form of energy into electrical energy; at least an AC to DC converter operable to convert an AC voltage from an AC power source to a DC voltage; at least means for providing a notification in response to the energy storage device full charge; at least a wearable case for said communication apparatus for harvesting energy. 24. The communication device of claim 3, wherein said control information further comprises at least one of: transmission center frequency; harvesting energy from environmental conditions; receiving at least an energy source into a charging input port; charging the cell means at a controllable rate; signal transmission time slot, and information associated with the wavelet carrier signal. 25. The communication device of claim 2, wherein the wavelet carrier signal is generated based on at least one of: a scaling parameter; shifting parameter; at least a parameter that dilates the wavelet signal in time; at least a parameter that reduces the wavelet signal frequency band based on said dilated wavelet signal in time; at least a parameter that compresses the wavelet signal in time; and at least a parameter that increases the wavelet signal frequency band based on the compression in time. 26. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprising at least a video communication apparatus comprising at least a SIM card processor communicatively connected to said communication control apparatus operable to selectively and/or simultaneously transmitting and receiving at least one of: analog signals of varying frequencies; digital signals of varying frequencies; at least a shift parameter that repositions the wavelet signal to one of a plurality of cells within the frequency. 27. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said means for determining signal strength is further operable for determining at least one of a plurality of wavelet coefficients corresponding to at least a received wireless signal; an average energy from the determined plurality of wavelet coefficients; energy harvesting platform; computing platform; gaming platform; downloadable platform; a social media platform; professional media platform; varying frequency platform; multiple network platform; an averaging energy comprising a squared modulus for each of the determined plurality of wavelet coefficients. 28. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprising at least one of: means for providing wireless interconnectivity for at least one of computer device; cell phone apparatus; gaming device; media device; entertainment device; to at least a worldwide computer network, said worldwide computer network further comprising at least a local internet service provider portal to said network and/or at least a satellite network; each operable for allocating at least one cell within at least a frequency threshold value; at least a time map is further allocated based on said threshold value, wherein said threshold value is either above or below and/or equal to the determined signal strength of the plurality of adjacent cells. 29. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprising means for monitoring at least one of: at least a communication spectrum; at least a frequency; at least a time cell for a received wireless signal; at least a wavelet coefficients corresponding to the received wireless signal; at least an average energy based on at least a determined wavelet coefficients; at least a threshold value exceeding at least a predetermined energy value; at least a light emitting diode means; at least a diode controlling at least a form of energy; at least a wireless signal; at least a scalable cell; at least a channel within the wireless communication spectrum. 30. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further configured for at least one of powering a load with energy stored in the energy cell means; powering a load with energy received from at least a secondary energy source; powering a load with said cell means and said secondary energy source; charging an energy cell means to power a load; harvesting at least an energy to maintain power to said load; utilizing at least said energy to amplify said load. 31. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said cell means further comprises at least one of: a capacitor, a cell phone case; a cell phone housing; a communication circuit board; at least a housing for a communication device; a super capacitor; at least a MEMS; at least a thin film metal oxide; at least a piezoelectric element; a rechargeable battery; a rectifier; an antenna apparatus; a nano-wire; a nanotechnology application; means for harvesting energy from environmental conditions; a sensor apparatus; an AC/DC converter, a DC/DC converter; integrated circuit; an integrated circuit chip electrically coupled to said antenna and at least an energy means. 32. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus is further configured for at least one of: substantially autonomous operation; transmitting signal communications to at least mobile communication network, receiving signal communications from at least a mobile communication network, further comprising the step of sending information fur identifying the wireless LAN that the communication apparatus is requesting to be added to, sending information for identifying the type of wireless device requesting to be added to the wireless LAN, separating communication signals normal to wireless transmissions, loading at least a data content into at least a computer device, at least a receiving step comprising the step of receiving a network protocol software operable on the wireless device being identified and verifying compatibility with the LAN being identified; responsive to electrical signals communicated via the antenna. 33. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises an integrated circuit chip comprising at least one of: a circuitry in association with the antenna; an energy harvesting device; means for converting non-electrical energy to electrical energy; at least an environmental sensory circuitry configured to perform at least one of detection, communication; communicating at least a characteristic associated with an external environment; receiving at least an acoustical input data; receiving at least an electrical impulse input data; at least a wireless communications circuitry operable for transmitting characteristic between the environmental sensory circuitry and the wireless communications circuitry. 34. The communication device of claim 1, wherein the characteristic is selected from the group consisting of: a location within the environment, a composition of the environment, a temperature of the environment, a pressure of the environment, a voltage of an electrical feature associated with the environment, a current of an electrical feature associated with the environment, a resistance of an electrical feature associated with the environment, a concentration of the environment, and a viscosity of the environment. 35. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said predetermined threshold value is substantially defined by at least one of: software defined radio; a structural architecture; database; a compiler, a router. 36. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said cell platform further comprises at least a charging apparatus. 37. The communication device of claim 1, wherein cell in communication with at least a mobile terminal. 38. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said mobile terminal is configured to receive from the cell platform, at least a form, of energy. 39. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said cell platform further comprises at least a thin film solar cell. 40. The communication device of claim 1, wherein silicon substrate further comprises at least one of: a transparent material; an electrically conductive material; an electrochromic element; an electrochromic unit; means for producing photovoltaic electric field. 41. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said cell platform further comprises at least a charge platform comprising at least one of: a charge circuit; means for controlling at least a charge to at least a cell means; means for controlling at least a charge to an energy storage device; means for outputting electrical energy; means for converting at least energy within an environment into at least electrical power. 42. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said silicon substrate in association with at least one of electrochromic unit; electrochromic element; a meta material element comprising at least a charge plate; at least an FPGA. 43. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said silicon substrate microfiber further comprises at least one of: at least a coating for harvesting electrical energy; at least an external surface comprising at least a case configured for harvesting electrical energy; a solar cell; a charging circuit apparatus; an alluminance sensor in association with energy contained within an environment, in communication with the cell platform; at least means for converting light energy into electrical energy; at least a bendable piezoelectric element comprising at least a cantilever sensor responsive to pressure; at least a piezoelectric membrane; at least a material disposed with electromagnetic cavity to form at least a wireless bus; wherein said material further disposed on a housing to provide a cavity resonator for signal propagation. 44. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprising at least one of: a housing structure comprising of silicon substrate microfiber consisting of solar cell platform configured for energy harvesting; a communication circuit board configured with CMOS multiple antennas on chip in association with a rectifying circuit for converting electromagnetic wave into electrical energy; a display device configured with piezoelectric elements, said display device responsive to strain/applied force, converting said strain/applied force into electrical energy; at least a cover/case being fabricated from at least a material, at least one material is a solar cell configured with a flexible ribbon-like nano wires being connected to a rectifier disposed in an USB mail port; wherein said USB mail port in communication with at least a female charge port disposed with said housing; said housing further comprises at least one of: cavity waveguide; cavity resonator; signal propagator; at least a cavity assisted radio frequency pathway; at least a radiating element. 45. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises at least one of: a communication circuit board comprising solar cell platform; a CMOS multiple antenna on chip in communication with a rectifier for converting electromagnetic wave into electrical power; at least an antenna comprising nano-wire antenna in association with the rectifier; at least a nano-wire comprising a material for exhibiting good electrical properties operable for transmitting and for receiving electromagnetic signals; further comprises at least a gold material for receiving and for transmitting electromagnetic signals at higher frequencies; at least a touch screen comprising a sensory platform configured with at least one of: piezoelectric elements, MEMS, load cell, strain gauge, acoustic sensor, for converting pressure force and/or sound waves into electrical energy; at least a case comprising solar cell platform in association with a rectifier device for converting solar energy into electrical power; at least a case comprising nano sensors embedded in silicon substrate and alloyed with meta-material structure cavity and fused/etched in nano-fiber/microfiber material to exhibit a sensory platform for converting at least a form of energy within an environment into electrical energy. 46. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises an electronic device, and said electronic device is configured to be affixed into said cell platform, wherein said cell platform further comprises at least a case comprising integrated electronic circuitry for energy harvesting. 47. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said cell platform further comprises at least a circuitry connectable to at least one of: at least a power means; at least an electronic device; at least a meta material structure cavity in association with nano sensors; at least an electromagnetic wave transport stream; means for electromagnetic wave absorption; means for converting electromagnetic energy into DC power, at least an energy compensation means responsive to solar cell band gap limitation; at least a silicon substrate nano-fiber/microfiber comprising a solar cell platform; at least a rectifying apparatus. 48. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said cell platform further comprises at least a case comprising a power source communicable to said communication apparatus, and wherein said power source further comprises at least one of a photovoltaic module for generating power from the occurrence of natural energy sources; at least an electromagnetic module for converting electromagnetic radiation into electrical energy. 49. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises at least one of: an integrated radio frequency device; a nano-electronic system; means for eliminating drop calls; means for extending battery life; at least an RF-MEMS device; an energy harvesting smart phone comprising an E-PHONE; at least an array of digitized capacitors disposed on a die; means for capturing stray radiations; means for radiating communication signals; at least a software defined radio device; at least a turn-able RF device; at least a turn-able RF-MEMS front end; at least a software defined radio on chip device; at least a turn-able capacitor array; at least an antenna apparatus comprising of a signal booster; at least a dual band signal booster antenna on chip. 50. The communication device of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises at least one of: an energy harvesting smart network comprising and an E-NETWORK; an FPGA dedicated memory; an FPGA dedicated multiplier, an FPGA silicon circuitry; an FPGA high speed input/output device; an FPGA silicon nano-wire; at least a non-linear switch circuitry for energy harvesting; at least a fiber nano-generator; at least a piezoelectric semiconducting electronic device; means for harvesting energy locally and for transmitting information to and from the means wirelessly; at least a piezoelectric energy harvesting device; at least a transducer energy harvesting device; means for creating a free charge/voltage field across at least a capacitive element. 