An energy generation apparatus is disclosed. The apparatus includes a base, a sidewall enclosing a perimeter of the base to define a first volume, and a tube having a first end and a second end. The base includes a solar energy collection surface. The first end of the tube is disposed in the first volume adjacent the base, and the second end of the tube is disposed in a second volume outside of the first volume. The apparatus also includes a fluid flow initiator to initiate a flow of a fluid from the first volume to the second volume through the tube when the fluid in the first volume has been heated by the solar energy collection surface to generate a super-adiabatic lapse rate.
Claims 1. An apparatus, comprising: a base comprising a solar energy collection surface; a sidewall enclosing a perimeter of the base to define a first volume; a tube comprising a first end and a second end, wherein the first end is disposed in the first volume adjacent the base, and the second end is disposed in a second volume outside of the first volume; and a fluid flow initiator to initiate a flow of a fluid from the first volume to the second volume through the tube when the fluid in the first volume has been heated by the solar energy collection surface to generate a super-adiabatic lapse rate. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the solar energy collection surface comprises a solar selective surface. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the base comprises an insulation layer disposed between an underside of the solar energy collection surface and a surface underlying the base. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, comprising: at least one damper to control the flow of the fluid through the tube. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the fluid flow initiator comprises a motorized fan. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, comprising: a turbine to convert the flow of the fluid into mechanical energy. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, comprising: a generator coupled to the turbine to generate electrical energy. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the fluid flow initiator comprises the turbine and the generator. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, comprising: at least one processor in communication with at least one computer-readable medium; wherein the at least one computer-readable medium comprises instructions for causing the at least one processor to at least one of monitor an operating parameter of the apparatus and control the operating parameter of the apparatus. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, comprising: a first processor in communication with a first computer-readable medium; and a second processor in communication with a second computer-readable medium. 11. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the at least one computer-readable medium comprises instructions for causing the at least one processor to: determine when the super-adiabatic lapse rate is generated; and activate the fluid flow initiator when determined that the super-adiabatic lapse rate has been generated. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the at least one computer-readable medium comprises instructions for causing the at least one processor to: determine an environmental lapse rate; compare the environmental lapse rate to a dry adiabatic lapse rate; and determine that the super-adiabatic lapse rate has been generated when the environmental lapse rate exceeds the dry adiabatic lapse rate. 13. The apparatus of claim 9, comprising: at least one sensor in communication with the at least one processor. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the at least one sensor comprises an array of temperature sensors disposed in the first volume and in the second volume, and wherein the at least one computer-readable medium comprises instruction's for causing the at least one processor to determine an environmental lapse rate based on a height of each temperature sensor and an output of each temperature sensor. 15. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the at least one sensor comprises: a temperature sensor; and a height sensor for indicating a height of the temperature sensor; wherein the at least one computer-readable medium comprises instructions for causing the at least one processor to determine an environmental lapse rate based on an output of the temperature sensor and an output of the height sensor at two or more different heights. 16. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the at least one sensor comprises a flow sensor, and wherein the at least one computer-readable medium comprises instructions for causing the at least one processor to determine the flow of the fluid through the tube based on an output of the flow sensor. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the at least one computer-readable medium comprises instructions for causing the at least one processor to deactivate the fluid flow initiator based on the output of the flow sensor. 18. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the at least one computer-readable medium comprises instructions for causing the at least one processor to control the flow of the fluid through the tube based on the output of the flow sensor. 19. A method, comprising: collecting solar radiation to heat a first volume of a first fluid to generate a super-adiabatic lapse rate; and destabilizing the first volume of the fluid to initiate a directed flow of the fluid from the first volume to a second volume outside of the first volume. 20. The method of claim 19, comprising: determining an environmental lapse rate; comparing the environmental lapse rate to a dry adiabatic lapse rate; and determining that the super-adiabatic lapse rate has been generated when the environmental lapse rate is greater than the dry adiabatic lapse rate. 21. The method of claim 19, comprising: converting the flow of the fluid into mechanical energy using a turbine; and converting the mechanical energy into electrical energy using a generator coupled to the turbine. 22. An apparatus, comprising: a solar energy collection surface to convectively heat a first volume of a fluid to generate a super-adiabatic lapse rate; a tube comprising a first end and a second end, wherein the first end is disposed in the first volume, and the second end is disposed in a second volume outside of the first volume; and a fluid flow initiator to initiate a flow of the fluid from the first volume to the second volume through the tube when the super-adiabatic lapse rate is generated. 23. The apparatus of claim 22, comprising: a turbine to convert the flow of the fluid into mechanical energy. 24. The apparatus of claim 23, comprising: a generator coupled to the turbine to generate electrical energy. 25. The apparatus of claim 24, wherein the fluid flow initiator comprises the turbine and the generator. 