An electrochromic element comprises a first substrate having a first surface and a second surface opposite the first surface, a second substrate in spaced-apart relationship to the first substrate and having a third surface facing the second surface and a fourth surface opposite the third surface, and an electrochromic medium located between the first and second substrates, wherein the electrochromic medium has a light transmittance that is variable upon application of an electric field thereto. The electrochromic element further comprises a transparent electrode layer covering at least a portion of at least a select one of the first surface, the second surface, the third surface, and the fourth surface, wherein the transparent electrode layer comprises an insulator/metal/insulator stack. The materials utilized to construct the insulator/metal/insulator stack are selected to optimize optical and physical properties of the electrochromic element such as reflectivity, color, electrical switch stability, and environmental durability.
Claims 1. An electrochromic (EC) element comprising: a first base including a first substrate having a first surface and a second surface opposite the first surface, the second surface carrying a transparent electrode layer that comprises a first optical thin-film structure including a first metal layer sandwiched between first and second dielectric layers, the first and second dielectric layers comprising materials having corresponding refractive indices greater than 1.7; a second base having third and fourth surfaces, the first and second bases disposed in a parallel and spaced-apart relationship so as to define a gap therebetween, the second and third surfaces opposing each other; and an electrochromic medium located in the gap; wherein transmittance of the first base measured in light generated by a standard D65 illuminant exceeds 50 percent. 2. An EC element according to claim 1, wherein the transmittance of the first base exceeds 60 percent. 3. An EC element according to claim 1, wherein the first and second dielectric layers comprise materials having corresponding extinction coefficients smaller than 0.2. 4. An EC element according to claim 1, wherein the at least one metal layer includes silver configured to have thickness less than 300 Angstroms whereby the transmittance of the first base exceeds 70 percent. 5. An EC element according to claim 3, wherein at least one of the first and second dielectric layers comprises materials having corresponding refractive indices greater than 2.0 whereby the transmittance of the first base exceeds 80 percent. 6. An EC element according to claim 5, wherein the first and second dielectric layers comprise materials having corresponding extinction coefficients smaller than 0.04. 7. An EC element according to claim 1, wherein the transmittance of the first base exceeds 80 percent and sheet resistance of the optical thin-film stack is between 5 and 9 Ohms per square. 8. An EC element according to claim 7, wherein the sheet resistance of the optical thin-film stack is between 6 and 7 Ohms per square. 9. An EC element according to claim 1, wherein the at least one metal layer includes silver configured to have thickness less than 200 Angstrom whereby the transmittance of the first base exceeds 90 percent. 10. An EC element according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the first and second dielectric layers comprises materials having corresponding refractive indices greater than 2.5. 11. An EC element according to claim 1 characterized by a color rendering index of greater than or equal to 90. 12. An EC-element according to claim 1, further comprising a second optical thin-film structure including a second metal layer sandwiched between third and fourth dielectric layers, wherein the transmittance of the first base exceeds 80 percent. 13. An EC-element according to claim 12, wherein the sheet resistance of the transparent electrode is below 2 Ohms per square. 14. An EC-element according to claim 12, further comprising an second electrode layer on the third surface, the transparent and second electrode layers being structured equivalently, the EC-element characterized by transmittance of more than 70 percent measured in light generated by a standard D65 illuminant. 15. An EC element according to claim 1 configured within a vehicular rearview assembly comprising at least one of an illumination assembly, a display, a voice activated system, a compass system, a telephone system, a highway toll booth interface, a telemetry system, a headlight controller, a rain sensor, a tire pressure monitoring system, a navigation system, a lane departure warning system, and an adaptive cruise control system. 16. An EC-element according to claim 1, configured as part of a window having a solar gain hear coefficient less than 0.5. 17. An electrochromic (EC) element comprising: a first base including a first substrate having a first surface and a second surface opposite the first surface, the second surface carrying a first transparent electrode layer that comprises a periodic optical thin-film structure having at least two periods, each of the periods including a metal layer sandwiched between first and second dielectric layers; a second base having third and fourth surfaces, the first and second bases disposed in a parallel and spaced-apart relationship so as to define a gap therebetween, the second and third surfaces opposing each other; and an electrochromic medium located in the gap; wherein transmittance of the EC-element measured in light generated by a standard D65 illuminant exceeds 60 percent. 18. An EC-element according to claim 17, wherein the second base has a second transparent electrode layer on the third surface, the second transparent electrode layer having a structure equivalent to that of the first transparent electrode layer. 19. An EC-element according to claim 17, wherein the sheet resistance of the first transparent electrode is below 2 Ohms per square. 20. An EC-element according to claim 17, wherein the metal layer includes silver, and first and second dielectric layers include at least one of indium zinc oxide and aluminum zinc oxide. 21. An EC-element according to claim 17, wherein thickness of the metal layer does not exceed 225 Angstroms. 22. An EC element according to claim 17 configured within a vehicular rearview assembly comprising at least one of an illumination assembly, a display, a voice activated system, a compass system, a telephone system, a highway toll booth interface, a telemetry system, a headlight controller, a rain sensor, a tire pressure monitoring system, a navigation system, a lane departure warning system, and an adaptive cruise control system. 23. An EC-element according to claim 17, configured as part of a window having a solar heat gain coefficient of less than 0.5. 24. An electrochromic (EC) element comprising: a first base including a first substrate having a first surface and a second surface opposite the first surface, the second surface carrying a first electrode layer; a second base having third and fourth surfaces, the first and second bases disposed in a parallel and spaced-apart relationship so as to define a gap therebetween, the second and third surfaces opposing each other; and an electrochromic medium located in the gap; wherein the first electrode layer comprises a first optical thin-film stack including a first metal layer sandwiched between first and second dielectric layers, the first electrode layer configured such that transmittance of the EC element measured in ultraviolet (UV) light does not exceed 50 percent. 25. An EC element according to claim 24, wherein at least one of the first and second insulator layers comprises at least a select one of indium zinc oxide, indium tin oxide, aluminum zinc oxide, titanium oxide, zinc oxide, electrically conductive TiO2, CeOx, tin dioxide, silicon nitride, silicon dioxide, ZnS, chromium oxide, niobium oxide, ZrOx, WO.sub.3, nickel oxide, IrO.sub.2, whereby the transmittance of the EC element measured in ultraviolet (UV) light does not exceed 25 percent. 26. An EC element according to claim 24, wherein sheet resistance of the transparent electrode layer is between 5 and 9 Ohms per square. 27. An EC element according to claim 24 characterized by a color rendering index of greater than or equal to 90. 28. An EC element according to claim 24, wherein the first electrode layer comprises a second optical thin-films stack that includes a second metal layer sandwiched between third and fourth dielectric layers and that is adjoining the first optical thin-film stack, and wherein the sheet resistance of the first electrode layer does not exceed 2 Ohms per square. 29. An EC element according to claim 24, further comprising a second electrode layer disposed on the third surface, the first and second electrode layers having equivalent structures. 30. An electrochromic (EC) element comprising: a first substrate having a first surface and a second surface opposite the first surface; a second substrate having third and fourth surfaces, the first and second substrates disposed in a parallel and spaced apart relationship so as to define a gap therebetween, the second and third surfaces opposing each other; an electrochromic medium located in the gap, the electrochromic medium having a light transmittance that is variable upon the application of an electric field thereto; and a transparent electrode layer covering at least a portion of at least a select one of the second surface and the third surface, wherein the transparent electrode layer comprises a stack including a first insulator layer, a metal layer, and a second insulator layer, wherein any of the first and second insulator layers has an absolute stress of less than 3 GPa. 31. An EC element according to claim 30, wherein the absolute stress of any of the first and second insulator layers is less than 1.5 GPa. 32. An EC element according to claim 30, wherein the absolute stress of any of the first and second insulator layers is less than 0.5 GPa. 