A method (1) is disclosed whereby luminescence images are captured (2) from as-cut or partially processed bandgap materials such as multicrystalline silicon wafers. These images are then processed (3) to provide information about defects such as dislocations within the bandgap material. The resultant information is then utilised (4) to predict various key parameters of a solar cell manufactured from the bandgap material, such as open circuit voltage and short circuit current. The information may also be utilised to apply a classification to the bandgap material. The methods can also be used to adjust or assess the effect of additional processing steps, such as annealing, intended to reduce the density of defects in the bandgap materials.
Claims 1. A method of conducting an analysis of a bandgap material, said method including the steps of: (a) capturing a luminescence image of said bandgap material; (b) processing said image to obtain information about defects in said bandgap material; and (e) utilising said information to apply a classification to said bandgap material. 2. A method of conducting an analysis of a bandgap material, said method including the steps of: (a) obtaining information about dislocation defects in said bandgap material; and (b) utilising said information to apply a classification to said bandgap material. 3. A method of predicting one or more operational characteristics of a device fabricated from a bandgap material, said method including the steps of: (a) obtaining at least one sample of said bandgap material; (b) capturing a luminescence image of said at least one sample; (c) processing said image to obtain information about defects in said at least one sample; (d) analysing one or more operational characteristics of a device fabricated from said at least one sample; and (e) correlating said operational characteristics with said information, wherein (i) steps (b) and (c) are repeated for further samples of said bandgap material to obtain further information about the defects in said further samples; and (ii) said further information is utilised to predict the operational characteristics of devices fabricated from said further samples. 4. A method of predicting one or more operational characteristics of a device fabricated from a bandgap material, said method including the steps of: (a) obtaining at least one sample of said bandgap material; (b) obtaining information about dislocation defects in said at east one sample; (c) analysing one or more operational characteristics of a device fabricated from said at least one sample; and (d) correlating said operational characteristics with said information, wherein (i) step (b) is repeated for further samples of said bandgap material to obtain further information about dislocation defects in said further samples; and (ii) said further information is utilised to predict said operational characteristics of devices fabricated from said further samples. 5. A method of predicting one or more operational characteristics of a device fabricated from a bandgap material, said method including the steps of: (a) obtaining at least one sample of said bandgap material; (b) obtaining information about dislocation defects in said at least one sample; (c) utilising said information to apply a classification to said bandgap material; (d) analysing one or more operational characteristics of a device fabricated from said at least one sample; and (e) correlating said operational characteristics with said classification wherein (i) steps (b) and (c) are repeated for further samples of said bandgap material to obtain a further classification for each of said further samples; and (ii) said further classification is utilised to predict said operational characteristics of the devices fabricated from said further samples. 6. A method as claimed in claim 1 or claim 3, wherein said luminescence image is a photoluminescence image. 7. A method as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 5, wherein said information includes the area sum or area average of dislocation densities or the relative distribution of dislocations in said bandgap material. 8. A method as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 5, wherein said bandgap material comprises silicon. 9. A method as claimed in claim 8, wherein said bandgap material comprises an as-cut or partially processed multicrystalline or monocrystalline silicon wafer. 10. A method as claimed in claim 9, wherein said utilising step includes predicting operational characteristics of a semiconductor device fabricated from said multicrystalline or mono crystalline silicon wafer. 11. A method as claimed in claim 10, wherein said semiconductor device comprises a photovoltaic cell. 12. A method as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 5, wherein said bandgap material comprises a block of silicon. 13. A method as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 5, further comprising the step of performing the method on one or more wafers cut from adjacent or nearby slices of an ingot or block of said bandgap material, and interpolating or extrapolating the results to is predict the operational characteristics of devices fabricated from one or more neighbouring wafers cut from said ingot or block, or to apply a classification to said neighbouring wafers. 14. A method as claimed in claim 1 or claim 3, further or alternatively comprising the step of locating low material quality regions caused by edge defects or impurities along an edge of said bandgap material. 15. A method as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 5, further comprising the step of utilising the classification or predicted operational characteristics to alter parameters associated with a series of processing steps in the formation of a photovoltaic cell so as to improve the quality of said photovoltaic cell. 16. A method as claimed in claim 15, wherein said parameters include the conditions for firing a metal pattern into said bandgap material. 17. A method as claimed in claim 15, wherein said parameters include the diffusion conditions for diffusing materials into said bandgap material, or parameters for any other process that creates doped regions in said material. 18. A method as claimed in claim 1 or claim 3, further comprising the step of normalising said image with regard to the background doping level of said bandgap material. 19. A method as claimed in claim 7, wherein said area sum or area average of dislocation densities or said relative distribution of dislocations is weighted for the location of said dislocations relative to the grid lines or other metallic contacts of a photovoltaic cell. 20. A method as claimed in claim 7, wherein said area sum or area average of dislocation densities or said relative distribution of dislocations is weighted according to the severity of said dislocations. 21. A method as claimed in claim 20, wherein said severity is assessed based on the contrast in a luminescence image. 22. A method as claimed in claim 2, 4 or 5, wherein said information is obtained from said bandgap material by using photoluminescence, microwave photoconductance decay, optical transmission, or optical reflection measurements. 23. A method as claimed in claim 22, wherein said optical transmission or optical reflection measurements are performed in the 1400 nm-1700 nm spectral range. 24. A method as claimed in any one of claims 3 to 5, wherein said device is a photovoltaic cell and said operational characteristics include the open circuit voltage, short circuit current density, fill factor or efficiency. 25. A method as claimed in claim 1, 2 or 5, wherein the classification of said bandgap material includes binning, rejecting, pricing or prediction of one or more operational characteristics of devices fabricated from said material. 26. A method of conducting an analysis of a silicon wafer material, said method including the steps of: (a) capturing a photoluminescence image of said silicon wafer material; (b) processing said image to obtain information about defects in said material; and (c) utilising said information to apply a classification to said silicon wafer material. 27. A method of predicting one or more operational characteristics of a device fabricated from a silicon wafer, said method including the steps of: (a) obtaining at least one silicon wafer sample; (b) capturing a luminescence image of said at least one sample; (c) processing said image to obtain information about defects in said at least one sample; (d) analysing one or more operational characteristics of a device fabricated from said at least one sample; and (e) correlating said operational characteristics with said information, wherein (i) steps (b) and (c) are repeated for further silicon wafer samples to obtain further information about the defects in said further samples; and (ii) said further information is utilised to predict the operational characteristics of devices fabricated from said further samples. 28. A system for conducting an analysis of a bandgap material, said system including: an image capture device for capturing a luminescence image of said bandgap material; an image processor for processing said image to obtain information about defects in said material; and a classifier for utilising said information to apply a classification to said bandgap material. 29. A system for conducting an analysis of a bandgap material, said system including: an acquisition device for obtaining information about dislocation defects in said bandgap material; and a classifier for utilising said information to apply a classification to said bandgap material. 30. A system for predicting one or more operational characteristics of a device fabricated from a bandgap material, said system including: (a) an image capture device for capturing luminescence images of at least one sample of said bandgap material; (b) an image processor for obtaining information about defects in said at least one sample; (c) an analyser for analysing one or more operational characteristics of a device fabricated from said at least one sample; (d) a correlator for obtaining a correlation between said operational characteristics and said information; and (e) a predictor for predicting the operational characteristics of devices fabricated from further samples of said bandgap material, based on said correlation and on information about said defects obtained from said further samples. 31. A system for predicting one or more operational characteristics of a device fabricated from a bandgap material, said system including: (a) an acquisition device for obtaining information about dislocation defects in at least one sample of said bandgap material; (b) an analyser for analysing one or more operational characteristics of a device fabricated from said at least one sample; (c) a correlator for obtaining a correlation between said operational characteristics and said information; and (d) a predictor for predicting the operational characteristics of devices fabricated from further samples of said bandgap material, based on said correlation and on information about dislocation defects obtained from said further samples. 32. A method for distinguishing dislocation defects from grain boundaries in a multicrystalline silicon wafer, said method including the steps of: capturing a luminescence image of said silicon wafer; capturing a conventional optical image of said silicon wafer; and comparing said luminescence and optical images. 33. A system for distinguishing dislocation defects from grain boundaries in a multicrystalline silicon wafer, said system including: a first image capture device for capturing a luminescence image of said silicon wafer; a second image capture device for capturing a conventional optical image of said silicon wafer; and a comparator for comparing said luminescence and optical images. 34. A method for monitoring a process for reducing the density of defects in a bandgap material, said method including the steps of: (a) capturing a photoluminescence image of said material before said process; (b) processing said image to obtain a first measurement of the density of said defects in said material; (c) capturing a photoluminescence image of said material after said process; (d) processing said image to obtain a second measurement of the density of said defects in said material; and (e) comparing said first and second measurements. 35. A method for controlling a process for reducing the density of defects in a bandgap material, said method including the steps of: (a) capturing one or more photoluminescence images of said material before said process, or after said process, or both; (b) processing said images to obtain one or more measurements of the density of said defects in said material; and (c) adjusting one or more conditions of said process based on said one or more measurements. 36. A method as claimed in claim 34 or claim 35, wherein said bandgap material is silicon, said defects are dislocations, and said process is thermal annealing. 37. A system for monitoring a process for reducing the density of defects in a bandgap material, said system including: an image capture device for capturing photoluminescence images of said material before and after said defect reduction process; an image processor for processing said images to obtain measurements of the density of said defects in said material before and after said defect reduction process; and a comparator for comparing said measurements. 38. A system for controlling a process for reducing the density of defects in a bandgap material, said system including: an image capture device for capturing photoluminescence images of said material before and/or after said defect reduction process; an image processor for processing said images to obtain measurements of the density of said defects in said material before and/or after said defect reduction process; and a controller for adjusting one or more conditions of said process based on at least one of said measurements. 39. A system as claimed in claim 37 or claim 38, wherein said bandgap material is silicon, said defects are dislocations, and said process is thermal annealing. 