A commercial vehicle fleet management system which integrates a vehicle on-board computer, a precise positioning system, and communication system to provide automated calculating and reporting of jurisdictional fuel taxes, road use taxes, vehicle registration fees, and the like. Also disclosed is an online mobile communication system and a system for monitoring carrier vehicle efficiency and vehicle and driver performance.
Claims 1. A system for monitoring vehicle efficiency and vehicle driver performance, comprising: a vehicle having a fuel reservoir from which fuel is consumed as an energy source; a positioning system for generating present position information including latitude and longitude information of said vehicle; an odometer for providing a signal representative of the mileage said vehicle has traveled since some predetermined event; a fuel intake monitor for recording the quantity of fuel entering said vehicle fuel reservoir during a refueling operation and for determining the location of said vehicle during said refueling operation; a memory device containing geographic information of the latitudes and longitudes of the boundaries of taxing jurisdictions; a recording device for receiving and recording information; and at least one transducer for monitoring at least one mechanical function of said vehicle; a transceiver for transmitting vehicle efficiency and driver performance and for receiving information regarding at least one of route/itinerary information and the environment the vehicle is and will be functioning in; a processor, coupled with said positioning system, said odometer, said fuel intake monitor, said memory, said at least one transducer, said transceiver, and said recording device for monitoring vehicle status. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said positioning system is a global positioning system receiver. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said positioning system is a LORAN receiver. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein said at least one transducer monitors at least one of the following: weight on wheels, vehicle velocity, wheel velocity, drive mechanism speed, tire pressure, engine speed, vital engine fluid status, operation time, engine idle time, engine-off-time, driver behavior, scheduled service intervals, current weather conditions, wheel spin, brake performance, door openings, and braking behavior. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein said transceiver further includes an automatic transmitter mode selector for determining the best mode of transceiving based on at least one of reception quality and cost. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein said transceiver automatically determines whether to transmit in batch or real-time based at least in part on the type of information to be transmitted. 7. The system of claim 1 further comprising a power supply independent from the power supply of said vehicle. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein said independent power supply is at least partially solar. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein said vehicle has at least one cargo bay and a door allowing access to said cargo bay. 10. The system of claim 9 further comprising an automatic door latch mechanism which prevents said cargo door from being opened accept when the cargo is in a particular locus. 11. The system of claim 9 further comprising an environmental control unit for controlling at least one of the temperature of said cargo and said cargo bay. 12. The system of claim 11 further comprising automatic environmental control unit control based at least in part on anticipated ambient weather conditions. 13. A method for managing a fleet vehicle, comprising: recording an event to be downloaded; upon assigning an emergency status to the event, sending data immediately via a wireless link and repeating said recording event; otherwise, storing data for batch downloading; determining the time elapsed since the last download; upon the elapse of a predetermined time interval, sending data immediately via a wireless link; and otherwise, repeating said determining step. 14. A method for managing a fleet vehicle, comprising: determining the location of the fleet vehicle; checking a database for frequencies available in the geo-cell in which the fleet vehicle is located; trying all available frequencies; determining which of the available frequencies has the best reception; performing a protocol handshake; requesting pertinent information for the geo-cell; sending vehicle and event information to a dispatch office; determining of a change of course is warranted; upon a change of course being warranted, contacting the dispatch office vie a wireless communication link; analyzing a new route; instructing the driver of the fleet vehicle of the new route; and otherwise repeating said location determining step. 15. A method for managing a fleet vehicle, comprising: determining the position of the vehicle; comparing the position of the vehicle with a jurisdictional database; determining the jurisdiction in which the fleet vehicle is located; determining if the vehicle is in the same jurisdiction; upon the jurisdiction not being the same, repeating said position determining step; otherwise, recording the pertinent information of the fleet vehicle; and downloading the pertinent information to a base station. 16. A method for managing a fleet vehicle, comprising: determining the rotational speed of the engine of the fleet vehicle; comparing the rotational speed of the engine with known idle speed values and excessive speed values for determining if the engine is idling and if the rotational speed of the engine is excessive; upon the engine idling, recording an engine idling event and associated data; calculating and recording the percentage idle time; otherwise, upon the rotational speed of the engine being excessive, recording and excessive rotational speed event and associated data; calculating and recording percentage excessive rotational speed time; informing the driver of the excessive rotational speed of the engine of the fleet vehicle; and otherwise, repeating said determining step. 17. A method for managing a fleet vehicle, comprising: determining the speed and position of the fleet vehicle; comparing the speed with a speed limit database based upon the position of the fleet vehicle; upon the fleet vehicle exceeding the speed limit, recording a speeding event and associated data; calculating and recording the percentage speeding time; otherwise, repeating said determining step; upon the percentage speeding time exceeding a predetermined value, warning the driver of the fleet vehicle of the speed of the fleet vehicle exceeding the speed limit; downloading the speeding data to a base station; and otherwise, repeating said determining step. 18. A method for managing a fleet vehicle, comprising: determining the braking pressure applied to the brakes of the fleet vehicle; upon the braking pressure exceeding a predetermined value, recording and excessive braking event and associated data; downloading the excessive braking event and associated data to a base station; and otherwise, repeating said determining step. 19. A method for managing a fleet vehicle, comprising: determining of the shipment of the fleet vehicle is temperature sensitive; upon the shipment being temperature sensitive, determining the temperature of the cargo bay of the fleet vehicle; comparing the temperature of the cargo to a predetermined acceptable temperature range for the shipment; upon the temperature of the cargo bay being outside the predetermined acceptable temperature range, modifying the temperature of the cargo bay to fall within the predetermined temperature range and repeating said determining step; upon the temperature range of the cargo bay being within the predetermined acceptable temperature range, analyzing the route of the fleet vehicle for extreme temperature zones by comparing the route to a temperature database; upon the route not passing through an extreme temperature zone, repeating said determining step; upon the route passing through an extreme temperature zone, calculating the distance and time to the extreme temperature zone; upon the distance and time to the extreme temperature zone not being within a threshold, repeating said determining step; otherwise, anticipating a climactic change; modifying the temperature of the cargo bay according to the anticipated climactic change; and repeating said determining step. 20. A method for managing a fleet vehicle, comprising: locking the cargo bay of the fleet vehicle with an automatic lock; determining the position of the fleet vehicle; comparing the position of the fleet vehicle with the position of the delivery destination; upon the position of the fleet vehicle being the position of the delivery destination, unlocking the cargo bay of the fleet vehicle with the automatic lock; recording a delivery event; downloading the delivery event to a base station; and otherwise, repeating said determining step. 21. A method for managing a fleet vehicle, comprising: determining the weight on the wheels of the fleet vehicle; comparing the determined weight on the wheels with a previously determined weight value; upon the determined weight being greater than or equal to the previously determined weight value, repeating said determining step; otherwise, recording a vehicle unloading event and associated data; determining the position of the fleet vehicle and comparing the position to the delivery location; upon the position of the fleet vehicle not being the delivery location, alerting a dispatch operator of a base station of a possible security breach or misdelivery; otherwise, determining the remaining capacity of the cargo bay of the fleet vehicle; upon a the remaining capacity being sufficient for and additional load, determining if an additional load is available; upon an additional load being available, notifying the driver of the fleet vehicle and the dispatch operator of a change in course to the additional load; and otherwise, continuing the fleet vehicle on a prescheduled route. 22. A method for managing a fleet vehicle, comprising: determining if the driver of the fleet vehicle is on duty; upon the driver not being on duty, calculating the rest period duration; upon the reset period duration not expiring, estimating remaining rest period duration and informing the driver; upon the rest period expiring, informing the driver of expiration of the rest period; upon the driver continuing working, repeating said duty determining step; determining if the driver of the fleet vehicle is driving the fleet vehicle; upon the driver driving the fleet vehicle, calculating continuous driving time; determining whether continuous driving time exceeds a maximum value; upon continuous driving time exceeding a maximum value, informing the driver to stop driving and recording a violation; upon continuous driving time not exceeding a maximum value, repeating said driving determining step; upon the driver not driving, calculating continuous on duty time and determining whether continuous on duty time exceeds a maximum value; upon continuous on duty time exceeding a maximum value, informing the driver to stop and recording a violation; upon continuous on-duty time not exceeding a maximum value, estimating when the maximum value will be exceeded and informing the driver thereof; calculating total on duty time in the last work period; determining whether the total on duty time exceeds a predetermined value; upon total on duty time exceeding the predetermined value, informing the driver to stop and recording a violation; otherwise, estimating when the predetermined value will be exceeded and informing the driver thereof. 23. A method for managing a fleet vehicle for determining jurisdictional location of the fleet vehicle, comprising: detecting the fleet vehicle crossing a jurisdictional border; determining the elapsed driving time of the fleet vehicle; upon the elapsed driving time exceeding a predetermined value, determining a cold start and returning a logical false output; otherwise, determining if the present jurisdiction is known; upon the present jurisdiction not being known, finding the start jurisdiction and determining if the start jurisdiction is known; upon the present jurisdiction not being known, returning a logical false output; otherwise, determining if the present jurisdiction is ambiguous; upon the present jurisdiction being ambiguous, returning a logical false output; otherwise, determining whether the present jurisdiction is the same jurisdiction as the start jurisdiction; upon the present jurisdiction being the start jurisdiction, returning a logical false output; otherwise, updating a jurisdictional border crossing record; updating a current jurisdictional record with the present jurisdiction; and recalculating a jurisdiction band and returning a logical true output. 