A system and method for energy efficient power production of local power production units is provided. The system includes a control server and a series of local power production interfaces that are coupled to local power production units. The control server is configured to control the power production of a plurality of local power production units based on emissions data of each of the local power production units. The control server tracks environmental, gas and particulate emissions from local power production units. The control server instructs local power production units to produce power based on emission characteristics. The control server further tracks the establishment of emission credits, and offers such credits for sale or exchange. In embodiments, local power production units include one or more of fuel cells, microturbines, solar electrical generating devices and wind based electrical generating devices.
Claims 1. A system for managing emission credits, comprising: a control server configured to control the power production of a plurality of local power production units based on emissions data of each of the local power production units; and a plurality of local power production interface units coupled to the control server configured to provide emissions data to the control server. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the control server is further configured to track particulate emissions from local power production units. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the control server is further configured to determine emission credits associated with one or more local power production units and offer for sale or exchange the emission credits. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the control server is further configured to establish a plurality of operational nodes comprising one or more local power production units, wherein the control server is configured to dynamically add or remove local power production units from an operational node based on environmental factors. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the control server if further configured to establish an operational node of local power production units based on power line loss considerations. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the control server is further configured to determine the efficiency of fuel consumption for each local power production unit based on emissions data received by the control server from the local power production interface units. 7. The system of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of interfaces to local power usage meters for monitoring local power consumption associated with a local power production unit. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the local power usage meters include one or more of an electrical meter, gas pressure meter, and fuel consumption meter. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the local power production units comprise one or more of fuel cells, microturbines, solar electrical generating devices and wind based electrical generating devices. 