A reflector array is disclosed that provides for the collection and concentration of a relatively constant daily total quantity of usable energy for one or more energy receivers through use of a collector array support configuration that provides for the efficient use of collector surface and land. This is accomplished by combining a plurality of collectors with a support structure wherein the collectors are carried by a terraced support surface of the structure and the reflective surfaces of the collectors lie in essentially a common sun facing plane at noon. In a preferred embodiment, the terraced support surface is a terraced east-west extending wall of an enclosure such as comprising a residential, commercial or industrial building.
Claims I claim: 1. In a system for collecting and concentrating solar energy for providing highly concentrated solar energy to an energy receiver, the improvement comprising: support means including a terraced support structure; a plurality of substantially reflective collector elements mounted on said support means in closely spaced apart generally non-interelement shading relationship as a unified array of operative elements; said collector elements having surfaces formed as confocal parabolas for effective direction off axis with respect to the energy receiver during most of the period for which sunlight is available; said plurality of collector elements being positioned for reflecting solar energy collected generally horizontally to the energy receiver; and means for driving said collector elements in tracking relationship with said sun while continuously reflecting solar energy toward said energy receiver. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the collected energy is concentrated for direction to an energy receiver having a relatively narrow energy receiving aperture. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the reflective collectors are nonfocusing generally planar reflectors. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the reflective collectors are generally spherical reflectors. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the reflective collectors are of generally Fresnel configuration. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein said reflective collector elements are heliostats. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein said support means supports a plurality of horizontally extending rows of said reflective collector elements. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the interelement relationship establishes a high ratio of reflective surface to non-reflective surface on said terraced support means. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein the reflective surface of the array is in the range of about 50% to 90% of the surface of the terraced support means. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein the concentration of solar energy for delivery to an energy receiver is concentrated at a ratio in the order of up to about 10,000:1. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein the reflective collector elements are provided with equatorial mounting means. 12. The system of claim 1 wherein said support means comprises steps and risers having generally planar normal surfaces and said reflective collector elements are each carried by a pedestal support means. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein said pedestal includes an upper surface inclined at an angle approximately equal to the degree of latitude at which the array is to be operatively positioned. 14. The system of claim 12 wherein said support structure includes a horizontally extending chamfered surface at the juncture of said step and riser surfaces and said chamfered surface is inclined at an angle approximately equal to the degree of latitude at which the array is to be operatively positioned. 15. In a system for collecting and concentrating solar energy for providing highly concentrated solar energy to an energy receiver, the improvement comprising: support means including a terraced support structure; a plurality of substantially reflective collector elements mounted on said support means in closely spaced-apart generally non-interelement shading relationship as a unified array of operative elements; said collector elements having surfaces formed as confocal parabolas for effective direction off axis with respect to the energy receiver during most of the period for which sunlight is available; said plurality of collector elements being positioned for reflecting solar energy collected generally horizontally to the energy receiver; means for driving said collector elements in tracking relationship with said sun while continuously reflecting solar energy toward said receiver; and said support means for supporting said plurality of collector elements comprising a generally terraced generally east-west sun facing wall of a building. 16. The system of claim 15 including a plurality of northerly-southerly disposed generally east-west extending buildings functioning as said support means having first generally terraced generally east-west sun facing walls and having second generally east-west nonsun facing substantially vertical walls wherein said plurality of buildings include at least one energy receiver means mounted in at least one vertical wall adapted to receive solar energy collected, concentrated and generally horizontally reflected from said next adjacent building 17. A solar energy system for collecting and concentrating solar energy, comprising; support means including an integral terraced support structure; a receiver located at or near gound level spaced from said support means and having a generally planar solar energy receiving aperture; a plurality of substantially reflective collector elements mounted on said support means in closely spaced apart generally non-interelement shading relationship as a unified substantially planar array at a slope with respect to a ground plane such that the solar energy received by said collector elements is generally reflected horizontally or downwardly to said receiver; said collector elements having reflective surfaces for effective off-axis tracking of the sun with respect to said receiver during the period for which sunlight is available and for reflecting solar energy to said energy receiving aperture; means for driving said collector elements in tracking relationship with the sun while continuously reflecting solar energy toward the receiver aperture. 18. The solar energy system of claim 17 wherein said plurality of substantially reflective collector elements have substantially the same radius of curvature. 19. The solar energy system of claim 17 wherein said plurality of substantially reflective collector elements have two different radii of curvature in respect to a set or orthogonal axes in the reflective surface of an ellipsoidal solid. 20. The solar energy system of claim 17, wherein said driving means includes two-axis tracking means. 21. The solar energy system of claim 17 wherein said planar array and said generally planar solar energy receiving aperture are mutually at right angles to a north-south axis therethrough. 22. The solar energy system of claim 20, wherein said integral terraced support structure has surface portions set at an angle relative to the ground plane substantially equal to the local latitude such that a north-south line in the plane of said surface portions is substantially parallel to the earth's polar axis. 23. The solar energy system of claim 17 further comprising a first building in which said receiver is located and wherein said support means further includes a second building on which said terraced support structure is mounted. 