The instant invention is an automatic biaxial sun tracking mechanism for use with solar energy utilization devices. Said devices are mounted on said invention, said devices forming no specific part of said invention. The invention is comprised of three principal parts: (1) a polar shaft, (2) a declination disk, and (3) a mount structure for positioning and supporting said solar energy utilization devices. Operation of the invention is as follows: Said declination disk, which is rotatably connected to said polar shaft, causes said mount structure, which is pivotly connected to said polar shaft and also has moving contact with said declination disk, to move in its proper declination course while said mount structure simultaneously moves in its proper right ascension course about the longitudinal axis of said polar shaft. The invention may incorporate compensating means to improve tracking accuracy. Proper operating movements are provided by suitable gearing and drive mechanisms. Said mount structure for positioning and supporting said solar energy utilization devices has three principal configurations in order to provide adequate options for receiver target location, said receiver target location being either integral with said solar energy utilization device (moving target) or external to said solar energy utilization device (stationary target).
Claims Having thus described my invention, what I claim as new and desire by Letters Patent of the United States is set forth in the following one independent claim and nine dependent claims (making ten claims in all): 1. An automatic biaxial sun tracking mechanism for solar energy utilization devices comprising means for continuously orienting said devices relative to the sun, said means including: A. a polar shaft oriented with its longitudinal axis parallel to the earth's axis of rotation, said polar shaft having suitable means for rotation in its bearing support; B. a declination disk rotatably connected to said polar shaft and oriented with its plane surfaces tilted with respect to the polar axis, said declination disk having suitable means for rotation relative to said polar shaft; C. a mount structure for supporting and positioning said solar energy utilization devices, said mount structure being pivotly connected by means of a structure arm to said polar shaft and said structure arm also having moving contact with a surface or surfaces of said declination disk. 2. In a mechanism as defined in claim 1, wherein said declination disk has its plane surfaces oriented so that said surfaces are permitted to remain parallel to the sun's ecliptic plane. 3. In a mechanism as defined in claim 1, wherein: A. said declination disk has its plane surfaces oriented so that said surfaces are permitted to remain parallel to a plane which bisects the earth's equatorial plane and the sun's ecliptic plane; B. said mount structure comprising (1) a lower element pivotly connected to said polar shaft and having moving contact with a surface or surfaces of said declination disk; (2) an upper element, on which said solar energy utilization devices are mounted, rotatably connected to said lower element and with suitable means for rotation relative to said lower element. 4. In a mechanism as defined in claim 1, wherein said mount structure has pivoting connection to said polar shaft and moving contact with said declination disk by means of multiple structure arms having a pivoting parallelogram construction. 5. In a mechanism as defined in claim 1, wherein each said means for rotation is one of the following: A. unidirectional and continuously operable, B. unidirectional and intermittently operable, C. reversible and continuously operable, D. reversible and intermittently operable. 6. In a mechanism as defined in claim 2, wherein mechanism movement is as follows: A. said polar shaft rotates uniformly one revolution per day in a direction opposite to the earth's axial rotation; B. said declination disk has the combined movements of uniform rotation about said polar shaft one revolution per year and rotation with said polar shaft; C. said mount structure rotates simultaneously about polar and declination axes by means of its pivot connection to said polar shaft and moving contact with a surface or surfaces of said declination disk. 7. In a mechanism as defined in claim 3, wherein mechanism movement is as follows: A. said polar shaft rotates uniformly one revolution per day in a direction opposite to the earth's axial rotation; B. said declination disk has the combined movements of uniform rotation about said polar shaft one revolution per year and rotation with said polar shaft; C. said lower element of mount structure rotates simultaneously about polar and declination axes by means of its pivot connection to said polar shaft and moving contact with a surface or surfaces of said declination disk; D. said upper element of mount structure has movement equal to the combination of two movements, one of which is declination movement with said lower element and the other of which is rotational movement in the same direction as but a rate which is one half of said polar shaft rotation. 8. In a mechanism as defined in claim 1, wherein corrective orbital minor compensation is accomplished by means of a drive with said declination disk, said drive being oriented perpendicular and eccentric to the polar axis. 9. In a mechanism as defined in claim 1, wherein corrective angular and orbital minor compensations are accomplished by means of a drive with said declination disk, said drive being oriented parallel to said declination disk and eccentric to the polar axis. 10. In a mechanism as defined in claim 1, wherein corrective orbital major compensation is applied to said means for rotation of said polar shaft by mounting said means for rotation on an arm which is pivotly connected to a suitable support, said arm also having a follower, said follower engaging a cam, said cam having suitable means for rotation relative to a support structure. 