A method and structure for environmental control of plant growth in greenhouse conditions. The structure comprises a translucent stressed fabric shell on a base, the shell and base enclosing a predetermined space within which to grow horticultural plants, the shell and base sealing the environment within the space against external environmental air conditions. Temperature, humidity carbon dioxide are monitored and controlled within the space by a microprocessor programmed to provide optimum temperature, humidity and carbon dioxide conditions within the space. The structure and method are ideally suited to nutrient film techniques, wherein nutrient being fed to the plant roots is monitored and controlled by the microprocessor.
Claims What I claim as my invention: 1. A controlled environment structure within which to grow horticultural plants comprising a base having a sloped floor; a translucent heat-conductive stressed impermeable fabric shell mounted and supported on said base to sealingly enclose a predetermined spaced within which horticultural plants are to be grown against external environmental conditions; temperature monitor and temperature control means for the space; humidity monitor and humidity control means for the space; carbon dioxide monitor and carbon dioxide control means for the space; microprocessor control means electronically associated with the temperature monitor and control means, humidity monitor and carbon dioxide monitor and control means and programmed to provide optimum temperature, humidity and carbon dioxide conditions for the plants being cultivated in the space; means for generating a mist cloud for evaporation within said shell and subsequent condensing on an interanl surface of said sehll to cool the structure; and means for collecting and recycling the condensate from said internal surface of said shell. 2. A structure according to claim 1 further comprising: (a) plant root nutrient monitor means and plant root nutrient control means for plants grown within the space, the microprocessor control means also electronically associated with the plant root nutrient monitor and control means and programmed to provide optimum nutrient concentration conditions for nutrient solution being fed to the roots of the plants being cultivated in the space. 3. A structure according to claim 2 wherein the nutrient control means comprises a nutrient solution mixing tank, a nutrient source activated by the microprocessor control means to feed nutrient into the tank, and nutrient supply means to feed nutrient solution from the tank to the roots of the plants being cultivated. 4. A structure according to claim 2 further provided with alarm means to signal when temperature, humidity, plant root nutrient concentration, or carbon dioxide conditions in the space go beyond a predetermined range and cannot be returned by the respective corresponding control means. 5. A structure according to claim 2 wherein the shell has convex sides extending upwardly to a peak and wherein reflector means are provided outside of the shell to reflect solar radiation into the space. 6. A structure according to claim 2 wherein said temperature control means includes a heater means for heating the space. 7. A structure according to claim 1 wherein the fabric is technically woven polyvinyl chloride coated polyester scrim with about a 95% light translucency. 8. A structure according to claim 1 which further comprises spray means for controlled spraying of a film of water over the external surface of said shell to provide for condensation of water on an interior surface of said shell. 9. A structure according to claim 1 wherein the carbon dioxide control means comprises a carbon dioxide source activated by the microprocessor control means to feed required amounts of carbon dioxide to the space. 10. A structure according to claim 1 further provided with purification means for the air supplied to the space. 11. A structure according to claim 10 further provided with purification means for water supplied to the space. 12. A structure as set forth in claim 1 wherein said shell includes a plurality of rib members resting on said base and light translucent fabric tensioned between said ribs. 13. A method of plant husbandry which comprises: growning plants in a sealed environment within a translucent stressed fabric shell mounted on a base, the environment within the space being sealed against external environmental air conditions; controlling the temperature, humidity and carbon dioxide conditions within the space to ensure that optimum conditions for plant growth are maintained; controlling the plant root nutrient and water conditions for optimum plant growth; spraying a film of water over the shell to cool said shell; and generating a cloud of vapor within the space for temperature and humidity control. 14. A method according to claim 13 including the step of providing adjacent the shell to enhance solar radiation entering the shell by reflection. 15. A method as set forth in claim 13 which further comprises the steps of spraying the film of water over the external surface of said shell to cool said shell and produce condensation on an inner surface of said shell, collecting condensed water from said inner surface of said shell and recycling the collected water. 16. A controlled environment structure for growing horticultural plants comprising: a translucent stressed heat-conductive impermeable fabric shell disposed on a base to define a growing area sealed against external environmental air conditions; a series of temperature monitors within said area; a series of carbon dioxide monitors within said said area; a plurality of temperature sensors in said shell; an internal mist generation system in said area to generate a mist therein; a carbon dioxide delivery system for supplying carbon dioxide to said area; a nutrient delivery system for supplying nutrient solution to said area; and a microprocessor electronically connected to said monitors, said sensors, said mist generation system an each said delivery system to control the delivery of carbon dioxide from said carbon dioxide delivery means to said area and to control the delivery of nutrient solution from said nutrient delivery means to said area in dependence upon the temperature, relative humidity and carbon dioxide content of the atmosphere in said area. 17. A structure as set forth in claim 16 further comprising collector means for collecting water condensing on an interior surface of said shell and means for recycling the collected water to said mist generation system. 18. A controlled environment structure within which to grow horticultural plants, comprising: a translucent hat-conductive stressed impermeable fabric shell on a base, the shell and base enclosing a predetermined space within which horicultural plants are to be grown, the shell and base sealing the environment within the space against external environmental conditions; temperature monitor and temperature control means for the space, said temperature control means comprising heater means and cooling means including mist generation means positioned within said shell above said base to produce a mist cloud over the plants and spray means for controlled spraying of a film of water over the external surface of said shell to provide for condensation of water on an interior surface of said shell; humidity monitor and humidity control means for the space; carbon dioxide monitor and carbon dioxide control means for the space; and microprocessor control means electronically associated with the temperature monitor and control means, humidity monitor and control means and carbon dioxide monitor and control means and programmed to provide optimum temperature, humidity and carbon dioxide conditions for the plants being cultivated in the space. 19. A structure according to claim 18 further comprising collector means for water condensing on the interior surface of the shell and means to recycle the condensed water from the collector means to one of either the mist generation means or the plant root nutrient and water control means. 20. A structure according to claim 19 wherein the shell is elongated and has convex sides extending upwardly to a central peak along its elongated direction, the spray means being mounted to spray water in a film over the external surface and down both sides of the shell. 21. A structure according to claim 19 wherein the nutrient control means comprises a nutrient solution mixing tank, a nutrient source activated by the microprocessor control means to feed nutrient into the tank, and nutrient supply means to feed nutrient solution from the tank to the roots of the plants being cultivated, and wherein the water from the collector means is passed to the tank. 22. A structure according to claim 18 wherein the shell is elongated and has convex sides extending upwardly to a central peak along its elongated direction, the spray means being mounted to spray water in a film over the external surface and down both sides of the shell. 23. A controlled environment structure within which to grow horticultural plants comprising: a base having a sloped floor; a translucent heat-conductive stressed impermeable fabric shell mounted and supported on said base to sealingly enclose a predetermined spaced within which horticultural plants are to be grown against external environmental conditions; temperature monitor and temperature control means for the space; humidity monitor and humidity control means for the space; carbon dioxide monitor and carbon dioxide control means for the space; microprocessor control means electronically associated with the temperature monitor and control means, humidity monitor and carbon dioxide monitor and control means and programmed to provide optimum temperature, humidity and carbon dioxide conditons for the plants being cultivated in the space; and cooling means for controlled spraying of water over an external surface of said shell to cool the structure. 24. A structure as set forth in claim 23 which further comprises at least one temperature sensor in said shell for sensing the temperature of said shell, said cooling means being responsive to said sensor sensing a predetermined temperature to cool said shell. 