A light for providing illuminated holiday decorations. The inventive device includes a fiber optic light string having a plurality of elongated optical radiators extending from a fiber optic cable. A light assembly generates illumination for dispensing through the fiber optic cable and projecting optical radiators. The light string can be incorporated into decorative garland, a wreath, or a Christmas tree structure.
Claims What is claimed as being new and desired to be protected by LETTERS PATENT of the United States is as follows: 1. A decorative fiber optic light comprising: a light means for generating illumination; a fiber optic light string extending from the light means; wherein the fiber optic light string comprises a fiber optic cable including a transparent core encapsulated by a reflective casing; and a plurality of elongated optical radiators extending from the fiber optic cable and directed through the reflective casing into optical communication with the transparent core such that illumination directed through the transparent core of the fiber optic cable will radiate through the elongated optical radiators; wherein the elongated optical radiators each comprise a substantially transparent material formed into an elongated linear rod; wherein the elongated optical radiators are oriented in spaced pluralities, with each plurality of optical radiators being radially spaced about the fiber optic cable and residing within a common plane; wherein the spaced pluralities of the elongated optical radiators are positioned in a substantially spaced and parallel orientation relative to one another along the length of the fiber optic cable; wherein the light means is mounted to a first end of the fiber optic light string; and further comprising a mounting ring secured to a second end of the fiber optic light string so as to permit securement of the second end relative to a supporting structure. 2. The decorative fiber optic light of claim 1, wherein the light means includes a solar panel. 3. The decorative fiber optic light of claim 2, wherein the light is in the form of a wreath including an annular form, with the fiber optic light string being helically wound about the annular form; and further comprising a decorative bow secured to an upper portion of the annular form. 4. The decorative fiber optic light of claim 3, wherein the light means is positioned along an upper portion of the annular form. 5. The decorative fiber optic light of claim 2, wherein the light is in the form of a Christmas tree and includes a plurality of fiber optic light strings, the Christmas tree comprising a center stanchion; a base member secured to the center stanchion so as to support the center stanchion in a substantially orthogonal orientation relative to a ground surface; with the plurality of fiber optic light strings extending through the center stanchion and projecting outwardly therefrom through longitudinally spaced apertures directed through the center stanchion, the fiber optic light strings being supported so as to project outwardly and at an oblique angle from the center stanchion. 6. A decorative fiber optic light comprising: a light means for generating illumination; a fiber optic light string extending from the light means; wherein the fiber optic light string comprises a flexible fiber optic cable including a transparent core encapsulated by a reflective casing; and a plurality of elongated optical radiators extending from the fiber optic cable and directed through the reflective casing into optical communication with the transparent core such that illumination directed through the transparent core of the fiber optic cable will radiate through the elongated optical radiators; wherein the elongated optical radiators each comprise a substantially transparent material formed into an elongated linear rod; wherein the light means is mounted to a first end of the fiber optic light string; and further comprising a mounting ring secured to a second end of the fiber optic light string so as to permit securement of the second end relative to a supporting structure. 