A new evaporative cooler solar retrofit kit for taking an evaporative cooler off of an electrical power grid, thus reducing the amount of electrical power supplied by such a grid, and reducing the cost of operating such a cooler. The inventive device includes a solar panel which is mountable on the housing of the evaporative cooler, a dc motor for replacing the existing blower motor, and a dc motor driven pump for replacing the existing pump motor and pump. The solar panel is electrically coupled to the dc motor and to the dc motor driven pump, such that the electricity generated by the solar panel provides the electricity for operating the evaporative cooler. Therefore, the cooler utilizes energy provided by sunlight, which reduces the use of commercially supplied energy. The cooler will operate from sunrise to sunset when air cooling is most required.
Claims I claim: 1. A method of retrofitting an evaporative cooler of the type having a housing, a blower mounted within the housing and driven by a blower motor, a water cooling system within the housing, and a pump motor driving a circulation pump for circulating water within the water cooling system, the method comprising the following steps: mounting a solar panel on the housing; replacing the blower motor with a dc motor and electrically coupling the solar panel to the dc motor; and replacing the pump motor and circulation pump with a dc motor driven pump, and electrically coupling the solar panel to the dc motor driven pump. 2. The method as recited in claim 1, wherein the mounting step comprises connecting the solar panel to the housing using a hinge to permit adjustments of the solar panel relative to the housing. 3. The method as recited in claim 2, wherein the solar panel includes a pair of adjusting arms connected thereto, and wherein the mounting step further comprises engaging the adjusting arms with adjusting mechanisms on the housing so that the solar panel can be adjusted relative to the housing. 4. The method of claim 1 additionally comprising the step of providing a solar panel for mounting to the housing. 5. The method of claim 4 additionally comprising the step of connecting the solar panel to the housing so as to permit adjustments of the panel relative to the housing. 6. The method of claim 1 additionally comprising the step of connecting the solar panel to the housing by a hinge located along one edge of the housing. 7. The method of claim 1 additionally comprising the step of mounting a pair of adjusting arms extending from the solar panel and attaching adjusting mechanisms to the housing, the adjusting arms engaging the adjusting mechanisms to permit adjustment of the panel relative to the housing. 