A momentum control system for driving the momentum of a spinning spacecraft to zero while it spins around a sunline. The system includes a sun sensor for determining the position of the sun, a suite of tachometers for determining the momentum stored in the spacecraft, and a stored movement sensor. Each of the readings from these sensors is fed to a controller. The controller also monitors the magnitude of the spacecraft overturning momentum and the windmill momentum. If the overturning momentum is outside acceptable limits then the rotation rate of the spacecraft is modulated to drive the overturning momentum towards zero. If the windmill momentum exceeds acceptable limits, the angle of the solar panel is adjusted to drive the windmill momentum towards zero.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for managing the momentum of a spacecraft comprising: determining the position of the sun; sensing the spin rate of the spacecraft; sensing the amount of stored momentum to the spacecraft; communicating said sun position, said spin rate, and said amount of stored momentum into a controller; comparing a desired spacecraft state with an observed state as determined by said controller based on said sun position, said spin rate, and said amount of stored momentum; determining whether said spacecraft spin rate is in accordance with said desired state; determining whether a position of a solar array attached to said spacecraft is in accordance with said desired state; and adjusting said spacecraft spin rate and/or said solar array position without the use of thrusters if either is not in accordance with said desired rate. 2. The method as recited in claim 1, wherein said spacecraft is an asymmetric spacecraft having a single solar array. 3. The method as recited in claim 1, wherein said step of adjusting said spacecraft includes spinning said spacecraft at a nominal spin rate for one portion of a revolution and at a slower speed during a second portion of said revolution to drive any overturning momentum towards zero. 4. The method as recited in claim 3, wherein said spacecraft is spinning at a nominal spin rate when said overturning momentum is within 90.degree. of an estimated torque vector of said spacecraft, and is spinning at said slower speed when said overturning momentum is opposite said torque vector. 5. The method as recited in claim 1, wherein said step of adjusting said spacecraft spin rate only occurs when said spacecraft has an overturning momentum that exceeds a lower limit. 6. The method as recited in claim 1, wherein said step of adjusting said position of said solar array includes: sampling windmill momentum periodically when the spacecraft rotation rate is steady. 7. The method as recited in claim 6, wherein the change in said windmill momentum is used to determine an estimate of windmill torque. 8. A system for managing the momentum of a spacecraft having a spacecraft body and a solar panel comprising: a sun sensor for determining the location of the sun; a gyroscope for determining the roll, pitch and yaw rates of the spacecraft; a suite of tachometers for determining the amount of any stored momentum in the spacecraft; a controller in communication with said sun sensor, said gyroscope and said tachometers to determine if the spacecraft is in the desired state; apparatus for determining any overturning momentum accumulated in said spacecraft; and apparatus for determining any windmill momentum accumulated in said spacecraft; and apparatus for adjusting said spacecraft to drive said overturning momentum and said windmill momentum towards zero without the use of thrusters whereby the spacecraft can remain in a sunhold attitude indefinitely. 9. The system as recited in claim 8, wherein said spacecraft includes an instrument on said spacecraft which has certain field of view requirements causing said spacecraft to be asymmetric in design. 10. The system as recited in claim 8, wherein said windmill momentum is driven towards zero by changing the angle of said solar panel. 11. The system as recited in claim 8, wherein said overturning momentum is driven towards zero by manipulating said spin rate of the spacecraft. 12. A method for maintaining a spacecraft in a momentum safe state indefinitely, comprising: rotating said spacecraft about a sunline; monitoring the position of said sun; sensing the spin rate of the spacecraft; sensing the spin rate of the spacecraft; sensing the amount of stored momentum in the spacecraft; communicating said sun position, said spin rate, and said amount of stored momentum into a controller; monitoring spacecraft momentum in an overturning plane; monitoring spacecraft momentum about a windmill axis; spinning said spacecraft without the use of thrusters at a slower rate when said overturning momentum is located in half-space of said overturning plane exceeding an estimated spacecraft torque unit vector. 13. The method as recited in claim 12, wherein said step of monitoring overturning spacecraft momentum includes: computing an overturning momentum magnitude. 14. The method as recited in claim 13, wherein said step of monitoring said overturning spacecraft momentum further includes: comparing said overturning momentum magnitude to a limit. 15. The method as recited in claim 14, wherein when said overturning momentum magnitude exceeds said limit, said system adjusts said spacecraft spin rate by: spinning said spacecraft at a slower spin rate when said overturning momentum is located in a half-space of said overturning plane exceeding an estimated spacecraft torque unit vector. 16. The method as recited in claim 15, wherein said spacecraft is spun at a normal spin rate when said overturning momentum is located in said half-space of said overturning plane including in the direction of said torque unit vector. 17. The method as recited in claim 12, wherein when said overturning momentum magnitude is greater than a momentum dump limit, said spacecraft performs overturning momentum dumping. 18. The method as recited in claim 12, wherein said step of spinning said spacecraft includes spinning said spacecraft at a nominal spin rate for one portion of a revolution and at a slower speed during a second portion of said revolution to drive any overturning momentum towards zero. 19. The method as recited in claim 18, wherein said spacecraft is spinning at a nominal spin rate when said overturning momentum is within 90.degree. of an estimated toque vector of said spacecraft and is spinning at said slower speed when said overturning momentum is opposite said torque vector. 