An anti-terrorist communication monitoring device and method for providing a user with a data regarding a content of a communication system is provided. The device includes a sensor to provide the data regarding the content of the communication system, a wireless transmitter including a power supply, a video camera, and a microphone, and a wireless receiver including a security processor to provide an anti-terrorist function, a video monitor to provide for a display of the data regarding the content of the communication system, and a circuit to decode and generate an image, wherein said image is to be displayed on said video monitor.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An anti-terrorist communication monitoring device for providing a user with a data regarding a content of a communication system, comprising: a sensor to provide the data regarding the content of the communication system, which is a United States Postal Mailbox; a wireless transmitter including a power supply, a video camera, and a microphone; and a wireless receiver including a security processor to provide an anti-terrorist function, a video monitor to provide for a display of the data regarding the content of the communication system, and a circuit to decode and generate an image, wherein said image is to be displayed on said video monitor. 2. The device according to claim 1, wherein the sensor comprises an Infrared sensor. 3. The device according to claim 1, wherein the communication system comprises a mailbox. 4. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter is coupled with a United States Postal Mailbox. 5. The device according to claim 1, wherein the power supply of said wireless transmitter includes a solar energy internal capacitor. 6. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter further includes an alarm. 7. The device according to claim 1, further comprising a remote transmitter, wherein upon said wireless receiver detecting a transmission from said remote transmitter, said wireless receiver generates a response. 8. The device according to claim 7, wherein said wireless receiver communicates with said remote transmitter via a wireless telecommunications network. 9. The device according to claim 7, wherein said wireless receiver communicates with said remote transmitter via a voice recognition system. 10. The device according to claim 7, wherein said response includes a system reset. 11. The device according to claim 7, wherein said response includes an alarm reset. 12. The device according to claim 7, wherein said remote transmitter includes an Infrared remote transmitter. 13. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter includes a theft/vandalism deterrent system. 14. The device according to claim 13, wherein said theft/vandalism deterrent system includes a scanning device to provide the data. 15. The device according to claim 14, wherein said scanning device includes an infrared scanning device. 16. The device according to claim 15 wherein said scanning device provides for a detection of a substance contained within the contents of the mailbox. 17. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless receiver is coupled with a wireless telecommunication system. 18. The device according to claim 17, wherein said wireless receiver includes a voice recognition system to provide use with an access to the data. 19. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless receiver includes a transmitter. 20. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter provides the user with the data. 21. The device according to claim 20, wherein the data is retrieved upon a request by the user initiating a data retrieval. 22. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter communicates via a unique identification code to provide a unique location identifier. 23. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless receiver communicates via wireless telecommunication. 24. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless receiver responds to a preprogrammed sound. 25. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless receiver responds to a voice command. 26. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless receiver displays a time elapsed from a mailbox door open time. 27. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter stores a mailbox information data packet. 28. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter codes and transmits a graphic image corresponding to said mailbox information data packet. 29. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter codes and transmits an audio stream corresponding to said mailbox information data packet. 30. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless receiver stores a mailbox information data packet. 31. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless receiver decodes a graphic image corresponding to said mailbox information data packet. 32. The device according to claim 28, wherein said wireless receiver decodes an audio stream corresponding to said mailbox information data packet. 33. The device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitter includes a Global Positioning Satellite system. 