Systems, methods and apparatus are provided through which in some embodiments an autonomic unit transmits an otoacoustic signal to counteract a potentially harmful incoming signal.
Claims We claim: 1. An autonomous nanotechnology swarm, the autonomous nanotechnology swarm comprising: a first worker composed of self-similar autonomic components; a second worker composed of self-similar autonomic components; and a third worker composed of self-similar autonomic components, wherein the third worker facilitates communication between the first worker and the second worker, wherein the first worker generates a heart beat monitor signal and a pulse monitor signal, and wherein the second worker includes an otoacoustic component, the otoacoustic component transmitting a neutralizing data signal to counteract a potentially harmful signal that refrains from modifying the potentially harmful signal and the autonomic components. 2. The autonomous nanotechnology swarm of claim 1, wherein the otoacoustic component is further operable to generate an otoacoustic signal having an overriding effect on a reflex signal received by the autonomous nanotechnology swarm. 3. The autonomous nanotechnology swarm of claim 1, wherein the otoacoustic component is further operable to generate an otoacoustic signal that renders the harmful signal harmless. 4. The autonomous nanotechnology swarm of claim 1, wherein the otoacoustic component is further operable to generate an otoacoustic signal that has an equalizing effect on a reflex signal received by the autonomous nanotechnology swarm. 5. The autonomous nanotechnology swarm of claim 1, wherein each worker further comprises a first plurality of neural basis functions; and a first evolvable neural interface operably coupled to each of the first plurality of neural basis functions. 6. The autonomous nanotechnology swarm of claim 1, wherein each worker further comprises a solar salting subset of neural basis functions operable to control sail deployment and subsequent configuration activity; a spacecraft inter communication subset of neural basis functions operable to control communication with other workers and rulers; a housekeeping subset of neural basis functions operable to control the spacecraft housekeeping; a ruler subset of neural basis functions operable to coordinate one or more activities; and a spacecraft navigation and propulsion subset of neural basis functions operable to control navigation and propulsion. 