A system includes an energy source configured for operating as a current limited source and a DC-to-DC converter or current switched inverter configured to receive current from the energy source and comprising a normally-on switch.
Claims 1. A system comprising an energy source configured for operating as a current limited source; and a DC-to-DC converter configured to receive current from the energy source and comprising a normally-on switch. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the energy source comprises a photovoltaic energy source. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the energy source comprises a fuel cell. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the switch comprises a material selected from the group consisting of a gallium arsenide, gallium nitride, diamond, or carbon nanotubes. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the switch comprises a silicon carbide switch. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein the switch comprises a JFET. 7. The system of claim 5 wherein the switch comprises a depletion mode MOSFET. 8. The system of claim 5 wherein the DC-to-DC converter further comprises a silicon carbide diode. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein the diode comprises a schottky diode. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein the DC-to-DC converter further comprises a gallium nitride diode. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein the energy source comprises a photovoltaic energy source, wherein the switch comprises a JFET, and wherein the DC-to-DC converter further comprises a schottky diode. 12. A power converter system comprising: a DC-to-DC current fed converter comprising a normally-on switch configured for providing an adjusted DC voltage; a voltage fed inverter configured for converting the adjusted DC voltage into an AC current. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein the DC-to-DC converter comprises a boost converter. 14. The system of claim 12 wherein the switch comprises a wide band gap semiconductor switch. 15. The system of claim 12 wherein the switch comprises silicon carbide and wherein the DC-to-DC converter further comprises a silicon carbide diode. 16. The converter of claim 15 wherein the switch comprises a JFET. 17. A photovoltaic inverter comprising: a DC-to-DC current fed boost converter comprising a normally-on switch, a diode, and an inductor and configured for providing DC voltage from a photovoltaic energy source; and an inverter configured for converting the DC voltage into an AC current. 18. The inverter of claim 17 wherein the normally-on switch and the diode comprise a wide bandgap semiconductor material. 19. The inverter of claim 18 wherein the switch comprises a JFET and the diode comprises a schottky diode. 20. The inverter of claim 17 wherein the switch comprises a depletion mode MOSFET. 21. A power converter system comprising: a DC-to-DC current fed converter configured for providing an adjusted DC voltage; a current switched inverter configured for converting the adjusted DC voltage into an AC current, the current switched inverter comprising normally-on switches. 22. The system of claim 21 further comprising a DC link and wherein the inverter further comprises an inductance coupling the inverter to the DC link. 23. The system of claim 21 wherein the normally-on switch of the inverter comprises an inverter normally-on switch, and wherein the converter further comprises a converter normally-on switch. 24. The system of claim 21 wherein the converter is configured for receiving current from an energy source configured for operating as a current limited source. 25. The system of claim 21 wherein the energy source comprises a photovoltaic energy source. 26. The system of claim 21 wherein the switch comprises a material selected from the group consisting of a gallium arsenide, gallium nitride, diamond, carbon nanotubes, or silicon carbide. 27. The system of claim 21 wherein the switch comprises a JFET. 28. The system of claim 21 wherein the switch comprises a depletion mode MOSFET. 29. A power converter system comprising: a current switched inverter configured for converting a filtered voltage of a current limited energy source into an AC current, the current switched inverter comprising normally-on switches. 30. The system of claim 29 further comprising a filter capacitor and a filter inductance coupling the inverter to the filter capacitor. 31. The system of claim 29 wherein the energy source comprises a photovoltaic energy source. 32. The system of claim 29 wherein the switch comprises a material selected from the group consisting of a gallium arsenide, gallium nitride, diamond, carbon nanotubes, or silicon carbide. 33. The system of claim 29 wherein the switch comprises a JFET. 34. The system of claim 29 wherein the switch comprises a depletion mode MOSFET. 