A leadframe based photovoltaic assembly and method for assembling the same is disclosed. The photovoltaic assembly comprises a first and second mold compounds to effectuate the accurate placement of an optical concentrator above a photovoltaic cell. The photovoltaic assembly is able to be assembled using existing mature semiconductor packaging technologies.
Claims 1. A mounting assembly for a photovoltaic device comprising: a. a metal substrate having a front surface and a back surface; b. a first mold compound encapsulating at least a portion of the metal substrate; c. at least one photovoltaic device coupled to the front surface of the metal substrate to effectuate transfer of current therethrough; d. a second mold compound encapsulating at least a portion of the first mold compound, having an opening configured to receive a solar concentrator; e. a solar concentrator configured to concentrate light onto the at least one photovoltaic cell. 2. The mounting assembly of claim 1 wherein the at least one photovoltaic device comprises an anode side and a cathode side, and is coupled to the metal substrate on its cathode side. 3. The mounting assembly of claim 1 wherein the anode side of the photovoltaic device is coupled to at least one current bus by at least one bondwire. 4. The mounting assembly of claim 1 wherein the back surface of the metal substrate is oxidized. 5. The mounting assembly of claim 1 wherein the first mold compound is applied using a molding procedure. 6. The mounting assembly of claim 1 wherein the second mold compound is applied using a molding procedure. 7. The mounting assembly of claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic device is mounted on a non-encapsulated portion. 8. The mounting assembly of claim 1 wherein further comprising a protection diode. 9. The mounting assembly of claim 1 wherein the mounting assembly is mounted on a passive heat sink. 10. The mounting assembly of claim 1 wherein the mounting assembly is mounted on an active heat sink. 11. The mounting assembly of claim 1 wherein the mounting assembly is liquid cooled. 12. A method of assembling a photovoltaic device comprising: a. applying a first mold compound to a metal substrate having a front and a back surface and encapsulating at least a portion of the metal substrate; b. mounting at least one photovoltaic device on the front surface of the metal substrate; c. applying a second mold compound and encapsulating at least a portion of the first mold compound; d. forming an opening in the second mold compound configured to receive a solar concentrator; and e. mounting a solar concentrator configured to concentrate light on the photovoltaic device. 13. The method of claim 12 further comprising cutting a tie bar to effectuate electrical isolation. 14. The method of claim 12 wherein the back surface of the metal substrate is oxidized. 15. The method of claim 12 wherein the first mold compound is applied using a molding procedure. 16. The method of claim 12 wherein the second mold compound is applied using a molding procedure. 17. The method of claim 12 wherein the photovoltaic device is mounted on a non-encapsulated portion. 18. The method of claim 12 wherein further comprising a mounting a protection diode. 19. The method of claim 12 further comprising mounting the assembly on a passive heat sink. 20. The method of claim 12 further comprising mounting the assembly on an active heat sink. 21. The method of claim 12 further comprising mounting the assembly on a liquid cooling mechanism. 