An energy device includes a solar concentrator that concentrates at least 20 suns on a predetermined spot; a solar cell positioned on the predetermined spot to receive concentrated solar energy from the solar concentrator; and a water heater pipe thermally coupled to the solar cell to remove heat from the solar cell.
Claims 1. An energy device, comprising: a. a solar concentrator that concentrates at least 20 suns on a predetermined spot; b. a solar cell positioned on the predetermined spot to receive concentrated solar energy from the solar concentrator; and c. a water heater pipe thermally coupled to the solar cell to remove heat from the solar cell. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the solar concentrator heats the water heater pipe. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein the solar concentrator comprises one of: a mirror, a lens, a mirror-lens combination. 4. The device of claim 1, comprising an inverter to generate AC power to supply to an electricity grid and a water pump to distribute heated water to a building. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein the solar cell comprises one of: a quadruple junction solar cell, a quintuple junction solar cell. 6. The device of claim 5, wherein the AC voltage booster is one of: a step-up transformer, a pulse-width-modulation (PWM) voltage booster. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein the solar concentrator comprises a first curved reflector adapted to reflect light to a second curved reflector and wherein the second curved reflector concentrates sun light on the solar cell. 8. The device of claim 1, further comprising in one or more capacitors for storing a stepped-up voltage before applying the stepped-up voltage to a battery. 9. The device of claim 1, further comprising a frequency shifter to change a frequency of the AC voltage to avoid radio frequency interference. 10. The device of claim 1, further comprising a DC regulator coupled between the voltage booster and the battery. 11. A method for providing renewable energy, comprising: a. concentrating sun light onto a photovoltaic (PV) cell; b. receiving a direct current (DC) input voltage from the cell; c. converting the direct current input voltage into an alternating current (AC) voltage; d. stepping-up the AC input voltage; and e. applying the stepped-up voltage to an energy storage device. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising stepping-up the input voltage using pulse-width-modulation (PWM). 13. The method of claim 11, further comprising generating AC power from the battery. 14. The method of claim 11, comprising cooling the PV cell by heating up a water heater pipe. 15. The method of claim 11, comprising storing the stepped-up voltage in one or more capacitors before applying the stepped-up voltage to the battery. 16. The method of claim 11, comprising providing a second focal position for infrared wavelength and position an infrared solar cell at the second focal position. 17. The method of claim 11, comprising position the solar cell at first and second positions, wherein the second position is vertically offset from the first position. 18. The method of claim 11, comprising providing first and second mirrors positioned in a Cassegrain configuration. 19. The method of claim 11, comprising providing Fresnel lens to concentrate sun light onto the PV cell. 20. The method of claim 19, comprising providing a second lens between the Fresnel lens and the PV cell. 