Methods and devices are provided for improved large-scale solar installations. In one embodiment, a junction-box free photovoltaic module is used comprising of a plurality of photovoltaic cells and a module support layer providing a mounting surface for the cells. The module has a first electrical lead extending outward from one of the photovoltaic cells, the lead coupled to an adjacent module without passing the lead through a junction box. The module may have a second electrical lead extending outward from one of the photovoltaic cells, the lead coupled to another adjacent module without passing the lead through a junction box. Without junction boxes, the module may use connectors along the edges of the modules which can substantially reduce the amount of wire or connector ribbon used for such connections.
Claims 1. A junction-boxless photovoltaic module comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cells; a module support layer providing a mounting surface for the cells; a first electrical lead extending outward from one of the photovoltaic cells, the lead coupled to an adjacent module without passing the lead through a junction box; and a second electrical lead extending outward from one of the photovoltaic cells, the lead coupled to another adjacent module without passing the lead through a junction box. 2. The module of claim 1 wherein the module support layer is frameless and this creates a frameless photovoltaic module. 3. The module of claim 1 wherein the first electrical lead is a nanoconnector. 4. The module of claim 1 wherein the second electrical lead is a nanoconnector. 5. The module of claim 4 wherein the nanoconnector has a length no more than about 2.times. a distance from one edge of the module to an edge of a closest adjacent module. 6. The module of claim 5 wherein nanoconnector has a length no more than about 2.times. a distance from one edge of the module to an edge of a closest adjacent module. 7. The module of claim 1 wherein the first electrical lead extends outward from an edge of the module support layer along an outer perimeter of the module between module layers. 8. The module of claim 1 wherein the second electrical lead extends outward from an edge of the module support layer along an outer perimeter of the module between module layers. 9. The module of claim 1 wherein the first electrical lead extends outward through an opening in the module support layer. 10. The module of claim 1 wherein the first electrical lead extends outward through an opening in the module support layer, wherein a distance of the opening from the edge of the module is no more than about 2.times. a distance from one edge of the module to an edge of a closest adjacent module. 11. The module of claim 1 wherein the second electrical lead extends outward through an opening in the module support layer. 12. The module of claim 1 wherein the second electrical lead extends outward through an opening in the module support layer, wherein a distance of the opening from the edge of the module is no more than about 2.times. a distance from one edge of the module to an edge of a closest adjacent module. 13. The module of claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic cell has a metallic underlayer. 14. The module of claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic cell comprises of a thin-film photovoltaic cell. 15. The module of claim 1 wherein the first electrical lead extends outward from one edge of the module and the second electrical lead extend outward from a different edge of the module. 16. The module of claim 1 wherein the first electrical lead extends outward from an opening in the module support layer along one edge of the module and the second electrical lead extends outward from a second opening in the module support layer along a different edge of the module. 17. The module of claim 1 further comprising a backsheet, wherein the first electrical lead extends outward from an opening in the backsheet along one edge of the module and the second electrical lead extends outward from a second opening in the backsheet along a different edge of the module. 18. The module of claim 1 wherein a first cell in the module comprises is a dummy cell comprising of non-photovoltaic material to facilitate electrical connection to other solar cells in the module. 19. The module of claim 1 wherein a flat, inline diode takes the place of one of the cells in the module. 20. A photovoltaic power installation comprising: a plurality of frameless photovoltaic modules; a plurality of electrical leads from each of the modules; wherein adjacent modules are coupled together by at least one of the electrical leads extending outward from the modules without passing through a junction box between adjacent modules. 21-42. (canceled) 