The present invention is directed to a system for mounting photovoltaic cells on a surface, the system including a tile frame containing photovoltaic cells, an expansion arm on a side of the tile frame, a well in the expansion harm, and an adhesive in the well for contacting a cover. The invention is also directed to methods for making and using the system for mounting photovoltaic cells.
Claims 1. A system for mounting tiles that contain photovoltaic cells comprising: a first tile frame containing photovoltaic cells; an expansion arm on a side of the first tile frame; a well in the expansion arm; and an adhesive in the well. 2. The system of claim 1 further comprising: a second tile frame; an opening in the second tile frame for receiving the expansion arm; and a structure near the opening in the second tile frame to restrict the movement of an expansion arm other than movement in and out of the opening in the second tile frame. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the first tile frame is polymer. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein first tile frame contains four expansion arms. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the adhesive is flexible. 6. The system of claim 1 further comprising a vent in the first tile frame for cooling the photovoltaic cells. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the first tile frame contains three vents for cooling the photovoltaic cells. 8. The system of claim 1 further comprising a Z-shaped line in the tile frame. 9. The system of claim 2 further comprising complementarily formed ends on the first and second tile frames. 10. A method for mounting tiles that contain photovoltaic cells comprising: attaching a first tile frame to a surface; attaching a second tile frame to the first tile frame by inserting an expansion arm from either the first or the second tile frame into an opening in the other tile frame; adding an adhesive to a well in the expansion arm; and placing a cover in contact with the adhesive. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the first tile frame is a polymer. 12. The method of claim 10, wherein a tile frame contains four expansion arms. 13. The method of claim 10, wherein the adhesive is flexible. 14. The method of claim 10 further comprising a vent in at least one of the tile frames for cooling the photovoltaic cells. 15. The method of claim 14 further comprising at least three vents in at least one of the tile frames for convection cooling the photovoltaic cells. 16. The method of claim 10 further comprising the use of complementarily formed ends on the first and second tile frames to limit the distance between tile frames. 