A photovoltaic (PV) module mounting system comprises a plurality of PV modules, support brackets disposed under the modules and a ballast frame disposed under and attached to the support brackets. The ballast frame is supported on conventional building rooftops and attached thereto by conventional methods. The support bracket consists of front and rear supports, which can be adjusted to alter the desired tilt angles of the overlying PV modules. The ballast frames can be adjusted to varying widths and lengths. The system is effective in reducing the net effect of wind uplift force when modules are mounted on building rooftops. Additionally, the system provides the advantage of ease of use with less components and minimal roofing penetrations.
Claims 1. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object, comprising: a bracket wherein the bracket can be positioned in a plurality of angles; a ballast frame, wherein the ballast frame consist of a plurality of longitudinal and latitudinal members and further wherein a plurality of brackets can be attached; and a hardware system, wherein the bracket can be connected to at least one of the flat object or to the ballast frame. 2. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 1, wherein a weighted object can be attached to the ballast frame. 3. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 1, wherein the hardware system comprises at least one of a bolt, nut or washer. 4. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 1, wherein at least a portion of the bracket is mounted to a flat object. 5. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 3, wherein the flat object is grounded to at least one of the tilt bracket or the ballast frame. 6. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 1, wherein the weighted object comprises at least one concrete block. 7. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 1, wherein the members are arranged in a plurality configurations. 8. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 1, wherein the members comprises at least one of a longitudinal or latitudinal member. 9. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 1, wherein the bracket comprises a channel and further wherein the channel is made of aluminum or other material such as steel, wood or plastic. 10. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 1, wherein a metallic substance is affixed to the channel by at least one of welding, a rivet, an adhesive or a bolt. 11. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 7, wherein a metallic substance is affixed to at least one end of the channel by at least one of welding, a rivet, an adhesive or a bolt. 12. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 1, wherein the ballast frame comprises holes in which the bracket can be attached. 13. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 8, wherein the longitudinal and latitudinal members are assembled into a rectangular configuration. 14. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 13, wherein the members are configured to support a plurality of sizes of weighted objects. 15. A system for removably and adjustably mounting a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 13, wherein the rectangular configuration is dimensioned to house a plurality of concrete blocks. 16. A method of installing a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object comprising the steps of: constructing a ballast frame; attaching a ballast frame to a plurality of brackets; attaching the ballast frame affixed to the brackets to a surface. 17. The method of installing a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 16, wherein at least one weighted object is inserted into the ballast frame to weight the photovoltaic system to the flat surface. 18. The method of installing a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 16, wherein the brackets are attached to the ballast frame by at least one of a hex bolt, a washer or a flange nut. 19. The method of installing a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 16, wherein the ballast frame affixed to the flat surface is attached by at least one of a hex bolt, a washer or a flange nut. 20. The method of installing a photovoltaic module or flat panel on an object according to claim 16, wherein a grounding washer is inserted between more than one constructed ballast frames. 