Embodiments of the present inventions are directed to systems, devices for use with systems, and method of mounting and retaining solar panels. A solar module mounting system may include a ballast, a sole mechanically coupled to a bottom surface of the ballast, a link member embedded in the ballast, an attachment module mechanically coupled to the link member, and a deflector mechanically coupled to the link member. A method of mounting a solar panel module may include forming a link member and a ballast, attaching the ballast to the link member, bonding a sole to a lower surface of the ballast and/or the link member, attaching a solar panel module to the link member with an attachment module member, electrically grounding the mounting system, routing a wiring from the solar panel module through a wire chase, and attaching a deflector module to the link member.
Claims 1) A solar module mounting system component comprising: a ballast; and a link member embedded in the ballast, the link member being adapted for coupling to a solar panel module. 2) The solar module mounting system of claim 1, further comprising: an attachment module configured to be mechanically couplable to the link member; and wherein the link member is adapted to be couplable to the attachment module. 3) The solar module mounting system of claim 1, wherein the link member is adapted to be directly couplable to the attachment module. 4) The solar module mounting system of claim 1, further comprising: a deflector adapted to be mechanically couplable to the link member. 5) The solar module mounting system of claim 1, wherein: the link member is adapted to permit coupling the solar panel module to the link member at a plurality of heights with respect to the ballast. 6) The solar module mounting system of claim 1, further comprising a wire chase disposed in the ballast. 7) The solar module mounting system of claim 1, wherein the link member further comprises a grounding attachment. 8) The solar module mounting system of claim 1, wherein the ballast comprises concrete. 9) The solar module mounting system of claim 1, wherein the ballast comprises rubber. 10) The solar module mounting system of claim 1, further comprising a sole coupled to the ballast. 11) The solar module mounting system of claim 10, wherein the sole substantially covers a surface of the ballast. 12) A link member for a solar module mounting system comprising: a first portion including a first facility for attaching to a solar panel module; a second portion including a second facility for attaching to a second portion of a solar panel module; and a third portion adapted to receive and substantially carry the weight of a first ballast. 13) The link member of claim 12, further comprising the first ballast, and wherein the first ballast is a pre-formed block. 14) The link member of claim 12, further comprising a sole coupled to a surface of the link member. 15) The link member of claim 12, wherein the first facility is adapted to be coupled to the solar panel module at a plurality of heights with respect to the first ballast. 16) The link member of claim 12, wherein the third portion includes at least one ballast retaining tab. 17) The link member of claim 12, wherein the link member includes a mechanism to attach a separate link member. 18) The link member of claim 12, further comprising a fourth portion adapted to receive and substantially carry the weight of a second ballast. 19) A method of installing a solar panel array, the method comprising acts of: providing a solar panel; coupling an attachment module to the solar panel; and after coupling the attachment module to the solar panel, coupling the attachment module to a support member. 20) The method of claim 19, wherein the attachment module comprises: a first section with a first surface; a second section with a second surface, the second section coupled to the first section, the first surface spaced from the second surface, the second section defining a threaded hole; and a fastener for retaining a portion of a solar panel module between the first surface and the second surface. 21) A method of installing a solar panel array, the method comprising acts of: providing a support mechanism; providing a solar panel; selecting a height on the solar panel for attaching the panel; and attaching the panel at the selected height. 22) The method of claim 21, further comprising a step of attaching a deflector to the support mechanism. 23) A support mechanism for a solar panel to be installed on a roof, comprising: a ballast; a link member in contact with the ballast so that the link member and ballast are maintained in a secure relationship; and a sole to protect the roof from damage from the link member and ballast. 24) The support mechanism of claim 23, wherein the sole is attached to the ballast. 25) The support mechanism of claim 23, wherein the sole is attached to the link member. 