An inverter includes at least two power sources and an uninterruptible power supply device. The at least two power sources include a mains outlet and fuel, solar energy, wind power, battery (fuel cell) based power generation devices. The uninterruptible power supply device includes a power source selector and a constant-current controller built therein. The uninterruptible power supply device has output terminals connectable to electrical appliances and input terminals connected to the at least two power sources via the power source selector and the constant-current controller. As such, the power source selector and the constant-current controller function to effect distribution and regulation of the at least two power sources for supply of constant current used by the electrical appliances and timed scheduling of the various power sources.
Claims 1. An inverter comprising: at least two power sources of which one power source comprises a mains outlet; and an uninterruptible power supply device comprising a power source selector and a constant-current controller built therein, the uninterruptible power supply device having output terminals adapted to connect external electrical appliance facilities and input terminals connected to the at least two power sources via the power source selector and the constant-current controller; wherein the power source selector and the constant-current controller function to effect distribution and adjustment of the at least two power sources for use by the electrical appliance facilities. 2. The inverter as claimed in claim 1, wherein the at least two power sources comprise direct-current (DC) power sources and alternate-current (AC) power sources. 3. The inverter as claimed in claim 1, wherein the at least two power sources comprises a power source selected among fuel power generator, solar power generator, wind power generator, man power generator, and fuel power generator. 4. The inverter as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power source selector built in the uninterruptible power supply device is realized by means of software. 5. The inverter as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power source selector comprises a power factor correction/PV (photovoltaic) inverter, at least one MPPT (Maximum Power Point Tracking) chargers, and a DC/DC converter, the MPPT charger being connected to the DC/DC converter, which is connected in parallel to the power factor correction/PV inverter. 6. The inverter as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power source selector built in the uninterruptible power supply device is realized by means of hardware, which selectively comprises one of a relay, a reed switch and a motor. 7. The inverter as claimed in claim 1, wherein the constant-current controller built in the uninterruptible power supply device functions to make power inputs from the at least two power sources distributed for constant current so as to provide stable input of power. 8. The inverter as claimed in claim 1, wherein the uninterruptible power supply device comprises a timer for effecting timed control of power inputs from the at least two power sources. 