A method for assembling a concentrator photovoltaic solar cell array system for producing energy from the sun includes installing a foundation on a surface and coupling a central support to the foundation. A cross member is coupled to the central support and one or more inclined arms are coupled to the cross member and the central support. A support frame, which includes a first frame assembly arranged to couple to one or more solar cell subarrays, is coupled to the cross member. One or more solar cell subarrays are coupled to the first frame assembly thereby forming a solar cell array, wherein each solar cell subarray includes a plurality of triple junction III-V semiconductor compound solar cell receivers. To enable rotation of at least a portion of the central support coupled to the support frame, an actuator is installed.
Claims 1. A method of assembling a sun-tracking concentrator photovoltaic solar cell array system for producing energy from the sun, the system comprising a central support having a stationary first member and second member, and a first, base end of the second member mounted within the first member, the second member extending from the first member; the system further comprising a pair of inclined arms that extend respectively from the base end of the second member, a support frame carried by the pair of inclined arms and a cross member coupled to a second, opposing end of the second member, the support frame being rotatable with respect to the central support; the system further comprising a jackscrew coupled to the cross member and the support frame, a first actuator arranged to rotate the jackscrew, and a generally rectangular planar solar cell array including a plurality of subarrays of triple junction III-V semiconductor compound concentrator solar cell receivers mounted on the support frame and a second actuator for rotating the central support and the support frame, the method comprising: installing a cement foundation on a surface of the earth; installing the central support by mounting the first member substantially perpendicular to the cement foundation and installing the second actuator so as to facilitate the second member to rotate relative to the first member thereby allowing the solar cell array to track the sun; coupling the cross member to the central support; coupling the pair of inclined arms to the cross member and the central support to structurally support the cross member; coupling the support frame to the cross member, the support frame comprising a first frame assembly arranged to couple to one or more solar cell subarrays; coupling one or more solar cell subarrays to the first frame assembly thereby forming the solar cell array; and installing the jackscrew and the first actuator so as to facilitate adjusting the inclination of the solar cell array relative to the surface of the earth and thereby track the sun. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising providing a second frame assembly coupled orthogonally to the first frame assembly, the second frame assembly arranged to increase the rigidity of the first frame assembly. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein the second frame assembly comprises a truss. 4. The method of claim 2 wherein the solar cell subarrays are coupled to the first frame assembly such that the second frame assembly is mounted above the vertical center of the solar cell array. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein coupling the cross member to the central support occurs before coupling the cross member to the foundation. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the support frame is provided in two halves, the method comprising: assembling the two halves of the support frame. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the first frame assembly is coupled such that it is arranged along the greatest perpendicular dimension of the solar cell array. 8. The method of claim 2 wherein the second frame assembly is coupled such that it is arranged along the greatest perpendicular dimension of the solar cell array. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein the first frame assembly comprises ten mounting positions, each arranged to receive a solar cell subarray. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein the ten mounting positions are sequentially ordered from one end of the first frame assembly to the opposite end of the first frame assembly, and wherein coupling the solar cell subarrays to the first frame assembly comprising: installing a first solar cell subarray at a fifth mounting position and installing a second solar cell subarray at a sixth mounting position; and subsequently installing a third solar cell subarray at a fourth mounting position and installing a fourth solar cell subarray at a seventh mounting position; and subsequently installing a fifth solar cell subarray at a third mounting position and installing a sixth solar cell subarray at an eighth mounting position; and subsequently installing a seventh solar cell subarray at a second mounting position and installing an eighth solar cell subarray at a ninth mounting position; and subsequently installing a ninth solar cell subarray at a first mounting position and installing a tenth solar cell subarray at a tenth mounting position. 