A solar array tracker controller including an operator programmable micro- processor electronically connected to the drive motors in a solar panel array or other solar device array. The processor is user programmable and includes memory for storing a software program which includes an algorithm that determines the precise location of the sun relative to the array based on the local data input into the processor A GPS sensor and interface may be provided to obviate the need for local
Claims 1. A solar array tracker controller, comprising an operator programmable microprocessor/controller electronically connected to one or more drive motors in a solar device array, said processor having magnetic storage means for storing a software program which includes an algorithm that determines the precise location of the sun relative to the array based on the local data input into the processor, an operator interface, a visual display, and input means for entering local data regarding the location of the solar array to be controlled and for programming said processor with said software. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said software includes an algorithm that takes into account the elliptical orbit of the earth around the sun in determining the location of the sun. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, further including a GPS interface for a Global Positioning Sensor that provides information to said processor concerning the latitude, longitude and global time. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, further including at least one inclinometer in electronic communication with said processor and mounted on one or more of the axes of a solar energy utilizing device and wherein said processor includes a digital interface for receiving data from said inlinometer. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said inclinometer provides data regarding the angle of altitude and azimuth of at least one device in the solar device array. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said processor further includes a remote interface that allows remote acquisition and transmission of data and status of array and of the solar array tracker controller. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, further including a wind sensor having electronics for digitizing a wind sensor signal for input into said processor. 8. A method of controlling drive motors operatively connected to solar panels in a solar panel array so as to ensure that the panels have an optimal angle of incidence to solar rays, said method comprising the steps of: electrically connecting an operator programmable micro-processor to one or more of the drive motors in the solar device array, wherein the processor includes input means and magnetic storage means for entering and storing a program and local data; programming the processor with a program which includes an algorithm that determines the precise location of the sun relative to the array based on the local data and that sends control signals to the drive motors to move the solar panels into an optimal position relative to the sun. 9. The method of claim 8, further including the step of providing the processor with a GPS interface and connecting the processor to a Global Positioning Sensor that provides information to the processor concerning the latitude, longitude and global time. 10. The method of claim 8, further including the step of mounting at least one inclinometer to at least one of the solar panels in the solar panel array, and connecting the inclinometer to the processor such that the inclinometer can provide panel tilt data to the processor. 