The invention relates to an inverter for converting a DC voltage into an AC voltage having one or more phases, comprising an intermediate DC circuit having a first and a second DC capacitor unit connected in series between a first and a second terminal of the intermediate DC circuit, and a common earth terminal of the intermediate circuit, and at least one subcircuit for generating one phase of the alternating voltage, each subcircuit comprising: a first and a second auxiliary switch, each with a diode connected in parallel, an AC node for supplying a pulsed voltage, the first and second auxiliary switches being connected in series between the common earth terminal of the intermediate circuit and the AC node and the diodes of said power switches being connected to each other with opposite forward directions, and each of the subcircuits comprises two power switches, each with a diode connected in parallel, wherein said two power switches are connected in series between the first and second terminal of the intermediate DC circuit, connected to a common connection point at the AC node and the diodes of said power switches being connected to each other with the same forward direction.
Claims 1-16. (canceled) 17. An inverter for converting a DC voltage into an AC voltage with one or more phases, comprising an intermediate DC circuit having a first and a second DC capacitor unit connected in series between a first and a second terminal of the intermediate DC circuit, and a common earth connection whereby the common earth connection carries the mid-voltage between the first and the second terminal, and at least one subcircuit for generating one phase of the alternating voltage, each subcircuit comprising: a first and a second auxiliary switch, each with a diode connected in parallel, and an AC node for supplying a pulsed voltage, the first and second auxiliary switches being connected in series between the common earth terminal of the intermediate circuit and the AC node and the diodes of said power switches being connected to each other with opposite forward directions. 18. Inverter according to claim 17, characterised in that each of the subcircuits comprises: a first and a second power switch, each with a diode connected in parallel, wherein said two power switches are connected in series between the first and second terminal of the intermediate DC circuit, connected to a common connection point at the AC node and the diodes of said power switches being connected to each other with the same forward direction. 19. Inverter according to claim 17, characterised in that the two DC capacitor units have the same capacitance. 20. Inverter according to claim 17, characterised in that the auxiliary and/or power switches can conduct current in one forward direction only, said switches being connected in parallel to the respective diodes with opposite forward directions. 21. Inverter according to claim 17, characterised in that each of the subcircuits comprises an AC output and a choke connected between the AC node and the AC output. 22. Inverter according to claim 21, characterised in that each of the subcircuits includes an additional capacitor unit connected between the AC output and earth. 23. Inverter according to claim 17, characterised in that a controller for controlling the auxiliary and/or power switches is provided. 24. Inverter according to claim 17, characterised in that the inverter is configured to produce a pulse modulated voltage signal at the AC node of each subcircuit in order to generate an AC voltage at each subcircuit. 25. Inverter according to claim 17, characterised in that the AC node or AC output of each of the subcircuits is connected to a transformer. 26. Inverter according to claim 17, characterised in that three subcircuits are provided for feeding the output into a three-phase grid. 27. Inverter according to claim 17, for generating a three-phase AC voltage, comprising: three AC terminals, a three-phase transformer connected by its primary coil to the AC terminals in a star connection, and connected by its secondary coil in a star connection, the inverter being configured to generate a pulsed voltage signal at each of the AC terminals such that phase voltages having each a sinusoidal fundamental wave of a fundamental frequency and a third harmonic of triple the fundamental frequency are produced at the secondary coil of the transformer. 28. Inverter according to claim 27, characterised in that the fundamental wave is in phase with the third harmonic and the fundamental waves of the phase voltages are shifted 120.degree. to each other. 29. Inverter according to claim 27, characterised in that the amplitude of the fundamental wave in each phase voltage is four to eight times, in particular six times the amplitude of the third harmonic. 30. A solar energy system comprising an inverter according to claim 17 and a photovoltaic generator. 31. Solar system according to claim 30, characterised in that a voltage generated by the photovoltaic generator is supplied to the intermediate DC circuit and the solar energy system is configured for connection to a power grid in order to feed current to said grid. 32. Method for converting a DC voltage into an AC voltage by pulsing a DC voltage to at least one AC node characterized in that an inverter according to claim 17 is utilized. 