The present invention relates to a solar power generation assembly and method for providing same involving an array of solar generating modules on a dual-incline structure, which can achieve high energy yields over a wide range of azimuths/orientations. The assembly consists of canopy wings providing for the dual-incline structure, where, depending on specifications, the canopy wings can differ in length, width, angle of inclination, structural material and solar module or other material mounted on the surface. The canopy wings may be pivoted or hinged to enhance the energy generation and/or other functional benefits of the assembly or system, including display elements, advertising, rainwater/precipitation and snow drainage and collection and energy transmission. The assembly or system is modular and may be assembled in a long continuous configuration in which the inclination, width and tilt of the canopy wings may vary of a long distance to maintain substantially consistent energy yields as the assembly or system orientation changes.
Claims 1. A solar power generation assembly comprising: at least one dual-incline structure comprising a first canopy wing and a second canopy wing, said first canopy wing tilting at a first angle and said second canopy wing tilting at a second angle, wherein said first angle and said second angle are determined based on site specifications; at least one array comprising energy producing material disposed on said first canopy wing of said dual-incline structure; at least one support structure comprising at least one first support structure comprising at least one support column having a first end connected to a ground surface and extending substantially vertically along a longitudinal axis from said first end to a second end; and at least one second support structure disposed at said second end of said support column of said first support structure, said second support structure configured so as to provide support for said dual-incline structure. 2. The assembly according to claim 1 further comprising at least one array comprising energy producing material disposed on said second canopy wing of said dual-incline structure. 3. The assembly according to claim 1 or 2 wherein said energy producing material comprises at least one of photovoltaic modules, photovoltaic thin film, light concentrator type of solar panel and/or solar thermal. 4. The assembly according to claim 1 further comprising elements for drainage and/or collection. 5. The assembly according to claim 1 further comprising at least one cavity element. 6. The assembly according to claim 1 further comprising at least one pivot/hinge and/or cantilevered assembly for selectively adjusting said first angle of said first canopy wing and/or said second angle of said second canopy wing. 7. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said first support structure and/or said second support structure further comprises at least one of decking/membrane elements, fascia, lighting elements, Internet-connection elements, WiFi elements, seating elements, planting elements, playground elements, restroom elements, media elements, photographic elements, lithographic elements, electronic or electrical elements, decorative elements, advertising elements, antennae modules, payment machines and/or stage elements. 8. The assembly according to claim 1 further comprising at least one cavity. 9. The assembly according to claim 8 wherein said cavity further comprises at least one cavity element. 10. The assembly according to claim 5 or 9 further wherein said cavity element comprises at least one of transmission lines, high-voltage transmission lines, low-voltage transmission lines, cable lines, telecommunications lines, fiber optic lines, Internet systems and/or conduit elements. 11. The assembly according to claim 1 further comprising at least one charging and/or outlet assembly. 12. The assembly according to claim 1 further comprising at least one of a security system and/or a monitoring system. 13. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said dual-incline structure, said array and said second support structure are configured to further comprise at least one skylight. 14. The assembly according to claim 7 wherein said decking/membrane elements comprises at least one of fabric, wire mesh, sheet metal, perforated sheet metal, plastic, perforated plastic, cement board, perforated cement board and/or phosphorescent material. 15. The assembly according to claim 11 wherein said charging and/or outlet assembly comprises at least one of fuel cell charging system, a hydrogen production device, an inverter for converting energy from direct current to alternating current electricity and/or an electrical outlet. 16. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said assembly is modular. 17. The assembly according to claim 1 wherein said array further comprises other material comprising at least one of lighting elements, planting elements, signage elements, media elements, photographic elements, lithographic elements, electronic or electrical elements, decorative elements and/or advertising elements. 18. A method for providing a solar power generation assembly comprising: determining a first angle of a first canopy wing and a second angle of a second canopy wing for an at least one dual-incline structure comprising a first canopy wing and a second canopy wing, said first canopy wing and said second canopy wing extending in opposite directions from a substantially common axis, said first canopy wing extending substantially at said first angle and said second canopy wing extending substantially at a said second angle; determining a first size of said first canopy wing and a second size of said second canopy wing; providing an assembly comprising said dual-incline structure; at least one array comprising energy producing material disposed on said first canopy wing of said dual-incline structure; at least one support structure comprising at least one first support structure comprising at least one support column having a first end connected to a ground surface and extending substantially vertically along a longitudinal axis from said first end to a second end; and at least one second support structure disposed at said second end of said support column of said first support structure, said second support structure configured so as to provide support for said dual-incline structure; and constructing said assembly comprising erecting said first support structure; connecting said second support structure directly or indirectly to said first support structure; mounting said dual-incline structure directly or indirectly to said second support structure; and arranging said array on said first canopy wing of said dual-incline structure. 19. The method for providing a solar power generation assembly according to claim 18 wherein said assembly further comprises at least one array comprising energy producing material disposed on said second canopy wing of said dual-incline structure. 20. The method for providing a solar power generation assembly according to claim 18 or 19 wherein said energy producing material comprises at least one of photovoltaic modules, photovoltaic thin film, light concentrator type of solar panel and/or solar thermal. 21. The method for providing a solar power generation assembly according to claim 18 wherein said assembly further comprises elements for drainage and/or collection. 22. The method for providing a solar power generation assembly according to claim 18 wherein said first support structure and/or said second support structure further comprises at least one of decking/membrane elements, fascia, lighting elements, Internet-connection elements, WiFi elements, seating elements, planting elements, playground elements, restroom elements, media elements, photographic elements, lithographic elements, electronic or electrical elements, decorative elements, advertising elements, antennae modules, payment machines and/or stage elements. 23. The method for providing a solar power generation assembly according to claim 18 wherein said assembly further comprises at least one cavity. 24. The method for providing a solar power generation assembly according to claim 18 wherein said assembly is modular. 25. The method for providing a solar power generation assembly according to claim 18 wherein said array further comprises other material comprising at least one of lighting elements, planting elements, signage elements, media elements, photographic elements, lithographic elements, electronic or electrical elements, decorative elements and/or advertising elements. 26. A system for operating a solar power generation assembly comprising: at least one programmable management system; and an assembly comprising at least one dual-incline structure comprising a first canopy wing and a second canopy wing, said first canopy wing tilting at a first angle and said second canopy wing tilting at a second angle, wherein said first angle and said second angle are determined based on site specifications; at least one array comprising energy producing material disposed on said first canopy wing of said dual-incline structure; at least one support structure comprising at least one first support structure comprising at least one support column having a first end connected to a ground surface and extending substantially vertically along a longitudinal axis from said first end to a second end; and at least one second support structure disposed at said second end of said support column of said first support structure, said second support structure configured so as to provide support for said dual-incline structure. 