A flexible height-adjustable clamp for clamping a solar panel to a support structure or base, with flat surfaces on the upper and lower parts of the clamp, the upper section clamping on the panels; and the lower section mounting against the base; with a hole through both flat surfaces for bolting a connector through the surfaces to secure the clamp and panel to the supporting structure; and a flexible section connecting the two surfaces in the form of an arc or folded section; with mechanical stops to allow positioning to against said panel.
Claims 1. A flexible height-adjustable clamp for clamping a solar panel to a support structure or base, with flat surfaces on the upper and lower parts of the clamp, the upper section clamping on the panels; and the lower section mounting against the base; with a hole through both flat surfaces for bolting a connector through the surfaces to secure the clamp and panel to the supporting structure; and a flexible section connecting the two surfaces in the form of an arc or folded section; with mechanical stops to allow positioning to against said panel. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the flexible section is asymmetrically positioned to cause the clamp to apply a horizontal force as well as vertical force against the panel. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the bolt is positioned between the flex section and the panel. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the flex section is sufficiently stiff to provide reaction loading of the panel to the required force. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the clamp is longer and requires more than one bolt for securing the panel in place. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein other means of clamping are used instead of bolts including but not limited to levers, cams, and cleats. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the clamping section has serrations on the clamping surface to prevent slippage. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the clamp is formed by extrusion. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the clamp is forged. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the clamp is manufactured in more than one part. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the flex section is configured in a narrow profile to fit between two panels and clamp said panels using a single bolt connection. 11. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the flex section is asymmetrically positioned to allow initial clamping of the first panel before said clamp secures the second panel. 12. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the flex section is sufficiently flexible to allow for greater height adjustability. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the flex section is orientated in a pattern 90 degrees rotated from the orientation shown in the drawings. 14. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein the flex section is in the form of a circle, oval, rectangle, or folded pattern. 