A system for securing photovoltaic panel modules to a support structure includes a first elongate member securable to the support structure. The first elongate member includes a plurality of first mounting sites positionally fixed thereon. A second elongate member is securable to the support structure. The second elongate member includes a plurality of second mounting sites positionally fixed thereon. The second elongate member is spaced from the first elongate member and aligned therewith in a generally parallel orientation. The position of the first and second elongate members is adjustable to align the first and second fixed mounting sites in a predetermined configuration. When the first and second elongate members are aligned in the predetermined configuration, the plurality of first mounting sites and second mounting sites are brought into alignment with each other to permit mounting of a plurality of panel modules to the first and second elongate members.
Claims 1. A system for securing photovoltaic panel modules to a support structure comprising: a first elongate member securable to the support structure, the first elongate member including a plurality of first mounting sites positionally fixed thereon; a second elongate member securable to the support structure, the second elongate member including a plurality of second mounting sites positionally fixed thereon, the second elongate member being spaced from the first elongate member and aligned therewith in a generally parallel orientation; and the position of the first and second elongate members being adjustable to align the first and second fixed mounting sites in a predetermined configuration, such that when the first and second elongate members are aligned in the predetermined configuration, the plurality of first mounting sites and second mounting sites are brought into alignment with each other to permit mounting of a plurality of panel modules to the first and second elongate members. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the first and second elongate members are secured to the structure by a plurality of brackets. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the first elongate member has a first securement condition wherein it is translatable along a longitudinal axis thereof relative to the plurality of brackets, and a second securement condition wherein it is non-translatable relative to the brackets. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the first and second elongate members having a first mounted condition wherein they are adjustable relative to each other and the first mounting sites and second mounting sites are alignable with each other in a predetermined manner, and having a second mounted condition wherein the position of the first and second elongate members are fixed relative to each other. 5. The system of claim 3, wherein the first elongate member includes a slot extending along the length thereof, and the plurality of brackets are securable to the slot by fastening hardware. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the first and second plurality of mounting sites of the first and second elongate members include attachment devices operably engagable with the panel module for securing the plurality of panel modules to the first and second elongate members. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the attachment devices include posts extending upwardly from the first and second elongate members, the posts adapted to extend through openings formed in the panel module. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the first elongate member includes a conduit extending along a length thereof for permitting wiring to run therethrough. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein a plurality of electrical connectors are secured to the first elongate member, the electrical connectors being configured to operably connect to the panel module. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein the first elongate member includes a plurality of connector stations spaced along the length thereof, the connector station including connectors for electrically connecting to a plurality of panel modules. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the connector stations are in communication with the conduit. 12. A system for mounting photovoltaic (PV) panel modules to a support structure comprising: a first PV panel module including mounting structures thereon; a first elongate member securable to the support structure and including a plurality of first mounting sites positionally fixed thereon and spaced along a length of the first elongate member; a second elongate member securable to the support structure and including a plurality of second mounting sites positionally fixed thereon and spaced along a length of the second elongate member, the second elongate member being spaced from the first elongate member and aligned therewith in a generally parallel orientation; and the position of the first and second elongate members being adjustable relative to each other to align the first and second mounting sites in a configuration to form a first set of fixed mounting sites, the first set of fixed mounting sites corresponding to the mounting structures on the first PV panel, wherein the first PV panel module is securable to the first and second elongate members upon cooperation of the first set of mounting sites and the mounting structures. 13. The system of claim 12, including a second PV panel module having mounting structures thereon, wherein the first and second elongate members include a second set of mounting sites that cooperate with the mounting structures of the second PV panel module to secure the second PV panel module to the first and second elongate members adjacent to the first PV panel module. 14. The system of claim 12, wherein aligning the first and second elongate members in a predetermined configuration aligns the mounting sites thereon, such that a plurality of PV panels are securable along the length of the first and second elongate members without adjusting the position of the first and second mounting sites. 15. The system of claim 13, wherein the one of the first and second elongate members includes a wireway extending along a length thereof, the wireway forms a conduit for accommodating therein wires operably connected to the first and second panel modules. 16. The system of claim 12, wherein the mounting structures of the first PV panel module include a plurality of mounting holes formed in the PV panel and the mounting sites include upstanding posts engagable with the mounting holes. 17. The system of claim 12, wherein the first and second mounting sites are not positionally adjustable with respect to the first and second elongate members, respectively. 18. A method of securing photovoltaic (PV) panel modules to a structure comprising: adjustably securing a first elongate member having a plurality of positionally fixed first mounting sites to the support structure; securing a second elongate member having a plurality of positionally fixed second mounting sites to the support structure spaced from the first elongate member, wherein the first and second elongate members are in a generally parallel orientation; adjusting a position of the first elongate member relative to the second elongate member to place the first and second elongate members in a predetermined alignment, wherein when the first and second elongate members are brought into the predetermined alignment, the first and second plurality of mounting sites are brought into alignment to accommodate the mounting of a plurality of PV panel modules; fixing the position of the first elongate member to maintain the predetermined alignment; positioning a first PV panel module having a plurality of positionally fixed mounting structures over the first and second elongate members; and securing the first PV panel module to the first and second elongate members. 19. The method of claim 18, including positioning a second PV panel module having a plurality of mounting structures over the first and second elongate members, and securely mounting the second PV panel module on said first and second elongate members. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein adjusting the first and second elongate members aligns the first and second plurality of mounting sites to form a plurality of mounting site sets, and the method further including securing a first PV panel module to a first mounting site set; and securing a second PV panel module to a second mounting site set. 21. The method of claim 18, wherein the first and second elongate members have a first mounting condition wherein they are adjustable relative to each other. 22. The method of claim 18, including electrically connecting the first PV panel module with a module connector disposed on one of the first and second elongate members, the one of the first and second elongate members having a wireway extending along a length thereof to accommodate wiring in communication with the module connector. 