A photovoltaic module is described, the module including at least one photovoltaic cell. The module also includes means for storing an identifier for the photovoltaic module, a sensor for sensing the value of at least one parameter indicative of the operation of the photovoltaic module and an electronic communication device for transmitting data comprising the value of the at least one parameter and the identifier for the photovoltaic module to a remote device. There is also described an electronic communication device for a photovoltaic module and an array of such photovoltaic modules, which may form an energy generation system. Methods of monitoring the operation of one or more photovoltaic modules as well as managing and communicating with the modules are also described.
Claims 1. An apparatus comprising a photovoltaic module, the module comprising: at least one photovoltaic cell; a storage device for storing an identifier for the photovoltaic module; a sensor for sensing the value of at least one parameter indicative of the operation of the photovoltaic module; and an electronic communication device for transmitting data comprising the value of the at least one parameter and the identifier for the photovoltaic module to a remote device. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the electronic communication device comprises a radio frequency transmitter. 3-4. (canceled) 5. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the electronic communication device comprises means for transmitting the data via a physical connection, including a power wire through which the electrical energy generated by the photovoltaic module is output. 6-7. (canceled) 8. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the sensor comprises means for sensing the output voltage of the photovoltaic cell. 9. The apparatus according to claim 8 wherein the sensor is arranged to output a value indicative of one of a limited number of cell operating conditions. 10-11. (canceled) 12. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the at least one parameter comprises at least one of the current generated by the photovoltaic module or the temperature of a portion of the photovoltaic module. 13. (canceled) 14. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the module comprises an array of photovoltaic cells. 15-17. (canceled) 18. The apparatus according to claim 1 further comprising means to interface with a further photovoltaic module to transmit the data comprising the at least one parameter to the further photovoltaic module. 19. The apparatus according to claim 2 wherein the radio frequency transmitter is arranged to transmit the data directly to the remote device. 20-30. (canceled) 31. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic module further comprises a connector for connecting an array of photovoltaic modules connected in a mesh network. 32-33. (canceled) 34. The apparatus according to claim 1 further comprising a remote device for receiving the data transmitted by the electronic communication device. 35. The apparatus according to claim 34 wherein the remote device comprises a radio frequency receiver. 36-40. (canceled) 41. The apparatus according to claim 34 wherein the remote device is arranged to communicate with a computer system and the computer system processes data received from the electronic communication device and displays the processed data. 42. (canceled) 43. An electronic communication device for a photovoltaic module comprising: means for storing an identifier of the photovoltaic module; means for sensing the value of at least one parameter indicative of the operation of the photovoltaic module; an electronic communication device for transmitting data comprising the at least one parameter and the identifier for the photovoltaic module to a remote device; and means for coupling the electronic communication device to a photovoltaic module. 44. A method of monitoring the operation of at least one photovoltaic module, the method comprising: receiving data comprising an identifier and a value of at least one parameter indicative of the operation of the photovoltaic module from the or each photovoltaic module; determining the operating status of the or each photovoltaic module based on the received data; and generating an output indicating the operating status of one or more photovoltaic modules. 45. The method according to claim 44 wherein determining the operating status comprises analysing the value of the at least one parameter to determine one of a limited number of categories of cell operating conditions. 46. (canceled) 47. The method according to claim 44 wherein an alert signal is generated if the received data indicates that one or more photovoltaic modules is not operating or is operating sub-optimally. 48. The method according to claim 44 wherein determining the operating status comprises comparing the value received for the or each photovoltaic module to at least one other value received for a photovoltaic module and determining the operating status based on the comparison. 49. The method according to claim 44 wherein generating the output comprises generating an indication of the power generated by the or each photovoltaic module. 50-85. (canceled) 86. The apparatus according to claim 1 further comprising a device for determining a measure of the position of the photovoltaic module and wherein the electronic communication device further transmits data based on the measure of position to the remote device. 