The present invention is directed toward apparatuses, systems and methods for solar panels capable of rooftop installation. In some embodiments, a low profile solar panel is provided, comprising: a solar laminate; and a flexible material sheet adhered to the solar laminate, wherein the flexible material sheet is configured to operate as a frame that supports and houses the solar laminate. In some such embodiments, the low profile solar panel further comprises a secondary sheet, wherein the secondary sheet is disposed on an edge formed by adhering the flexible material sheet to the solar laminate.
Claims 1. A low profile solar panel, comprising: a solar laminate; and a flexible material sheet adhered to the solar laminate, wherein the flexible material sheet is configured to operate as a frame that supports and houses the solar laminate. 2. The low profile solar panel of claim 1, further comprising a secondary sheet, wherein the secondary sheet is disposed on an edge formed by adhering the flexible material sheet to the solar laminate. 3. The low profile solar panel of claim 1, further comprising electrical wiring or circuitry disposed on the solar laminate. 4. The low profile solar panel of claim 3, further comprising a secondary sheet, wherein the secondary sheet is disposed on an edge formed by adhering the flexible material sheet to the solar laminate, such that the secondary sheet covers the electrical wiring or circuitry. 5. The low profile solar panel of claim 1, wherein the low profile solar panel is configured to be attached to a roof. 6. The low profile solar panel of claim 5, wherein the low profile solar panel is configured to be attached to the roof by nails, screws, foam, a tack-down strip or adhesives. 7. The low profile solar panel of claim 6, wherein the tack-down strip is configured to connect the low profile solar panel to overlap a roof shingle or roof tile. 8. The low profile solar panel of claim 1, wherein the low profile solar panel is configured to integrate with roof shingles or roof tiles. 9. The low profile solar panel of claim 1, wherein the low profile solar panel is less than 0.65'' thick. 10. The low profile solar panel of claim 9, wherein the roof shingles are asphalt shingles. 11. The low profile solar panel of claim 1, wherein the flexible material sheet is adhered to the solar laminate using adhesives. 12. The low profile solar panel of claim 1, wherein the solar laminate comprises multiple solar cells. 13. The low profile solar panel of claim 1, further comprising an integrated rain-rail disposed on the solar laminate configured to provide a conduit for rainwater and mate with a rain rail on a second solar panel providing a mechanical interconnection between the low profile solar panel and the second solar panel. 14. The low profile solar panel of claim 2, further comprising an integrated rain-rail disposed on the secondary sheet configured to provide a conduit for rainwater and mate with a rain rail on a second solar panel providing a mechanical interconnection between the low profile solar panel and the second solar panel. 15. A method for mounting solar panels onto a roof, comprising: providing a first solar panel, comprising: a solar laminate, and a flexible material sheet adhered to the solar laminate, wherein the flexible material sheet is configured to operate as a frame that supports the solar laminate, houses the solar laminate, and interfaces with a conventional roof shingle or roof tile in an overlapping fashion; securing the first solar panel to the roof; overlapping a roof shingle or roof tile over an upper portion of the first solar panel; and overlapping a second solar panel over the upper portion of the first solar panel. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the first solar panel further comprises a secondary sheet, wherein the secondary sheet is disposed on an edge formed by adhering the flexible material sheet to the solar laminate. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein the first solar panel further comprises electrical wiring or circuitry disposed on the solar laminate. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the first solar panel further comprises a secondary sheet, wherein the secondary sheet is disposed on an edge formed by adhering the flexible material sheet to the solar laminate, such that the secondary sheet covers the electrical wiring or circuitry. 19. The method of claim 15, wherein the first solar panel is secured to the roof using nails, screws, foam, a tack-down strip, or adhesives. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the tack-down strip overlaps and connects the first solar panel to a roof shingle or roof tile. 21. A building, comprising: a roof assembly including roof shingles or roof tiles; and a low profile solar panel, comprising: a solar laminate, and a flexible material sheet adhered to the solar laminate, wherein the flexible material sheet is configured to operate as a frame that supports the solar laminate, houses the solar laminate, and interfaces with a conventional roof shingle or roof tile in an overlapping fashion. 22. The building of claim 21, wherein the first solar panel further comprises a secondary sheet, wherein the secondary sheet is disposed on an edge formed by adhering the flexible material sheet to the solar laminate. 23. The building of claim 21, wherein the first solar panel further comprises electrical wiring or circuitry disposed on the solar laminate. 24. The building of claim 23, wherein the first solar panel further comprises a secondary sheet, wherein the secondary sheet is disposed on an edge formed by adhering the flexible material sheet to the solar laminate, such that the secondary sheet covers the electrical wiring or circuitry. 25. The building of claim 21, wherein the first solar panel is secured to the roof using nails, screws, foam, a tack-down strip, or adhesives. 26. The building of claim 25, wherein the tack-down strip overlaps and connects the first solar panel to a roof shingle or roof tile. 