This invention relates to a frame for mounting a solar panel where a tubular frame member has a generally triangular cross section. The frame member includes a riser element, a span element and a truss element. 5 The frame meets the IEC 61215, Second edition standard for wind and snow loadings without significantly increasing the weight of the solar module compared to conventional frames with an open channel. This invention also relates to an array of solar modules mounted on a structure as well as a method of mounting the frame with a connection channel for slidably accepting an anchor.
Claims 1. A frame for mounting a solar panel, the frame comprising: at least one tubular member, the tubular member having a length and a generally triangular cross section transverse to the length, the tubular member comprising a riser element connecting generally perpendicular to a span element and an at least partially arcuate truss element extending from the riser element and the span element; and a flange in combination with the tubular member for receiving at least a portion of the solar panel. 2. The frame for mounting a solar panel according to claim 1, wherein at least a part of the truss element has a convex shape with respect to the riser element and the span element. 3. The frame for mounting a solar panel according to claim 2, wherein the convex shape includes a knee positioned closer to the span element than the riser element. 4. The frame for mounting a solar panel according to claim 1, wherein the tubular member includes at least one attachment boss disposed within the tubular member for receiving at least one fastener. 5. The frame for mounting a solar panel according to claim 4, further comprising at least one rectangular member in combination with and mating with the tubular member. 6. The frame for mounting a solar panel according to claim 5, wherein the rectangular member and the tubular member form a butt joint attached by at least one fastener and the at least one attachment boss. 7. The frame for mounting a solar panel according to claim 1, further comprising a connection channel formed in the span element along at least a part of the length of the tubular member to receive a portion of an anchor for mounting the frame to a structure. 8. The frame for mounting a solar panel according to claim 7, wherein the connection channel slidably accepts an anchor for mounting the frame to the structure and the connection channel prevents axial rotation of the anchor with respect to the frame. 9. The frame for mounting a solar panel according to claim 8, further comprising: mounting rails receiving the anchor from the connection channel and mounting to the structure in an end mount orientation with respect to the solar panel. 10. A solar module for anchoring to a structure, the solar module comprising: a solar panel including at least one solar cell disposed between a transparent sheet and a backing sheet; a frame for mounting the solar panel including at least one tubular member, the tubular member having a length and a generally triangular cross section transverse to the length, the tubular member comprising a riser element connecting generally perpendicular to a span element and an at least partially arcuate truss element extending from the riser element and the span element; a flange in combination with the tubular member for receiving at least a portion of the solar panel; a connection channel formed in the span element along at least a part of the length of the tubular member to receive a portion of an anchor for joining the frame to the structure. 11. The solar module according to claim 10, wherein the tubular member includes at least one attachment boss. 12. The solar module according to claim 10, wherein the riser element, the span element and the truss element having a thickness of about 0.5 mm to about 2.5 mm. 13. The solar module according to claim 10, wherein: the tubular member having a height of about 30 mm to about 80 mm; and the tubular member having a width of about 10 mm to about 45 mm. 14. The solar module according to claim 10, further comprising: at least one rectangular member in combination with and mating with the at least one tubular member. 15. The solar module according to claim 10, wherein: the solar panel having a perimeter edge and a rectangular shape with a length greater than a width; tubular members disposed along the length of the solar panel and rectangular members disposed along the width of the solar panel to bound the perimeter edge of the solar panel; and a sealant applied to at least a portion of the perimeter edge and the frame. 16. An array of the solar modules according to claim 10, anchoring on a structure comprising: a plurality of solar modules disposed on a structure in an end mount orientation. 17. A method of anchoring the solar module according to claim 10 to a structure, the method comprising: providing a solar module including a frame with a connection channel; sliding a portion of at least one anchor into the connection channel; and connecting the at least one anchor to the structure. 18. An extruded member for mounting a solar panel to a structure, the extruded member comprising: a first linear portion having a length, a first end and a second end, the first linear portion extending generally vertically; a second linear portion having a length, a first end and a second end, the first end of the second linear portion extending generally perpendicular from the second end of the first linear portion and having a length about one eighth to about half the length of the first linear portion; a third linear portion having a length, a first end and a second end, the first end of the third linear portion extending generally perpendicular from the first linear portion and in the same direction as the second linear portion at point on the first linear portion about a thickness of a solar panel below the second linear portion, the third linear portion having a length about the same length as the second linear portion; a fourth linear portion having a length, a first end and a second end, the first end of the fourth linear portion extending from the second end of the third linear portion and forming an acute interior angle with respect to the first linear portion and the third linear portion, the fourth linear portion having a length about one eighth to about three quarters the length of the first linear portion; a first arc portion having a length, a first end and a second end, the first end of the first arc portion extending from the second end of the fourth linear portion and curving towards the first linear portion until the second end of the first arc portion is generally parallel to the first linear portion, the first arc portion having a length about one tenth to about three quarters the length of the first linear portion; a fifth linear portion having a length, a first end and a second end, the first end of the fifth linear portion extending from the second end of the first arc portion generally perpendicular to the first linear portion and the second end of the fifth linear portion joining a point on the first linear portion, the fifth linear portion having a length greater than or less than about the length of the first linear portion; a sixth linear portion having a length, a first end and a second end, the first end of the sixth linear portion extending from the second end of the first arc portion generally parallel to the first linear portion, the sixth linear portion having a about one tenth to about three quarters the length of the first linear portion; a seventh linear portion having a length, a first end and a second end, the first end of the seventh linear portion extending from the second end of the sixth linear portion generally perpendicular to the sixth linear portion and toward the first linear portion; the seventh linear portion having a length about one twentieth to about one half the length of the first linear portion; and an eighth linear portion having a length, a first end and a second end, the first end of the eighth linear portion extending from the first end of the first linear portion generally perpendicular to the first linear portion and towards the seventh linear portion, the eighth linear portion having a length about one tenth to about one half the length of the first linear portion. 19. The generally triangular tubular member for a solar frame to mount a solar panel to a structure according to claim 18, further comprising: a first curved finger and a second curved finger extending from the third linear portion toward the fifth linear portion forming a first c-shaped body; and a third curved finger shortening the length of the fifth linear portion at the second end, the third curved finger connecting to the first end of the first linear portion and the second end of the eighth linear portion, the third curved finger forming a second c-shaped body. 20. The generally triangular tubular member for a solar frame to mount a solar panel to a structure according to claim 18, wherein: the first linear portion forms a groove on an exterior surface of the frame about 0.5 to about 1.5 mm deep and about 5 mm to about 15 mm wide. 