An unitized curtain wall unit houses energy conversion devices (such as photovoltaic modules), and includes integrated raceways/wireways for routing signal and power cables within a building facade or exterior shell structures.
Claims 1. An electrical wireway adapted for use in a unitized curtain wall module defining part of an exterior shell of a building structure and comprising: a metal based conduit adapted with an insulated channel to route both high voltage cabling and low voltage signal cabling in a first direction; said metal based conduit including a mount adapted to attach the electrical wireway to the unitized curtain wall module; said metal based conduit further including at least one electrical connector situated on an exterior surface and adapted to receive and connect to an output cable from an energy conversion module; further wherein said metal based conduit is adapted to house an integrated control module for said energy conversion module. 2. The electrical wireway of claim 1, wherein said high voltage cabling, low voltage signal cabling and metal based conduit are all Underwriters Laboratories rated. 3. The electrical wireway of claim 1, wherein said high voltage cabling and low voltage signal cabling are routed from said energy conversion module to an inverter within the building structure both horizontally and vertically across multiple stories using only Underwriters Laboratories rated conduits. 4. The electrical wireway of claim 1, wherein said metal based conduit is integrated and permanently affixed to the unitized curtain wall module during manufacture of such module. 5. The electrical wireway of claim 1, wherein said metal based conduit is separately manufactured and is attached to the unitized curtain wall module during installation of such module within said exterior shell. 6. The electrical wireway of claim 1, wherein said metal based conduit is affixed to a backside of the unitized curtain wall module. 7. The electrical wireway of claim 1, wherein said metal based conduit is made of aluminum. 8. The electrical wireway of claim 1, wherein said metal based conduit includes an additional insulating liner. 9. The electrical wireway of claim 1 wherein said connector includes a grommet adapted to reduce damage to said output cable. 10. The electrical wireway of claim 1, wherein said first direction is horizontal with respect to said exterior shell. 11. The electrical wireway of claim 1, wherein said first direction is vertical with respect to said exterior shell. 12. The electrical wireway of claim 1, wherein said metal based conduit also houses additional tubing/conduits for transporting other materials within said exterior shell. 13. The electrical wireway of claim 1, wherein said metal based conduit routes at least one of said high voltage cabling and low voltage signal cabling through one or more mullions of said unitized curtain wall module within said exterior shell. 14. The electrical wireway of claim 1, wherein said metal based conduit further houses a management unit for controlling a plurality of control modules. 15. An electrical wireway adapted for use in a unitized curtain wall module defining part of an exterior shell of a building structure and comprising: a metal based conduit adapted with an insulated channel to route both high voltage cabling and low voltage signal cabling in a first direction; said metal based conduit including a mount adapted to attach the electrical wireway to the unitized curtain wall module; said metal based conduit further including at least one electrical connector situated on an exterior surface and adapted to receive and connect to an output cable carrying a power output from a photovoltaic energy conversion module; further wherein said metal based conduit is adapted to house an integrated control module for said photovoltaic energy conversion module, which integrated control module is coupled to said power output. 16. The electrical wireway of claim 15, wherein said high voltage cabling, low voltage signal cabling and metal based conduit are all Underwriters Laboratories rated. 17. The electrical wireway of claim 15, wherein said metal based conduit also houses additional tubing/conduits for transporting other materials within said exterior shell. 18. The electrical wireway of claim 15, wherein said metal based conduit routes at least one of said high voltage cabling and low voltage signal cabling through one or more mullions of said unitized curtain wall module within said exterior shell. 19. The electrical wireway of claim 15 wherein said connector includes a grommet adapted to reduce damage to said output cable. 20. An electrical wireway adapted for use in a unitized curtain wall module defining part of an exterior shell of a building structure and comprising: a metal based conduit rated for Underwriters Laboratories compliance and adapted to route both high voltage cabling and low voltage signal cabling in a first direction along a plurality of unitized curtain wall modules; said metal based conduit including a mount adapted to attach the electrical wireway to the plurality of unitized curtain wall modules; said metal based conduit further including a plurality of electrical connectors situated on an exterior surface and adapted to receive and connect to a plurality of output cables carrying a power output from a plurality of associated photovoltaic energy conversion modules forming a solar power generating array; further wherein said metal based conduit is adapted to house a plurality of integrated control modules, each of which is coupled to an associated photovoltaic energy conversion module; wherein a power output from said solar power generating array is carried within a continuous metal based conduit integrated entirely within said exterior shell. 