Tracking movement of clouds is used to predict the effects of cloud cover on irradiation of a solar-powered distributed power generation system. The predictions enable a solar power plant to maintain the changes in its total power output within operating requirements with less or no dependence on energy storage, back up generation, or load control, use centralized and/or local coordination of solar farm control systems to use storage to its best advantage, alternately reduce power fluctuations without cloud knowledge and use real time solar output prediction capabilities to be able to provide utilities with advance information regarding power fluctuations.
Claims 1. A method of controlling a power generation system having a power output affected by weather-related factors, the method comprising: obtaining information about changes in weather-related factors capable of affecting the power output; calculating one or more of an amplitude, a rate of change, an onset, and a duration of an expected power-output change resulting from the changes in weather-related factors described in the obtained information; comparing the expected power-output change with predetermined threshold criteria to produce a comparison result; and selecting and executing a response corresponding to the comparison result. 2. The method of claim 1, where the obtaining of information comprises at least one of: receiving measurement data from weather sensors located at or near the power generation system, monitoring data from external sources of weather-related information, and accessing historical weather-related data for the power generating system's location. 3. The method of claim 2, where the changes in weather-related factors comprise changes in at least one of: cloud coverage, cloud type, cloud position, cloud movement, cloud density, cloud transmission of various spectral components of sunlight, cloud scattering of sunlight, wind speed, wind shear, wind direction, environmental lapse rate, atmospheric pressure gradients, and atmospheric temperature gradients. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising inferring changes in weather factors from identifiable characteristics of changes in a localized weather-sensitive power source's power output. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising: retrieving stored information on solar position and angle relative to a solar panel in the power generation system for the time of the expected power-output change, and analyzing the effect of the change in weather-related factors on solar irradiance on the solar panel during the time of the expected power-output change. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising: measuring actual power-output changes from the power-generating system at times substantially corresponding to the onset and duration of the expected power-output changes, storing the measurements of actual power output in an archive along with the corresponding obtained information and calculated effects on power output, searching the archive for stored records having substantially similar obtained information to the information presently obtained, comparing the stored records' expected power-output changes to the corresponding actual power-output changes, calculating correction factors from discrepancies between the expected and actual power-output changes in the stored records, and applying the correction factors to the expected power-output changes calculated for the information presently obtained. 7. The method of claim 1, where the predetermined threshold criteria comprise at least one of: acceptable power-output ranges from the power generation system, and acceptable power-output ramping rates from the power generation system. 8. The method of claim 7, where the predetermined threshold criteria are based on at least one of: customer specifications, regulatory requirements, power connectivity standards, demand schedules, limitations of a connected grid, and production targets of scheduled power & intermittent energy. 9. The method of claim 1, where: the comparison result comprises a weather-related decrease in output power at a rate exceeding the predetermined threshold, and the corresponding response comprises gradually decreasing the power delivered by the power generating system, beginning in advance of the expected onset of the weather-related decrease, at a rate that does not exceed the predetermined threshold. 10. The method of claim 9, where gradually decreasing the power delivered comprises at least one of: ceasing power delivery from a selected inverter at a selected time, resuming power delivery from a selected inverter at a selected time, and changing the operating point of a selected inverter at a selected time. 11. The method of claim 9, further comprising diverting to an energy storage device any generated power that would otherwise be discarded in the course of gradually decreasing the power delivered. 12. The method of claim 1, where: the comparison result comprises a weather-related increase in output power at a rate exceeding the predetermined threshold, and the corresponding response comprises slowing the increase in power delivered by the power generating system, beginning when the weather-related increase is sensed, at a rate that does not exceed the predetermined threshold. 13. The method of claim 12, where slowing the increase in power delivered by the power generating system comprises at least one of: ceasing power delivery from a selected inverter at a selected time, resuming power delivery from a selected inverter at a selected time, changing the operating point of a selected inverter at a selected time, and using an inverter that automatically senses an increase in input power and responds by limiting the upward rate of change in output power. 14. The method of claim 12, further comprising diverting to an energy storage device any generated power that would otherwise be discarded in the course of slowing the increase in power delivered. 15. A machine-readable storage medium programmed with instructions and data for operating a power generation system having a power output affected by weather-related factors, the instructions and data comprising: location data for a weather-sensitive power source, instructions for obtaining information about changes in weather-related factors capable of affecting the power output of the weather-sensitive power source; instructions for calculating an amplitude, rate of change, onset, and duration of an expected power-output change resulting from the changes in weather-related factors described in the obtained information; instructions for comparing the expected power-output change with predetermined threshold criteria to produce a comparison result; data on a plurality of recommended system responses to comparison results, and instructions for selecting and executing a response corresponding to the comparison result. 16. The storage medium of claim 15, where the instructions for obtaining information comprise at least one of: location data for sensors linked to the power generation system and instructions for receiving measurements from the sensors; location data related to external sources of weather-related information and instructions for monitoring data from the external sources; and historical weather-related data for the power generating system's location. 17. The storage medium of claim 16, where the instructions for calculating an expected output change comprise formulae for calculating the effect on output power of at least one of: cloud coverage, cloud type, cloud position, cloud movement, cloud density, cloud transmission of various spectral components of sunlight, cloud scattering of sunlight, wind speed, wind shear, wind direction, environmental lapse rate, atmospheric pressure gradients, and atmospheric temperature gradients. 18. The storage medium of claim 15, further comprising: location data for an additional weather-sensitive power source, instructions for monitoring local power output from the weather-sensitive power source and the additional weather-sensitive power source, and instructions for inferring changes in weather factors from identifiable characteristics of the monitored local power outputs. 19. The storage medium of claim 15, further comprising: time-dependent solar position and angle data relative to a solar panel in the power generation system, and instructions for including the solar position and angle data in an analysis of expected changes in solar irradiance on the solar panel during the calculated onset and duration times. 20. The storage medium of claim 15, further comprising: instructions for measuring actual changes in output power from the power-generating system and writing the measurements to an archive along with the corresponding obtained information and the calculated effects on power output, instructions for searching the archive for stored records having substantially similar obtained information to the information presently obtained, instructions for comparing the stored records' expected power-output changes to the corresponding actual power-output changes, instructions for calculating correction factors from discrepancies between the expected and actual power-output changes in the stored records, and instructions for applying the correction factors to the expected power-output changes calculated for the information presently obtained. 21. The storage medium of claim 15, where the predetermined threshold criteria comprise at least one of: acceptable power-output ranges from the power generation system, and acceptable power-output ramping rates from the power generation system. 22. The storage medium of claim 21, where the predetermined threshold criteria are based on at least one of: regulatory requirements, demand schedules, limitations of a connected grid, and production targets of scheduled power & intermittent energy. 23. The storage medium of claim 15, where: the response corresponding to an expected weather-related decrease in output power at a rate exceeding the predetermined threshold comprises gradually decreasing the power delivered by the power generating system, beginning in advance of the expected onset of the weather-related decrease, at a rate that does not exceed the predetermined threshold. 24. The storage medium of claim 15, where the response corresponding to an expected weather-related increase in output power at a rate exceeding the predetermined threshold comprises slowing the increase in power delivered by the power generating system, beginning when the weather-related increase is sensed, at a rate that does not exceed the predetermined threshold. 25. The storage medium of claim 15, further comprising instructions for controlling at least one selected inverter in the power generating system at selected times to do at least one of: temporarily ceasing power delivery, resuming power delivery, changing its operating point, and limiting its rate of power-output increase when it senses a power-input increase. 26. The storage medium of claim 15, further comprising instructions for diverting to an energy storage device any generated power that would otherwise be discarded in the course of gradually decreasing or slowing the increase of the power delivered. 27. Means for controlling a power generation system having a power output affected by weather-related factors, the method comprising: means for obtaining information about changes in weather-related factors capable of affecting the power output; means for calculating an amplitude, rate of change, onset, and duration of an expected power-output change resulting from the changes in weather-related factors described in the obtained information; means for comparing the expected power-output change with predetermined threshold criteria to produce a comparison result; and means for selecting and executing a response corresponding to the comparison result. 28. The means as described in claim 27, where the means for obtaining information obtains the information from at least one of: sensors linked to the power generation system, weather sensors located at or near the power generation system, external sources of real-time weather-related information, and histories of past weather-related data for the power generating system's location. 29. The means as described in claim 27, where the means for obtaining information provides real-time quantitative data on at least one of: cloud coverage, cloud type, cloud position, cloud movement, cloud density, cloud transmission of various spectral components of sunlight, cloud scattering of sunlight, wind speed, wind shear, wind direction, environmental lapse rate, atmospheric pressure gradients, and atmospheric temperature gradients. 30. The means as described in claim 27, further comprising: means for calculating solar position and angle relative to a solar panel in the power generation system for the calculated onset and duration times, and means for analyzing the change in solar irradiance on the solar panel during the calculated onset and duration times due to the weather-related factor changes in the obtained information. 31. The means as described in claim 27, further comprising means for applying correction factors to a presently calculated amplitude, rate of change, onset, and duration of an expected power-output change, the correction factors based on past discrepancies between actual power-output changes and calculated power-output changes corresponding to weather-related factor changes similar to those indicated in the presently obtained information. 