Methods and devices are provided for improved rooftop solar module mounting assemblies. In one embodiment, an assembly is provided for mounting a plurality of photovoltaic devices over a roof surface. The assembly comprises of a plurality of elongate metal rods, wherein the elongate metal rods are connected together to define a support grid; a plurality of non-roof penetrating grid supports configured to elevate the support grid above the roof surface, wherein the panels are grouped to define a rigid combination of modules and beams wherein the combination covers sufficient area and has sufficient rigidity which minimizes the risk of module lift off. Some embodiments are non-ballasted systems without features added to increase the weight of the system above a minimum required for conventional wind load ballasting for solar installations.
Claims 1. An assembly for mounting a plurality of photovoltaic modules over an installation surface, the assembly comprising: a rigidly interconnected array of PV modules laid up on top of a roof without penetration into the roof where the array is large enough in horizontal area for weight of the array to be high enough to resist wind uplift based only on area and weight of the array, without additional ballast and without any roofing penetration 2. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the module weight is at least 16 kg/m2, with a minimum area of 25 square meters and a minimum lowest dimension of 5 meters in the x or y axis, with a maximum weight of the array not to exceed 32 kg/m2. 3. The assembly of claim 1 wherein module weight to module area is at least 16 kg/m2, with a minimum area of 36 square meters and a minimum lowest dimension of 6 meters in the x or y axis, with a maximum weight of the array not to exceed 32 kg/m2. 4. The assembly of claim 1 wherein theto area is at least 16 kg/m2, with a minimum area of 36 square meters and a minimum lowest dimension of 6 meters in the x or y axis, with a maximum weight of the array not to exceed 32 kg/m2. 5. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the module weight to area is at least about 50% of the weight of the entire array. 6. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the module weight to area is at least about 40% of the weight of the entire array. 7. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the minimum horizontal area is at least 5 m.times.5 m. 8. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the minimum horizontal area is at least 6 m.times.6 m. 9. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the minimum weight of the modules is at least 14 kg/m2. 10. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the array has a configuration that resists wind uplift at lateral winds of up to 80 mph. 11. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the array has a configuration that resists wind uplift at lateral winds of up to 100 mph. 12. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the array comprises of the PV modules, a support grid beneath the PV modules, and non-roof penetrating grid supports for lifting the support grid above the roof. 13. The assembly of claim 1 wherein the modules are mounted over junction points of elongate elements in the grid to provide rigidity to the grid by rigidly coupling the module over the grid to use the module as a stiffening member 14. The assembly of claim 1 further comprising angled flaps that minimize wind flow to the underside of the modules. 15. The assembly of claim 1 wherein a downward pressure is created in about a center 70% area of the array. 16. The assembly of claim 1 wherein a downward pressure is created in about a center 60% area of the array. 17. The assembly of claim 1 wherein overall maximum edge deflection during wind load is less than about 10 degrees from horizontal. 18. The assembly of claim 1 wherein overall maximum edge deflection during wind load is less than about 5 degrees from horizontal. 19. An assembly for mounting a plurality of photovoltaic modules over an installation surface, the assembly comprising: a rigidly interconnected array of PV modules laid up on top of a roof without penetration into the roof where the array has a horizontal area of at least 25 square meters with a minimum of 5 meters in both the x and y axis, and weight of the array to be at least 3.3 lbs/ft2 to resist wind uplift based only on area and weight of the array, without additional ballast and without any roofing penetration, total weight not to exceed 6.6 lbs/ft2. 20. An assembly for mounting a plurality of photovoltaic modules over an installation surface, the assembly comprising: a support grid defined by a plurality of elongate members; a plurality of non-roof penetrating grid supports configured to elevate the support grid above the installation surface; wherein the support grid when coupled to the photovoltaic modules, creates a stiffly interconnected block of PV modules in a non-bending geometry in winds of up to 85 mph that prevents wind up lift. 21. The assembly of claim 20 wherein: the supports are positioned at locations where the elongate members cross or intersect; wherein the support grid is configured to receive the PV modules at locations where the elongate members are joined whereby when the grid is coupled to the photovoltaic modules, creates a stiffly interconnected block of PV modules in the non-bending geometry in winds of up to 85 mph that prevents wind up lift; wherein the modules weigh more that the support grid, total weight not to exceed 4 lbs/ft2. 