The present invention comprises an asphalt roofing shingle with integrated thin film solar cells that is easy to install and scalable to each particular application. The system of the present invention comprises a standard asphalt roofing shingle manufactured with an integrated thin film solar cell connected to two electrodes configured on opposing sides of the shingle. The shingle is dimensioned to that of a standard asphalt shingle. Roofing nails, which are used to install the shingle to the roof, physically attach the shingle to the roof, may also establish an electrical connection between the electrodes of the respective shingles creating a unified electrical circuit amongst the attached solar shingles.
Claims 1. A solar shingle comprising in combination: an asphalt shingle having an outer and an under side; said outer side including a plurality of solar cells attached thereon and a first electrode, wherein said plurality of solar cells are electrically connected to said first electrode; and said under side including a second electrode which is electrically connected to said plurality of solar cells. 2. The solar shingle of claim 1, wherein said under side further includes an adhesive strip along the length of said shingle. 3. The solar shingle of claim 1, wherein said solar cells comprise flexible, thin-film photovoltaic material. 4. The solar shingle of claim 1, wherein said plurality of solar cells are electrically connected to said electrodes by means of an insulated wire embedded in said shingle. 5. The solar shingle of claim 1, wherein said electrodes are configured on said shingle so that the first electrode on a first shingle will align with the second electrode on a second shingle when the second shingle positioned over the first shingle in an overlapping manner. 6. A solar shingle, comprising in combination: a roofing shingle having an outer surface and an under surface; said outer surface including at least one solar cell attached thereon and a first electrode, wherein said at least one solar cell is electrically connected to said first electrode; and said under surface including a second electrode which is electrically connected to said at least one solar cell. 7. The solar shingle of claim 6, wherein said under surface includes an adhesive strip along the length of said shingle. 8. The solar shingle of claim 6, wherein said at least one solar cell is comprised of flexible, thin-film photovoltaic material. 9. The solar shingle of claim 6, wherein said at least one solar cell is electrically connected to said electrodes by means of an insulated wire embedded in said shingle. 10. The solar shingle of claim 6, wherein said electrodes are configured on said shingle so that the first electrode on a first shingle will align with the second electrode on a second shingle when the second shingle positioned over the first shingle in an overlapping manner. 11. A system for generating electrical power, comprising in combination: an electrical collection mechanism; a first electrode band electrically connected to said collection mechanism, said first electrode band attached to a roof surface; a second electrode band electrically connected to said collection mechanism, said second electrode band attached to said roof surface and spaced apart from said first electrode band; a plurality of solar shingles configured between said first and second electrode bands in an overlapping manner, wherein each of said plurality of solar shingles comprises: a roofing shingle having an outer surface and an under surface; said outer surface including at least one solar cell attached thereon and a first electrode, wherein said at least one solar cell is electrically connected to said first electrode; and said under surface including a second electrode which is electrically connected to said at least one solar cell, wherein said electrodes are configured on said shingle so that the first electrode on a first shingle will align with the second electrode on a second shingle when the second shingle positioned over the first shingle in an overlapping manner; wherein, said plurality of solar shingles when configured in said overlapping manner form an electrical circuit between said first and second electrode bands. 12. The system for generating electrical power of claim 11, wherein said electrical collection mechanism comprises a battery. 13. The system for generating electrical power of claim 11, wherein said electrical collection mechanism comprises an electrical inverter mechanism. 14. The system for generating electrical power of claim 13, wherein said electrical inverter mechanism is connected to an electrical grid. 15. The system for generating electrical power of claim 11, wherein the under surface of each solar shingle includes an adhesive strip along the length of said shingle. 16. The system for generating electrical power of claim 11, wherein said at least one solar cell on each solar shingle is comprised of flexible, thin-film photovoltaic material. 17. The system for generating electrical power of claim 11, wherein said first electrode band is electrically connected to said second electrode on the under surface of each of said plurality of solar shingles in a first row. 18. The system for generating electrical power of claim 17, wherein said second electrode band is electrically connected to said first electrode on the outer surface of each of said plurality of solar shingles in a second row. 19. The system for generating electrical power of claim 11, wherein each of said plurality of solar shingles are fixably attached to said roof surface by at least one nail fastener. 20. The system for generating electrical power of claim 19, wherein said at least one nail fastener is partially conductive. 