A modular solar racking system comprises a plurality of modular solar rack supports that interconnect to provide a portable, non-invasive solar electrical generation system. One embodiment comprises a plastic modular solar rack support having a base portion, a ballast holding portion, a strut and a wedge portion. Supports are interconnected by fitting within grooves in the strut. Uni-strut frames are attached to the supports and solar panels are mounted thereon. In another embodiment, the supports comprise a base portion, a ballast holding portion, a forward lifting portion, a rearward lifting portion and a strut. Again, supports are interconnected by fitting within grooves disposed in the strut. The supports are stackable and are installed on-site using a torque wrench. Ballast may be used to hold the supports down. In one embodiment, a membrane is applied to the bottom surface which is used to adhere the support to a surface.
Claims 1. A modular solar rack support comprising: a base portion; said base portion having a wedge portion disposed on an upper surface thereon; a mounting track attached to an upper surface of said wedge portion; a connecting strut disposed on an end of said base portion; a connecting strut opening disposed on a other end of said base portion wherein another connecting strut fits therein to connect at least two said modular solar rack supports; and said modular solar rack support adapted to fit within said another modular rack support to provide stackability. 2. The modular solar rack support of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of locking grooves perpendicularly disposed along said connecting strut wherein said connecting strut opening fits therein to lock said modular solar rack therein. 3. The modular solar rack support of claim 1 further comprising at least one solar panel attached to said mounting track. 4. The modular solar rack support of claim 1 further comprising at least one ballast holding portion disposed along an upper surface of said base portion adapted to hold at least one ballast wherein said modular solar rack support is stabilized by the weight of said at least one ballast. 5. A modular solar rack support comprising: a base portion; a wedge portion disposed at one end of said base portion; a riser centrally disposed on said base portion, an upper connecting bracket disposed on a top surface of said riser; at least one lower connecting bracket attached to an upper surface of said wedge portion; a connecting strut disposed on an end of said base portion; a connecting strut opening disposed on a other end of said base portion wherein another connecting strut fits therein to connect at least two said modular solar rack supports; and said modular solar rack support adapted to fit within said another modular rack support to provide stackability. 6. The modular solar rack support of claim 4 further comprising a plurality of locking grooves perpendicularly disposed along said connecting strut wherein said connecting strut opening fits therein to lock said modular solar rack therein. 7. The modular solar rack support of claim 4 further comprising at least one solar panel attached to said upper and lower connecting brackets. 8. The modular solar rack support of claim 4 further comprising an adhesive membrane disposed along a bottom surface of said base portion wherein said adhesive membrane attaches to a selected surface. 9. The modular solar rack support of claim 4 further comprising at least one ballast holding portion disposed along an upper surface of said base portion adapted to hold at least one ballast wherein said modular solar rack support is stabilized by the weight of said at least one ballast. 10. A modular solar racking system comprising: at least two modular solar rack supports; each of said at least two modular solar rack supports comprises a base portion; a wedge portion disposed at one end of said base portion; a riser centrally disposed on said base portion, at least one ballast holding portion disposed between said riser and said wedge portion; an upper connecting bracket disposed on a top surface of said riser; at least one lower connecting bracket attached to an upper surface of said wedge portion; a connecting strut disposed on an end of said base portion; a connecting strut opening disposed on a other end of said base portion wherein another connecting strut fits therein to connect at least two said modular solar rack supports; and said modular solar rack support adapted to fit within said another modular rack support to provide stackability; an upper track connected to said upper connecting brackets; a lower track connected to said lower connecting brackets; and at least one solar panel connected to said upper and lower tracks. 