Unique mounting structures and installation methods for arrays of photovoltaic modules are disclosed. These structures and methods allow for simple, inexpensive and facile production of expansive area solar energy collection facilities.
Claims 1. In combination, a photovoltaic module and a conductor, said photovoltaic module comprising multiple interconnected photovoltaic cells and further comprising a terminal bar, said conductor comprising a rigid, elongate metallic form positioned exterior said module, said combination characterized by having said terminal bar electrically connected to said conductor through a mechanical fastener comprising metal. 2. The combination of claim 1 wherein said terminal bar comprises a metallic wire, strip, or mesh. 3. The combination of claim 1 wherein said terminal bar comprises a conductive ink. 4. The combination of claim 1 wherein said terminal bar comprises chemically or electrochemically deposited metal. 5. The combination of claim 1 wherein said module has an end cell and a monolithic material structure forms portions of both said terminal bar and an electrode of said end cell. 6. The combination of claim 1 wherein said conductor comprises aluminum or copper. 7. The combination of claim 1 wherein said fastener comprises stainless steel or titanium. 8. The combination of claim 1 wherein multiple fasteners are used to achieve multiple connections between the terminal bar and the conductor. 9. The combination of claim 1 wherein said electrical connection between said terminal bar and said conductor is achieved absent the use of flexible metallic leads extending to the exterior of said module. 10. The combination of claim 1 wherein said terminal bar has attachment structure intended to mate with complimentary attachment structure present on said conductor. 11. The combination of claim 10 wherein said terminal bar attachment structure comprises through holes. 12. The combination of claim 1 wherein said mechanical fastener is chosen from the group comprising a threaded bolt, an expansion bolt, a metal anchor, a rivet, a U-bolt a spring clip, or a banana plug. 13. The combination of claim 1 further comprising a second of said modules, a terminal bar of the second module electrically connected to said conductor in substantially the same way as said first module. 14. The combination of claim 1 wherein said module has a length and a width, said multiple cells connected in series, said cells having a dimension substantially equal to said module width, said cells arranged such that voltage increases progressively in the direction of said module length while being constant in the direction of said module width. 15. The combination of claim 1 wherein said conductor serves as a buss for conveyance of power produced by a multiple of said modules. 16. The combination of claim 1 elevated above a base plain such that there is an air space between said base plane and said module. 17. The combination of claim 16 wherein said elevation is achieved using a solid pier or liquid filled tank. 18. In combination, a photovoltaic module and a mounting structure, said photovoltaic module comprising multiple interconnected photovoltaic cells, said mounting structure comprising a top surface to which said module is attached and further comprising structure allowing the forks of a forklift device to be inserted below said top surface to allow transport of said combination with said device. 19. The combination of claim 18 wherein said mounting structure comprises a pallet. 20. The mounting structure of claim 18 wherein said mounting structure comprises a tank. 