PV modules are provided that have a frame construction which permits the photovoltaic power-generating cells, DC/AC power conversion means, electrical wiring and other installation aspects to be merged into the module. The modules also are provided with means for coupling them to mounting stands whereby they can be mounted to a roof and also the frame construction is adapted to facilitate mechanically securing adjacent modules to one another.
Claims 1. An AC PV module comprising: a photovoltaic laminate having DC electrical output terminals; a substantially rigid frame surrounding and overlapping edge portions of said photovoltaic laminate, said frame comprising a plurality of interconnected frame members, with at least one of said frame members being made of a heat-conductive metal and defining an elongate channel extending parallel to an edge portion of said photovoltaic laminate; an electrical inverter having an input section and an output section with said input section connected to said DC electrical output terminals, said inverter intruding into said channel and being mounted to and in heat-conducting relation with said one frame member; and an AC bus connected to said output section of said inverter, said AC output bus being disposed within and extending along said channel and having at least one end projecting out of said module for connection to another module or some other electrical apparatus. 2. An AC PV module according to claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic laminate has front and rear surfaces, and said elongate channel is disposed behind said rear surface. 3. An AC PV module according to claim 1 wherein said inverter comprises a heat-conductive metal housing in heat-conducting contact with said one frame member. 4. An AC PV module according to claim 1 wherein said channel is a box channel, and further wherein said box channel has an opening for permitting access to the interior of said channel, said opening and said inverter being in substantial alignment with one another, and further including a metal cover plate releasably secured to said box channel in position to close off said opening, said frame and said cover plate functioning as a heat sink and/or electrical ground path for said inverter. 5. An AC PV module according to claim 4 wherein said inverter is attached to said cover plate. 6. An AC PV module according to claim 1 wherein said one frame member defining said channel comprises a top wall, a bottom wall, and a side wall that extends between said top and bottom walls and defines the outer periphery of said frame, said top and bottom walls extending inwardly of said side wall, and further wherein said inverter is mounted to said frame inwardly of said side wall between said top and bottom walls. 7. An AC PV module according to claim 6 wherein said inverter is releasably attached to said side wall. 8. An AC PV module according to claim 6 wherein said inverter comprises a heat-conductive metal housing in heat-conducting contact with at least one of said walls, whereby heat generated by said inverter is dissipated by absorption by said frame member. 9. An AC PV module according to claim 8 wherein said heat-conductive metal housing is in heat-conducting contact with said side and bottom walls. 10. An AC PV module according to claim 8 wherein said PV laminate has a rear surface, and said heat-conductive housing includes a portion that is exposed to the environment behind said rear surface of said photovoltaic laminate. 11. An AC PV module according to claim 6 in combination with support members engaged with two opposite frame members for mounting and securing said module to an underlying support structure so that said rear surface of said photovoltaic laminate is spaced from said underlying support structure to permit air to flow between said module and said underlying support structure. 12. An AC PV module according to claim 11 wherein said support structure is a roof and said support members are connected to said roof. 13. An AC PV module according to claim 11 wherein said frame includes a support-captivating member at opposite sides of said module, and each of said captivating members is releasably coupled to one or more of said support members. 14. An AC PV module according to claim 13 wherein each support-captivating member comprises a flange on the outer side of said frame that defines a support-receiving channel, and further wherein each support member has a bottom end adapted to anchor said support member to said underlying support structure and a top end that is sized to fit in said support-receiving channel. 15. An AC PV module according to claim 1, further including a second like PV module disposed in co-planar relation therewith, and removable first and second connector members coupling said frame of said PV module to the frame of said second like PV module, and further wherein said AC bus is connected to the output sections of the inverters of both modules, said AC bus extending within said elongate channels of said one frame members of both modules and also along a channel defined by said first connector member. 16. A PV module according to claim 1 wherein said PV laminate has front and rear surfaces and has a rectangular configuration defined by four side edge portions and four corners formed by four said side edge portions, said frame comprises individual frame members attached to each of said four side edge portions and abutting one another at said four corners, and further wherein at least one of said corners is characterized by a gap formed in said frame on the front side thereof for draining moisture accumulating on said front surface. 17. A PV module according to claim 1 wherein said module comprises at least two photovoltaic laminates surrounded and supported by said frame, and further wherein each module includes an interface rail interposed between and overlapping adjacent end portions of said at least two photovoltaic laminates, said interface rail being anchored at its opposite ends to said frame. 18. A first AC PV module and at least a second like AC PV module, each module comprising: a rectangular photovoltaic laminate having front and rear surfaces and DC electrical output terminals; a substantially rigid frame surrounding and overlapping edge portions of said photovoltaic laminate, said frame comprising first and second mutually parallel frame members connected to and extending between opposite ends of third and fourth opposite frame members, each of said frame members being made of a heat-conductive metal and defining an elongate channel extending parallel to an edge portion of said photovoltaic laminate; an electrical inverter having an input section and an output section with said input section connected to said DC electrical output terminals, said inverter having a heat-conducting metal housing intruding into said elongate channel of said first frame member; means mounting said inverter to said first frame member with said housing in heat-conducting engagement with first frame member; an electrical cable disposed within said elongate channel of said first frame member, said cable being connected to the output section of said inverter whereby to convey the AC power output of said inverter; and a first connector attached to and extending between said first frame members of said first and second modules and a second connector attached to and extending between said second frame members of said first and second modules; first frame members of both modules and said first connector having openings, said electrical cable of said first module being connected to said electrical cable of said second module via said openings and said first connector. 19. The combination of claim 18 wherein each of said modules includes captivating flanges on outer surfaces of each of two opposite ones of said frame members, said captivating flanges defining channels of limited width extending lengthwise of the frame members with which they are associated; and further including support members sized to fit within said channels of limited width for mounting said modules to and in spaced relation with an underlying support structure so as to permit air to flow between said modules and said underlying support structure, said support members and modules being movable relative to one another lengthwise of said channels of limited width, and means engaged with said flanges for releasably locking modules to said support members. 20. The combination of claim 19 wherein said captivating flanges are integral parts of said first and second frame members of said modules, whereby said modules are supported at said first and second frame members thereof by said support members. 21. The combination of claim 19 wherein said modules are mounted by said support members on an underlying support structure so that said first and second frame members extend horizontally and said modules are inclined with said second frame members disposed at a higher elevation than said first frame members. 22. The combination of claim 18 wherein said first and second connectors hold said two modules in spaced and co-planar relation with one another. 23. The combination of claim 19 wherein portions of said connectors extend into said channels of limited width, and further including means engaged with said captivating flanges for releasably locking said portions of said connectors to said captivating flanges. 24. The combination of claim 18 wherein each module comprises at least two photovoltaic laminates surrounded and supported by said frame, and further wherein each module includes an interface rail interposed between and overlapping end portions of said at least two PV laminates, said interface rail being anchored at its opposite ends to said frame. 25. The combination of claim 24 further including a cap for said interface rail. 26. A plurality of like AC PV modules each comprising: at least one photovoltaic laminate having a front surface, a rear surface, and DC electrical output conductors protruding from said laminate; a substantially rigid frame surrounding and supporting said at least one PV laminate, said frame comprising first, second, third and fourth frame members each having portions thereof overlapping edge portions of said laminate's front and rear surfaces, said first and second frame members being parallel to one another and extending perpendicular to said third and fourth frame members, at least said first and second frame members comprising integral walls that define an elongate channel extending lengthwise of said first and second frame members and projecting rearward of said rear surface of said laminate an electrical inverter disposed within said elongate channels of said first frame members, said inverter comprising a metal housing in heat-conducting and electrical grounding relation with said first frame members, said inverter having a DC input section and an AC output section with said DC input section being connected to said DC electrical output conductors of said laminate; said modules being aligned a row in co-planar relationship with one another; first and second connector members mechanically connecting each module to an adjacent module in the row so as to maintain the modules in said co-planar relationship, said first and second connector members being releasably attached to first and second frame members respectively of immediately adjacent modules and functioning as heat-conductors and electrical ground paths between said modules; and an AC bus interconnecting all of the output sections of said inverters, said AC bus disposed within and extending along said elongate channels of said first frame members and also along said connector members. 27. The combination of claim 26 wherein said modules are mounted on and in spaced relation to a supporting structure so that said first and second frame members extend horizontally and so that said first frame members are disposed at a lower elevation than said second frame members, whereby to promote cooling of said inverters by upward air flow between said support structure and said modules. 28. The combination of claim 26 wherein said first connectors are hollow and said AC bus is routed out of the elongate channel of the first frame member of one module through a first connector into the elongate channel of the first frame member of the immediately adjacent module. 29. The combination of claim 26 further including means for mounting said row of modules on a roof in spaced relation to that roof, said mounting means comprising at least first and second mounting stands for each module, with at least one first mounting stand coupled to one frame member of a module and at least one second mounting stand coupled to a second opposite frame member of the same module, and each mounting stand comprising a base portion adapted to be engaged with a roof structure and a second upstanding portion, and further wherein said first and second frame members each includes means for making an interlocking connection with said second upstanding portions of said mounting stands whereby to lock said modules to said stands. 30. The combination of claim 26 wherein said modules are disposed in at least two parallel rows, and further including a plurality of first and second mounting stands for mounting said two row of modules on a roof in spaced relation to that roof, at least some of said first and second mounting stands comprising a base portion adapted to be engaged with a roof structure and first and second mutually spaced upstanding portions, said first upstanding portions being engaged with said first frame members of the modules in one row in module supporting relation therewith, and said second upstanding portions being engaged with said second frame members of the modules in the adjacent row in module supporting relation therewith, and further including means for locking said first and second upstanding portions of said mounting stands to said modules. 31. The combination of claim 26 wherein each module comprises two PV laminates surrounded and supported by said frame, and further including an interface rail interposed between said laminates and attached at its ends to said frame. 