The invention relates to a device for mounting solar modules/solar panels on props that are introduced into the ground of the mounting location, wherein supports that can be connected on top of or on the props are arranged by means of fastening means that allow vertical compensation and/or lateral compensation for deviations of the introduced props from the perpendicular, wherein the fastening means comprise a rail (3) that can be connected to the prop (2), a T-shaped or L-shaped or U-shaped connecting flange (4) with at least one connector (8) for a support (5), and a rocker bearing (6) that allows the connection between the rail (3) and the connecting flange (4) to be established (FIG. 2).
Claims 1. A device for mounting solar modules/solar panels on props that are introduced into the ground of the mounting location, wherein supports that can be connected on top of or on the props are arranged by means of fastening means that allow vertical compensation and/or lateral compensation for deviations of the introduced props from the perpendicular, wherein the fastening means comprise: a rail (3) that can be connected to the prop (2), a T-shaped or L-shaped or U-shaped connecting flange (4) with at least one connector (8) for a support (5), and a rocker bearing (6) that allows the connection between the rail (3) and the connecting flange (4) to be established. 2. The device according to claim 1, wherein the rocker bearing (6) has an inner ring and an outer ring, and wherein the rail (3) has, in the upper end portion that is remote from the prop (2), a seat for the outer ring of the rocker bearing (6), and wherein the inner ring of the rocker bearing (6) inserted in the seat can be connected to the connecting flange (4). 3. The device according to claim 1, wherein the rocker bearing (6) has an inner ring and an outer ring, and wherein a leg or a web of the connecting flange (4) has a seat for the outer ring of the rocker bearing (6), and the inner ring of the rocker bearing (6) inserted in the seat can be connected to the rail (3). 4. The device according to claim 1, wherein the rocker bearing (6) has an inner ring and an outer ring, and wherein the T-shaped connecting flange (4) is designed as a forked flange with two webs (4.2, 4.3) whose clearance is dimensioned such that each of the webs (4.2, 4.3) reaches, on the face, over the inner ring of the rocker bearing (6) and can be connected to the inner ring. 5. The device according to claim 1, wherein the rocker bearing (6) has an inner ring and an outer ring, and wherein the rocker bearing (6) has a spherically curved sliding pair between the inner ring and the outer ring. 6. The device according to claim 1, wherein the rail (3) is divided into a first sectional rail (3.1) for establishing the connection to the prop (2), and a second sectional rail (3.2) for establishing the connection to the connecting flange (4), and wherein the two sectional rails can be connected to each other. 7. The device according to claim 6, wherein the connection between the sectional rail (3.1) for establishing the connection to the prop (2) and the sectional rail (3.2) for establishing the connection to the connecting flange (4) is provided with at least one degree of freedom during establishing the connection. 8. The device according to claim 1, wherein the rail (3) or the sectional rail (3.1) for establishing the connection to the prop (2) can be vertically adjustably connected to the prop (2). 9. The device according to claim 1, wherein the rail (3) or the sectional rail (3.1) for establishing the connection to the prop (2) is designed as a hollow profile and/or a profile with external longitudinal webs or external longitudinal slots (9) so that it is slidable over and/or into the prop (2) or parts of the prop (2). 10. The device according to claim 6, wherein the sectional rail (3.2) for establishing the connection to the connecting flange (4) can be inserted into the hollow profile of the sectional rail (3.1) for establishing the connection to the prop (2). 11. The device according to claim 1, wherein the connector (8) consists of one or several bore/s in the free web of the L-profile or in the head beam (4.1) of the T-profile of the connecting flange (4) with bolts that can be inserted therein. 12. A solar array comprising solar modules arranged on a device according to claim 1, wherein the props (2) are arranged in double rows, each support (5) runs from north to south, and the supports (5) are connected to each other by continuous transverse supports on which the solar modules are arranged. 13. The device according to claim 1, wherein the rocker bearing (6) has an inner ring and an outer ring, and wherein the T-shaped connecting flange (4) is designed as a forked flange with two webs (4.2, 4.3) whose clearance is dimensioned such that each of the webs (4.2, 4.3) reaches, on the face, over the inner ring of the rocker bearing (6) and can be connected to the inner ring by means of a screw-bolt-joint. 