Provided are easy-to-install rooftop photovoltaic systems. One rooftop photovoltaic system includes a roofing material piece, a photovoltaic module disposed on the roofing material piece and an inverter configured to convert DC from the photovoltaic module into AC. Another rooftop photovoltaic system includes at least one active unit including one or more photovoltaic modules each including photovoltaic cells shaped as shingles to provide a roofing material appearance; and one or more inactive units having the roofing material appearance.
Claims 1. A rooftop photovoltaic system, comprising: at least one active unit comprising one or more photovoltaic modules each comprising photovoltaic cells shaped as shingles to provide a roofing material appearance; and one or more inactive units having the roofing material appearance. 2. The rooftop photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein: each of the one or more photovoltaic modules comprises thin film photovoltaic cells; and each of the one or more photovoltaic modules is a photovoltaic module comprising a first photovoltaic cell and a second photovoltaic cell and a collector-connector configured to collect current from the first photovoltaic cell and to electrically connect the first photovoltaic cell with the second photovoltaic cell. 3. The rooftop photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the one or more of photovoltaic modules are laminated to a membrane back sheet. 4. The rooftop photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein each of the one or more photovoltaic modules comprises an integrated inverter. 5. The rooftop photovoltaic system of claim 1, further comprising a central inverter and an integrated voltage regulator configured to regulate voltage output of each of the one or more modules, wherein the voltage regulator is electrically connected to the central inverter. 6. The rooftop photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the at least one unit comprises a first unit and a second unit factory interconnected to the first unit. 7. The rooftop photovoltaic system of claim 1, further comprising: a monitoring station connected to each of the one or more photovoltaic modules via wireless, wired or optical network; and an AC disconnect. 8. The rooftop photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the one or more inactive units are configured to facilitate attachment of the at least one active unit to a roof. 9. The rooftop photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein when the at least one active unit is installed on a roof, the one or more inactive units are configured to match a shape of the roof together with the at least one active unit. 