Methods and devices are provided for solar panel installation. In one embodiment, a photovoltaic panel system for use with a support grid is provided. The system comprises of a photovoltaic panel with at least one layer comprised of a glass layer; a compression mechanism configured to laterally compress the glass layer in at least a first axis in a plane of the glass layer when the panel is mounted to the support grid. In one embodiment, the glass layer comprises of an un-tempered glass material. In another embodiment, the glass layer comprises of a tempered glass material. Optionally, other substantially transparent material may be used with or in place of the glass.
Claims 1. A method comprising: compression mounting a photovoltaic panel such that at least one rigid or semi-rigid layer of the photovoltaic panel is a constant state of compression in at least a first axis when the photovoltaic panel is mounted for use. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the layer in the constant state of compression comprises of a glass layer. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein the layer comprises of an un-tempered glass material. 4. The method of claim 2 wherein the layer comprises of a tempered glass material. 5-7. (canceled) 8. The method of claim 1 wherein the panel has a total photovoltaic surface area of at least 1.5 m.sup.2. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein the panel has a total photovoltaic surface area of at least 2 m.sup.2. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein compression is applied in an amount sufficient for the panel to withstand a load of at least 2400 pa without breakage that an identical panel without the compression mounting could not withstand. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein compression is applied in an amount sufficient for the panel to withstand a load of at least 4000 pa without breakage that an identical panel without the compression mounting could not withstand. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein compression is applied in an amount sufficient for the panel to withstand a load of at least 5400 pa without breakage that an identical panel without the compression mounting could not withstand. 13-14. (canceled) 15. The method of claim 1 wherein the layer being compressioned is a front-side layer of the panel. 16. The method of claim 1 wherein the layer being compressioned is a back-side layer of the panel. 17. The method of claim 1 wherein at least two layers of the panel are in a constant state of compression when the panel is mounted for use. 18. The method of claim 1 wherein compressing the layer compressions the entire panel in one axis. 19. The method of claim 1 further comprising attaching a mounting bracket directly in contact to the layer to be placed in constant compression. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein the mounting bracket is glued to the layer. 21-25. (canceled) 26. The method of claim 1 further comprising using a mounting bracket that is configured to allow the panel to flex in one axis. 27. The method of claim 1 further comprising attaching a plurality of cables to the panel to provide compression. 28. The method of claim 1 further comprising attaching a separate layer of material to extend across an entire underside of the panel and compressing that separate layer compressions the layer in the panel. 29. The method of claim 1 further comprising attaching a net-like layer of material to extend across an entire underside of the panel and compressing that net-like layer compressions the layer in the panel. 30. The method of claim 1 further comprising attaching a separate layer of material between a topside layer of the panel and an bottom layer of the panel, wherein the separate layer extends across the panel in one axis and compressing that separate layer compressions the layer in the panel. 32-47. (canceled) 