A system and method of mounting photovoltaic panels includes a mounting bracket.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module mounting bracket comprising: a support portion comprising a first end, a second end, an inner surface, and an outer surface; a first flange comprising a mounting region wherein the first flange comprises a non-conductive material; and a second flange opposite to the first flange wherein the second flange is configured to connect to a photovoltaic array mounting framework. 2. The photovoltaic module mounting bracket of claim 1, wherein the mounting region of the first flange comprises a non-conductive material. 3. The photovoltaic module mounting bracket of claim 1, wherein the first flange comprises plastic. 4. The photovoltaic module mounting bracket of claim 2, wherein the mounting region of the first flange comprises plastic. 5. The photovoltaic module mounting bracket of claim 1, wherein the first flange comprises fiberglass extrusion. 6. The photovoltaic module mounting bracket of claim 2, wherein the mounting region of the first flange comprises fiberglass extrusion. 7. The photovoltaic module mounting bracket of claim 1, wherein the first flange comprises cross-linked polyethylene. 8. The photovoltaic module mounting bracket of claim 2, wherein the mounting region of the first flange comprises cross-linked polyethylene. 9. The photovoltaic module mounting bracket of claim 1, wherein the second flange comprises an opening configured to join the mounting bracket to a photovoltaic mounting framework using a hardware connector. 10. A photovoltaic array comprising: a photovoltaic mounting framework; a photovoltaic module having a first surface and a second surface; a mounting bracket comprising: a support portion comprising a first end, a second end, an inner surface, and an outer surface; a first flange comprising a mounting region contacting the first surface of photovoltaic module; and a second flange opposite to the first flange wherein the second flange connects to the mounting framework. 11. The photovoltaic array of claim 10, wherein the photovoltaic mounting framework comprises a rail formed with two or more tracks, wherein each track comprises a member sized to accommodate a hardware connector. 12. The photovoltaic array of claim 10, wherein the first flange comprises a non-conductive material. 13. The photovoltaic array of claim 10, wherein the mounting region of the first flange comprises a non-conductive material. 14. A method of installing a photovoltaic module comprising the steps of: mounting an edge of a photovoltaic module having a first surface to a mounting bracket wherein the mounting bracket comprises: a support portion comprising a first end, a second end, an inner surface, and an outer surface; a first flange comprising a mounting region contacting the first surface of photovoltaic module; and a second flange opposite to the first flange; and contacting the mounting region of the first flange to the first surface of the photovoltaic module. 15. The method of claim 14 further comprising fixing the framed photovoltaic module onto a track of a photovoltaic mounting framework, wherein the photovoltaic mounting framework comprises: a rail formed with two or more tracks wherein each track comprises a member sized to accommodate a hardware connector, wherein the hardware connector is used to connect the second flange of the mounting bracket and the track of the mounting framework. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the first flange comprises a non-conductive material. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein the mounting region of the first flange comprises a non-conductive material. 18. A photovoltaic array comprising: a photovoltaic mounting framework; a photovoltaic module having a first surface and a second surface; a mounting bracket comprising: a support portion comprising a first end, a second end, an inner surface, and an outer surface; a first flange comprising a mounting region contacting the first surface of photovoltaic module; a second flange opposite to the first flange; an outward facing top extension projecting from and being perpendicular to the outer surface of the supporting portion of the mounting bracket; and an outward facing bottom extension, wherein the outward facing top extension and the outward facing bottom extension define an opening sized to accommodate a support structure. 19. The photovoltaic array of claim 18, wherein the photovoltaic mounting framework comprises a rail formed with two or more tracks, wherein the tracks are elongated to the longitudinal axis of the rail; 20. The photovoltaic array of claim 18, wherein the first flange comprises a non-conductive material. 21. The photovoltaic array of claim 18, wherein the mounting region of the first flange comprises a non-conductive material. 22. A method of installing a photovoltaic module comprising the steps of: inserting an edge of a photovoltaic module having a first surface into a mounting bracket wherein said mounting bracket comprises: a support portion comprising a first end, a second end, an inner surface, and an outer surface; a first flange comprising a mounting region contacting the first surface of photovoltaic module; a second flange opposite to the first flange; an outward facing top extension projecting from and being perpendicular to the outer surface of the supporting portion of the mounting bracket; and an outward facing bottom extension, wherein the outward facing top extension and the outward facing bottom extension define an opening sized to accommodate a support structure. contacting the mounting region of the first flange to the portion of the first surface of the photovoltaic module. 23. The method of claim 22 further comprising sliding the framed photovoltaic module onto a track of a photovoltaic mounting framework, wherein the photovoltaic mounting framework comprises: a rail formed with two or more tracks wherein the tracks are elongated to the longitudinal axis of the rail, wherein the track is accommodated by the opening defined by the outward facing top extension and the outward facing bottom extension of the mounting bracket. 24. The method of claim 22, wherein the first flange comprises a non-conductive material. 25. The method of claim 22, wherein the mounting region of the first flange comprises a non-conductive material. 