A power generating system includes a series of interconnected photovoltaic plank units, each made of multiple PV panels secured to a building structure spandrel area. The PV planks are adapted to be readily mounted to reduce installation time and cost. Electrical power can be more advantageously generated from surface areas of building structures such as commercial garages, overpasses and similar concrete facades previously untapped for solar energy harvesting.
Claims 1. A power generating system adapted to be mounted on a building structure comprising: an array of one or more interconnected unitized photovoltaic (PV) plank units, each of such unitized PV planks including: a rigid frame member; a plurality of individual PV modules integrated and interconnected within said frame member; wherein said rigid frame member borders and encloses at least an edge and back portion of said individual PV modules to define a wiring conduit; a mounting mechanism adapted to secure said rigid frame member to a surface of a building structure; wherein the unitized PV planks can be mounted on a vertical surface of said building structure. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said array is a single row of multiple interconnected PV plank units. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein a first side of said mounting mechanism interlocks with said PV planks, and a second opposing side is bolted to said building structure. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein said structure is one of a multi-story garage, a highway overpass, a train overpass, or a bridge. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein each of individual PV modules includes an integrated power controller to regulate an output of such module and counter effects of shading. 6. The system of claim 1 further including a track cover and a sealer adapted to seal an interior cavity formed between said PV plank and said mounting mechanism. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein a power output of the PV plank units is routed to a grid and/or to a charging station within said building structure. 8. A photovoltaic (PV) plank unit adapted for use in a vertical portion of a building structure and comprising: a rigid frame member; said rigid frame member having a plank shape and enclosing a plurality of individual PV modules; said rigid frame member and plurality of individual PV modules being arranged to define an integrated enclosed raceway portion for carrying electrical wiring for said plurality of individual PV modules; wherein the unitized PV plank is adapted to be hung on rails of a building mounting structure. 9. The photovoltaic plank unit of claim 8 wherein said rigid frame member is made of aluminum. 10. The photovoltaic plank unit of claim 8 wherein said PV modules include an integrated controller for controlling a power output. 11. The photovoltaic plank unit of claim 8 wherein said integrated controller is mounted directly on a PV panel for said individual PV modules. 12. A unitized photovoltaic (PV) plank unit adapted for use in a vertical portion of a building structure and comprising: a rigid frame member defining an enclosure for a plurality of individual contiguously mounted PV modules; the rigid frame member further having a front surface with an edge portion which retains said plurality of individual contiguously mounted PV modules; the rigid frame member further having a back surface which encloses said plurality of individual PV modules and defines a sealed integrated raceway portion for carrying electrical wiring for said plurality of individual PV modules; at least one electrical control module mounted on said plurality of individual PV modules for controlling a power output of the PV plank unit; an electrical cable coupled to said electrical control module and said plurality of individual PV modules, which cable is adapted to carry both a power output and control lines for such modules; said back surface of said rigid frame member including a top rail and a bottom rail adapted to be hung on sills of a building mounting structure. 13. The unitized photovoltaic (PV) plank unit of claim 12 wherein said top rail and said bottom rail include an interlocking mechanism for mating with said sills. 14. The unitized photovoltaic (PV) plank unit of claim 12 wherein said rigid frame member is substantially waterproof. 15. The unitized photovoltaic (PV) plank unit of claim 12 wherein a body of said rigid frame member includes an opening for communicating said electrical cable to a second PV plank unit. 16. The unitized photovoltaic (PV) plank unit of claim 12 wherein at least four (4) separate individual PV panels are mounted within said frame member. 17. The unitized photovoltaic (PV) plank unit of claim 12 wherein the plank unit is self-contained such that it can be mounted to a mounting mechanism on a building structure and operated without further electrical components. 18. The unitized photovoltaic (PV) plank unit of claim 12 wherein the plank unit interlocks with a mounting mechanism on a building structure to define a substantially sealed conduit. 19. The unitized photovoltaic (PV) plank unit of claim 12 wherein said rigid frame member and said sills are made of a recycled metallic material. 20. The unitized photovoltaic (PV) plank unit of claim 12 further including a rail cover adapted to cover said top rail. 