According to various embodiments of the invention, systems and methods for attaching a solar panel to a roof are provided. A solar panel generally comprises a solar cell and a frame enclosing the solar cell. The frame may be configured to interface with a conventional roof shingle in an overlapping fashion. In some embodiments, the frame includes an integrated rain-rail configured to provide a conduit for rainwater and mate with a rain-rail on another solar panel providing a mechanical interconnection between the panels. The solar cell may also include a tack-down strip configured to connect the solar panel to a roof. This tack-down strip may be configured to overlap a shingle on a roof.
Claims 1. A low profile solar panel comprising: a solar laminate; and a frame supporting the solar laminate, the frame configured to interface with a conventional shingle in an overlapping fashion. 2. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the solar panels are less than 0.65'' thick. 3. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the frame further includes: an integrated rain-rail configured to provide a conduit for rainwater and mate with a rain-rail on another solar panel providing a mechanical interconnection between the panels; and a tack-down strip configured to connect the solar panel to a roof, wherein the tack-down strip is configured to overlap a shingle on a roof. 4. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the frame is configured to be attached to a roof using nails, screws, or foam. 5. The solar panel of claim 1, further comprising a jumper configured to couple the solar panel to another solar panel and wherein the jumper is configured to selectively attach the solar panels to each other in one of two configurations comprising a series configuration and a parallel configuration. 6. The solar panel of claim 1, further comprising multiple overlapping solar panels. 7. The solar panel of claim 6, wherein the solar cells are configured in a lamination. 8. The solar panel of claim 6, wherein the solar cells are provided in a sealed assembly. 9. The solar panel of claim 6, wherein a plurality of the solar cells are in a series configuration using a configurable connector. 10. The solar panel of claim 6, wherein a plurality of the solar cells are in a parallel configuration using a configurable connector. 11. The solar panel of claim 1, further comprising a wind clip configured to slide under an adjacent solar panel such that the adjacent solar panel holds the solar panel to the roof. 12. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is sealed to prevent moisture from contacting the solar cell. 13. A method of mounting solar panels onto a rooftop comprising: providing a first solar panel including: a solar laminate; and a frame supporting the solar laminate that is configured to interface with a conventional shingle in an overlapping fashion, the frame including a tack-down strip configured to connect the solar panel to a roof, wherein the tack-down strip is configured to overlap a conventional shingle on a roof; overlapping a shingle over an upper portion of the first solar panel; securing the first solar panel; and overlapping a second solar panel over an upper portion of the first solar panel. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising an integrated rain-rail configured to provide a conduit for rainwater and mate with a rain-rail on another solar panel providing a mechanical interconnection between the panels. 15. The method of claim 13, further comprising providing a solar panel that is less than 0.65'' thick. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein the frame is configured to be attached to the roof using nails, screws, or foam. 17. The method of claim 13, wherein the solar panel further comprising a jumper configured to couple the solar panel to another solar panel and wherein the jumper is configured to selectively attach the solar panels to each other in one of two configurations comprising a series configuration and a parallel configuration. 18. The method of claim 13, wherein the solar panel comprises multiple solar cells. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the solar cells are configured in a lamination. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein the solar cells are provided in a sealed assembly. 21. The method of claim 13, wherein the solar panel further comprises a wind clip configured to slide under an adjacent solar panel such that the adjacent solar panel holds the solar panel to the roof. 22. A building comprising: a roof assembly including shingles; and a low profile solar panel including: a solar laminate; and a frame supporting the solar laminate, the frame configured to interface with a conventional shingle in an overlapping fashion. 23. The building of claim 22, the frame including an integrated rain-rail configured to provide a conduit for rainwater and mate with a rain-rail on another solar panel providing a mechanical interconnection between the panels; and a tack-down strip configured to connect the solar panel to a root wherein the tack-down strip is configured to overlap a shingle on a roof. 24. The building of claim 22, further comprising multiple solar cells. 25. The building of claim 22, wherein the solar cells are provided in a lamination. 