A unitized curtain wall unit is adapted to incorporate power generating elements within an exterior shell or facade of a building structure. The units can also be adapted to house other power generating system components--including control units and associated power/signal wiring.
Claims 1. A unitized curtain wall unit with glazing material adapted for use in a vertical portion of an exterior shell of a building structure and comprising: a rigid frame member; said rigid frame member being adapted to mount an energy conversion device within the glazing material; said rigid frame member further including an integrated raceway portion adapted to couple electrical wiring for a control module to be paired with said energy conversion device. 2. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein said rigid frame member is made of aluminum. 3. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 including a pocket portion within said rigid frame member adapted to receive an edge connection and electrical wiring for said energy conversion device. 4. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein said rigid frame member includes a first pair of horizontal framing members and a second pair of vertical framing members; said horizontal framing members defining first conduits for electrical wiring; and said vertical framing members defining second conduits for electrical wiring. 5. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein said integrated raceway portion is adapted to house said control module within said module. 6. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein said rigid frame member is sealed against environmental and weather intrusions including air and water. 7. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein the unit is Underwriter Laboratories (UL) rated. 8. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein the unit is compliant with applicable local regulatory requirements associated with power generation systems. 9. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein said module is adapted for a corner region of said building structure. 10. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein said energy conversion devices are photovoltaic devices. 11. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1, wherein said module includes vision and spandrel areas; and said at least one of said vision areas can be configured to include at least one energy conversion device; and and at least one of said spandrel areas can be configured to include at least one energy conversion device. 12. A unitized curtain wall unit with glazing material adapted for use in a vertical portion of an exterior shell of a building structure and comprising: a rigid frame member; said rigid frame member being adapted to mount a photovoltaic energy conversion module within the glazing material; said rigid frame member having a pocket portion adapted to receive an electrical connection and wiring for said photovoltaic energy conversion module; said rigid frame member further including horizontal framing members defining first conduits for carrying electrical wiring associated with said photovoltaic energy conversion module and vertical framing members defining mullions adapted as second conduits for said electrical wiring; wherein said unitized curtain wall unit is configured to be physically interconnected to an adjacent unitized curtain wall unit within the exterior shell. 13. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 12 wherein said rigid frame member is adapted to house a control module for said photovoltaic energy conversion module. 14. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 13 wherein the unit includes an integrated wireway and/or raceway adapted to house said control module. 15. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 13 wherein said control module can be mounted on said glazing material. 16. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 12 wherein said rigid frame member is adapted to mount different types of photovoltaic energy conversion modules. 17. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 12, wherein said unit includes vision and spandrel areas; and said at least one of said vision areas can be configured to include at least one photovoltaic energy conversion module; and and at least one of said spandrel areas can be configured to include at least one photovoltaic energy conversion module. 18. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 17 further including an additional glass pane in said spandrel areas. 19. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 12 further including intermediate horizontal members adapted to support the glazing material. 20. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 12 wherein the unit can be interconnected in a grid of additional unitized curtain wall units to form a power generating system within the building shell. 21. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 12 further including a grounding element adapted to ground the unit to a building structure or other ground path. 22. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 12 further including isolation elements adapted to isolate said photovoltaic energy conversion module from said rigid frame members. 23. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 12 wherein said isolation elements are partially flexible seals and/or gaskets. 24. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 12 wherein any holes present in said rigid frame members are adapted with grommets to be UL compliant. 25. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 12 wherein said unit is not configured to provide structural support for the building structure. 26. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 12 wherein said unit is prefabricated to a width of approximately 4 feet to 8 feet wide and 10 feet to 15 feet long. 27. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 12 further including support brackets for mounting said unit to the building structure. 28. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 27 wherein said building structure is one of a commercial structure, a residential structure, a parking structure, a hospital, an airport terminal, a train station terminal and/or a sea port terminal. 29. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 12 wherein said electrical wiring is integrated and preassembled within said unit. 30. A unitized curtain wall unit with glazing material adapted for use in a vertical portion of an exterior shell of a building structure and comprising: a metallic frame member; said metallic frame member being adapted to mount a photovoltaic energy conversion module within the glazing material; a wireway attached to a back portion of said metallic frame member; wherein said wireway is adapted to carry both signal and power cables for said photovoltaic energy conversion module; said metallic frame member further including: i) a pair of first horizontal framing members defining stack joints adapted as first conduits for carrying electrical wiring; and ii) a pair of vertical framing members defining mullions adapted as second conduits for said electrical wiring; wherein wiring can be routed in at least two different pathways and directions within said metallic frame member; iii) a pocket portion adapted to receive an edge connector and wiring for said photovoltaic energy conversion module; iv) one or more wire routing holes for routing said wiring between said photovoltaic energy conversion module and said wireway; v) isolation elements adapted to isolate said photovoltaic energy conversion module from said rigid frame members. wherein said unitized curtain wall unit is configured to be physically interconnected to one or more adjacent unitized curtain wall units within the exterior shell to form a continuous multi-story facade for the building structure. 