A system and method for detecting a defect in a solar cell and repairing and characterizing a solar cell includes applying a test signal to the solar cell, monitoring the response of solar cell, detecting a defect associated with its location during the monitoring step, removing or isolating the defect from a solar cell and characterizing solar cell performance. The defect may be a short between the emitter and the base of solar cell. The system and method also detect a precise location of the defect based on the use of light valve panel (LVP), which can control the input beam to or output beam from the solar cell in terms of size, position, gray level, and wavelength of the transmitted light. The LVP may be realized in any one of a variety of ways. For example, the active matrix liquid crystal display (AMLCD) such as Thin Film Transistor driven LCD (TFT-LCD) may be used as the LVP.
Claims 1. A method for measuring the photocurrent of a solar cell, comprising: applying light to a solar cell surface through a light valve panel which controls in a matrix format the transmittance of the light from an optical signal source; and measuring the photocurrent of the solar cell in response to the controlled light applied through the light valve panel. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the light valve panel is active matrix liquid crystal display panel. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the optical signal source and the light valve panel are realized by TFT-LCD. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the light valve panel controls the light passage in divisions. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein the divisional control of the light valve panel controls the size of light passage. 6. The method of claim 4, wherein the divisional control of the light valve panel controls the position of light passage. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the light valve panel controls the light passage by intensity. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the light valve panel controls the light passage by color. 9. The method of claim 1 further comprising, wherein detecting presence of a defect in the solar cell is performed by finding abnormal characteristic such as abnormally low photocurrent in response to the light controlled by the light valve panel. 10. The method of claim 1 further comprising, wherein characterizing the light-to-current conversion performance of solar cell is performed by correlating the measured characteristic such as photocurrent with the light controlled by the light valve panel. 11. The method of claim 1 further comprising, wherein finding the location of the defect in the solar cell is performed by correlating the measured abnormal characteristic such as abnormally low photocurrent with the light controlled by the light valve panel in terms of the position and the size of light passage. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the defect is a short between the emitter and the base of solar cell. 13. A system for measuring the photocurrent of a solar cell, comprising: a signal generator which applies an optical signal toward a solar cell surface; a light valve panel which controls in a matrix format the transmittance of the optical signal to the solar cell surface; and a monitor which monitors the photocurrent of the solar cell generated in response to the controlled optical signal applied through the light valve panel. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the light valve panel is active matrix liquid crystal display panel. 15. The system of claim 13, wherein the optical signal generator and the light valve panel are realized by TFT-LCD. 16. The system of claim 13, wherein the light valve panel controls the light passage in divisions. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the divisional control of the light valve panel controls the size of light passage. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein the divisional control of the light valve panel controls the position of light passage. 19. The system of claim 13, wherein the light valve panel controls the light passage by intensity. 20. The system of claim 13, wherein the light valve panel controls the light passage by color. 21. The system of claim 13 further comprising, wherein detecting presence of a defect in the solar cell is performed by finding abnormal characteristic such as abnormally low photocurrent in response to the optical signal controlled by the light valve panel. 22. The system of claim 13 further comprising, wherein characterizing the light-to-current conversion performance of solar cell is performed by correlating the measured characteristic such as photocurrent with the optical signal controlled by the light valve panel. 23. The system of claim 13 further comprising, wherein finding the location of the defect in the solar cell is performed by correlating the measured abnormal characteristic such as abnormally low photocurrent with the optical signal controlled by the light valve panel in terms of the position and the size of light passage. 24. A means for measuring the photocurrent of a solar cell, comprising: a first means which applies light to a solar cell surface through a light valve panel which controls in a matrix format the transmittance of the light from an optical signal source; and a second means which measures the photocurrent of the solar cell in response to the controlled light applied through the light valve panel. 25. A computer-readable medium for storing a program for measuring the photocurrent of a solar cell, said program comprising: a first code section which controls light to a solar cell surface through a light valve panel which controls in a matrix format the transmittance of the light from an optical signal source; and a second code section which controls measuring the photocurrent of the solar cell in response to the controlled light applied through the light valve panel. 