A method and apparatus for generating AC power. In one embodiment, the apparatus comprises a DC/AC inversion stage capable of generating at least one of a single-phase output power, a two-phase output power, or a three-phase output power; and a conversion control module, coupled to the DC/AC inversion stage, for driving the DC/AC inversion stage to selectively generate the single-phase output power, the two-phase output power, or the three-phase output power based on an input power to the DC/AC inversion stage.
Claims 1. Apparatus for generating AC power, comprising: a DC/AC inversion stage capable of generating at least one of a single-phase output power, a two-phase output power, or a three-phase output power; and a conversion control module, coupled to the DC/AC inversion stage, for driving the DC/AC inversion stage to selectively generate the single-phase output power, the two-phase output power, or the three-phase output power based on an input power to the DC/AC inversion stage. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the conversion control module determines, based on at least one of a random number generation or a serial number, one or more output lines on which to generate the single-phase output power or the two-phase output power. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the conversion control module (i) drives the DC/AC inversion stage to generate the single-phase output power when the input power is less than a first threshold, (ii) drives the DC/AC inversion stage to generate the two-phase output power when the input power is between the first threshold and a second threshold, and (iii) drives the DC/AC inversion stage to generate the three-phase output power when the input power exceeds the second threshold. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the conversion control module drives the DC/AC inversion stage to operate in burst mode when the input power satisfies a burst mode threshold. 5. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the first and the second thresholds are determined based on a maximum admissible voltage ripple across a DC power source. 6. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the burst mode threshold is less than the first threshold. 7. A method for generating AC power, comprising: determining an input power to a DC/AC inversion stage, wherein the DC/AC inversion stage is capable of generating at least one of a single-phase output power, a two-phase output power, or a three-phase output power; and driving the DC/AC inversion stage to selectively generate the single-phase output power, the two-phase output power, or the three-phase output power based on the input power. 8. The method of claim 7, further comprising determining one or more output lines on which to generate the single phase output power or the two-phase output power. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the one or more output lines are determined based on at least one of a random number generation or a serial number. 10. The method of claim 7, wherein driving the DC/AC inversion stage comprises (i) comparing the input power to at least one of a first or a second threshold, (ii) driving the DC/AC inversion stage to generate the single-phase output power when the input power is less than the first threshold, (iii) driving the DC/AC inversion stage to generate the two-phase output power when the input power is between the first and a second threshold, and (iv) driving the DC/AC inversion stage to generate the three-phase output power when the input power exceeds the second threshold. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising: determining whether the input power satisfies a burst mode threshold; and driving the DC/AC inversion stage to operate in burst mode when the input power satisfies the burst mode threshold. 12. The method of claim 10, further comprising determining the first and the second thresholds based on a maximum admissible voltage ripple across a DC power source. 13. The method of claim 11, wherein the burst mode threshold is less than the first threshold. 14. A system for generating AC power, comprising: a branch circuit, comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic (PV) modules; and a plurality of inverters, coupled to the plurality of PV modules in a one-to-one correspondence, wherein each inverter of the plurality of inverters comprises (i) a DC/AC inversion stage capable of generating at least one of a single-phase output power, a two-phase output power, or a three-phase output power, and (ii) a conversion control module, coupled to the DC/AC inversion stage, for driving the DC/AC inversion stage to selectively generate the single-phase output power, the two-phase output power, or the three-phase output power based on an input power to the DC/AC inversion stage. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the conversion control module determines, based on at least one of a random number generation or a serial number, one or more output lines on which to generate the single-phase output power or the two-phase output power. 16. The system of claim 14, further comprising a plurality of phase rotation circuits coupled to the plurality of inverters in a one-to-one correspondence, wherein the phase rotation circuits rotate phases of power from the plurality of inverters among power lines of the branch circuit to produce a substantially balanced three-phase power from the branch circuit. 17. The system of claim 14, wherein the conversion control module (i) drives the DC/AC inversion stage to generate the single-phase output power when the input power is less than a first threshold, (ii) drives the DC/AC inversion stage to generate the two-phase output power when the input power is between the first and a second threshold, and (iii) drives the DC/AC inversion stage to generate the three-phase output power when the input power exceeds the second threshold. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the conversion control module drives the DC/AC inversion stage to operate in burst mode when the input power satisfies a burst mode threshold. 19. The system of claim 17, wherein the first and the second thresholds are determined based on a maximum admissible voltage ripple across a DC power source. 20. The system of claim 18, wherein the burst mode threshold is less than the first threshold. 