A solar panel mounting bracket having a pipe clamp portion defining a channel between spaced legs configured to clamp around a supporting pipe, a flange clamp extending from the pipe clamp portion configured to clamp a flange of a solar panel to the bracket. A solar panel mounting system including a bracket having a pipe clamp portion defining a channel between spaced legs and a flange clamp extending from the pipe clamp portion, a solar panel having a flange on its frame, and a pipe positioned within the channel of the pipe clamp portion.
Claims 1. A solar panel mounting bracket, comprising: a pipe clamp portion defining a channel between spaced legs configured to clamp around a supporting pipe; and a flange clamp extending from the pipe clamp portion configured to clamp a flange of a solar panel to the bracket. 2. The bracket according to claim 1, further comprising a projection extending from the pipe clamp portion defining a cable routing channel. 3. The bracket according to claim 1, wherein the spaced legs of the pipe clamp portion define aligned openings therethrough for receiving a common fastener for urging the legs together. 4. The bracket according to claim 1, wherein the flange clamp comprises slightly spaced legs defining a thin slot therebetween, one of the legs defining an opening therethrough for receiving a fastener for urging a captured flange of a solar panel in the direction of the other leg of the flange clamp. 5. A solar panel mounting bracket, comprising: a pipe clamp portion defining a channel between spaced legs having aligned openings therethrough for receiving a common fastener for urging the spaced legs together; and a flange clamp extending from the pipe clamp portion in a direction away from the channel and defining a thin slot between spaced legs, one of the legs of the flange clamp defining an opening therethrough for receiving a fastener for urging a captured flange of a solar panel in the direction of the other leg of the flange clamp. 6. The bracket according to claim 5, further comprising a projection extending from the pipe clamp in a direction away from the channel and defining a cable routing channel. 7. The bracket according to claim 6, wherein the cable routing channel is cooperatively defined by the projection and the flange clamp. 8. The bracket according to claim 5, wherein a portion of the pipe clamp portion has an arcuate shape to conform to a tubular support member positioned in the channel. 9. The bracket according to claim 5, wherein the flange clamp is laterally offset from a longitudinal axis of the bracket defined through the channel. 10. The bracket according to claim 5, wherein the channel and the slot are longitudinally spaced along the bracket. 11. The bracket according to claim 5, wherein the bracket is unitary. 12. A solar panel mounting system, comprising: a solar panel mounting bracket comprising: a pipe clamp portion defining a channel between spaced legs; and a flange clamp extending from the pipe clamp portion in a direction away from the channel and defining a thin slot between spaced legs, one of the legs of the flange clamp defining an opening therethrough for receiving a fastener for urging a captured flange of a solar panel in the direction of the other leg of the flange clamp; a solar panel comprising a frame having a flange positioned within the slot of the flange clamp; and a pipe positioned within the channel of the pipe clamp portion. 13. The solar panel mounting system according to claim 12, wherein the bracket further comprises at least one projection extending from the pipe clamp in a direction away from the channel and defining a cable routing channel. 14. The solar panel mounting system according to claim 13, wherein the cable routing channel is cooperatively defined by the projection and the flange clamp. 15. The solar panel mounting system according to claim 12, wherein a portion of the pipe clamp portion has an arcuate shape to conform to the pipe positioned in the channel. 16. The solar panel mounting system according to claim 12, wherein the flange clamp is laterally offset from a longitudinal axis of the bracket defined through the channel. 17. The solar panel mounting system according to claim 12, wherein the channel and the slot are longitudinally spaced along the bracket. 18. The solar panel mounting system according to claim 12, wherein the bracket is unitary. 