An energy conversion device is adapted to be housed within a unitized curtain wall unit as part of an exterior shell or facade of a building structure. The device can be a photovoltaic module that includes other power generating system components--including control units and associated power/signal wiring--within the facade.
Claims 1. A unitized curtain wall unit with glazing material adapted for use in a vertical portion of an exterior shell of a building structure and comprising: a rigid frame member; an energy conversion device mounted on a panel bounded by said rigid frame member and integrally incorporated within the unitized curtain wall unit; said rigid frame member further including an integrated raceway portion adapted to couple electrical wiring for a control module to be paired with said energy conversion device. 2. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein said rigid frame member is made of aluminum. 3. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein said rigid frame member includes a pocket portion adapted to receive an electrical connector and electrical wiring for said energy conversion device. 4. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein said rigid frame member includes a first pair of horizontal framing members and a second pair of vertical framing members; said horizontal framing members defining first conduits for electrical wiring; and said vertical framing members defining second conduits for electrical wiring. 5. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein said integrated raceway portion is adapted to house a control module. 6. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein said rigid frame member is sealed against environmental and weather intrusions including air and water. 7. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein the unit is Underwriter Laboratories (UL) rated. 8. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein the unit is compliant with applicable local regulatory requirements associated with power generation systems. 9. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein said module is adapted for a corner region of said building structure. 10. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1 wherein said energy conversion devices are photovoltaic devices. 11. The unitized curtain wall unit of claim 1, wherein said module includes vision and spandrel areas; and said at least one of said vision areas can be configured to include at least one energy conversion device; and and at least one of said spandrel areas can be configured to include at least one energy conversion device. 12. A method of making a unitized curtain wall unit with glazing material adapted for use in a vertical portion of an exterior shell of a building structure and comprising: forming a rigid frame member; mounting an energy conversion device on a panel bounded by said rigid frame member and integrally incorporated within the unitized curtain wall unit; forming an integrated raceway portion on said rigid frame member adapted to couple electrical wiring for a control module to be paired with said energy conversion device. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein said unitized curtain wall unit is interconnectable with other unitized curtain wall units to form an energy generating array building shell without a further safety inspection of said unitized curtain wall unit. 14. The method of claim 12 wherein said energy conversion devices are photovoltaic devices. 15. The method of claim 12, wherein said module includes vision and spandrel areas; and said at least one of said vision areas can be configured to include at least one energy conversion device; and and at least one of said spandrel areas can be configured to include at least one energy conversion device. 16. The method of claim 12 wherein said rigid frame member includes a first pair of horizontal framing members and a second pair of vertical framing members; said horizontal framing members defining first conduits for electrical wiring; and said vertical framing members defining second conduits for electrical wiring. 17. The method of claim 12 wherein said integrated raceway portion is adapted to house a control module. 18. The method of claim 12 wherein said rigid frame member is sealed against environmental and weather intrusions including air and water. 19. The method of claim 12 wherein said module is adapted for a corner region of said building structure. 