Embodiments relate to a solar electrical power generation device, including one or more prefabricated solar photovoltaic power source units each unit including an adapter to electrically connect to other units, a moveable and adjustable frame supporting at least one of the one or more prefabricated solar photovoltaic power source units and an electrical storage device being capable of storing electrical power generated from the one or more power source units. The frame is moveable from between sites and within a site and adjustable to increase or decrease a unit angle in relation to the sun and wherein the device being capable of connecting to a utility grid or serving as a stand-alone electrical power system.
Claims 1. A solar electrical power generation device, comprising: one or more prefabricated solar photovoltaic power source units, each unit including an adapter to electrically connect to other units; and a moveable and adjustable frame, supporting at least one of the one or more prefabricated solar photovoltaic power source units; wherein the frame is moveable from between sites and within a site and adjustable to increase or decrease a unit angle in relation to the sun and wherein the device being capable of connecting to a utility grid or serving as a stand-alone electrical power system. 2. The solar electrical power generation unit of claim 1, further comprising a snow removal device. 3. The solar electrical power generation unit of claim 1, further comprising an inverter. 4. The solar electrical power generation unit of claim 1, further comprising one or more controllers. 5. The solar electrical power generation unit of claim 1, wherein the adapter comprises a quick coupling adapter. 6. The solar electrical power generation unit of claim 1, wherein the device is capable of generating electrical power along with auxiliary power generation to simulate a grid connection. 7. The solar electrical power generation unit of claim 1, further comprising an electrical storage device being capable of storing electrical power generated from the one or more power source units. 8. A solar power module system, comprising: two or more solar power modules; each module including: a prefabricated solar photovoltaic power source unit; an electrical adapter; and one or more controllers; wherein each module being capable of independently generating solar electrical energy and distributing the energy to a utility grid or as a stand-alone system. 9. The solar power module system of claim 8, wherein the electrical adapter comprises a quick coupled adapter. 10. The solar power module system of claim 9, wherein the electrical adapter includes an inverter that is coupled to the quick coupled adapter. 11. The solar power module system of claim 9, wherein the inverter outputs an electrical signal that simulates a grid connection. 12. The solar power module system of claim 8, further comprising a frame, supporting at least one unit. 13. The solar power module system of claim 8, further comprising a snow removal device. 14. A method for generating solar electrical power, comprising: selecting one or more prefabricated solar photovoltaic power source units; positioning the one or more prefabricated solar photovoltaic power source units on a moveable and adjustable frame, wherein positioning includes adjusting a tilt angle of a photovoltaic panel on the prefabricated solar photovoltaic power source units; electrically connecting the one or more prefabricated solar photovoltaic power source units to one or more of a utility grid, residence, commercial business or electrical storage device; and generating solar electrical energy and distributing the energy to one or more of a utility grid, residence, commercial business or electrical storage device. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein selecting comprises selecting based on one or more of cost, space, existing electrical support system, position relative to the sun and electrical needs of a facility. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein positioning includes mounting or attaching the units to a foundation at an installation site. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein positioning comprises adjusting an angle of the units in relation to the sun. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein electrically connecting comprises electrically connecting through a quick connect adapter that can plug and unplug from a mating adapter. 19. The method of claim 14, wherein electrical storage device comprises a capacitor or fuel cell or battery operated storage device. 20. The method of claim 14, further comprising transporting the frame with the power source unit mounted thereon to an installation site. 