An integrated module frame and racking system for a solar panel is disclosed. The solar panel comprises a plurality of solar modules and a plurality of splices for coupling the plurality of solar modules together. The plurality of splices provide a way to make the connected modules mechanically rigid both during transport to the roof and after mounting for the lifetime of the system, provide wiring connections between modules, provide an electrical grounding path for the modules, provide a way to add modules to the panel, and provide a way to remove or change a defective module. Connector sockets are provided on the sides of the modules to simplify the electrical assembly of modules when the modules are connected together with splices.
Claims 1. A solar module, comprising: a body portion with a frame; a groove on the frame; and a mounting bracket that attaches into the groove and secures the solar module directly to a roof without a rail. 2. A solar module comprising: a body portion with a frame; and a plurality of apertures in the frame, wherein one of the apertures is a groove within and along the frame and at least one of the plurality of apertures is capable of receiving a splice and the groove is capable of being used to secure the solar module to a roof at any location along the frame, wherein the solar module is rigidly coupled to another solar module when a splice is coupled therebetween. 3. A solar module comprising: a body portion with a frame; one or more splices that couple the frame of the body portion to a frame of the body portion of an adjacent solar module, wherein the frame of the body portion and the frame of the body portion of an adjacent solar module are aligned; wherein each splice further comprises a body for coupling the frames of the solar module and the adjacent solar module together and a securing mechanism for mechanically securing the frames of the solar module and the adjacent solar module together; and wherein the securing mechanism further comprises one of a cam type compression device, a press fit barb device, a toothed barb device, a spring clip attachment, a through pin and an expandable section at each end of the splice. 4. A solar module comprising: a body portion with a frame; one or more splices that only couple the frame of the body portion rigidly to a frame of the body portion of an adjacent solar module; wherein each splice further comprises a body for coupling the frames of the solar module and the adjacent solar module together and a securing mechanism removably attached to the body for mechanically securing the frames of the solar module and the adjacent solar module together. 5. The solar module of claim 4, wherein the securing mechanism further comprises one of a screw, a cam type compression device, a press fit barb device, a toothed barb device, a spring clip attachment, a through pin and an expandable section at each end of the splice. 6. The solar module of claim 4 further comprising a coupling mechanism for coupling the frames of the solar module and the adjacent solar module together, the coupling mechanism further comprises one of a screw, a cam type compression device, a press fit barb device, a toothed barb device, a spring clip attachment, a through pin and an expandable section at each end of the splice. 7. A solar module comprising: a body portion with a frame; one or more splices that only couple the frame of the body portion rigidly to a frame of the body portion of an adjacent solar module; wherein each splice further comprises a body for coupling the frames of the solar module and the adjacent solar module together, said splice coupling the frames on an external surface of the frames. 8. The solar module of claim 7 further comprising a coupling mechanism for coupling the frames of the solar module and the adjacent solar module together, the coupling mechanism further comprises one of a screw, a cam type compression device, a press fit barb device, a toothed barb device, a spring clip attachment, a through pin and an expandable section at each end of the splice. 9. A solar module comprising: a body portion with a frame; one or more splices that couple the frame of the body portion to a frame of the body portion of an adjacent solar module; wherein each splice further comprises a body for coupling the frames of the solar module and the adjacent solar module together; and a screw that screws into the splice that secures the splice to the frame. 10. A solar module, comprising: a body portion with a frame; a groove on the frame; and a mounting bracket that attaches into the groove and secures the solar module to a roof without a supporting structure. 