The system of the present invention comprises a fully integrated and self-contained alternating current ("AC") photovoltaic ("PV") solar panel device, which features an integral micro-inverter having a compression connector fitting for electrically connecting to the utility grid. The compression connector fitting includes an upper and lower housing, which each include a cavity portion for receiving the main electrical conductor wire. The connector fitting further includes three electrical prong devices, which are designed to penetrate the insulation of the main electrical conductor wire, upon compression onto the main electrical conductor wire. Each micro-inverter converts DC power generated by its respective solar panel to grid-compliant AC power.
Claims 1. A system for generating alternating current comprising: a plurality of solar panels electrically connected to a main electrical conductor line, each of said plurality of solar panels comprise a photovoltaic surface electrically connected to a micro-inverter attached to said panel, wherein said micro-inverter includes a compression connector fitting for electrically connecting said micro-inverter to said main electrical conductor line. 2. The system of claim 1, said compression connector fitting includes an upper and a lower portion for capturing said main electrical conductor line therebetween and three prongs for electrically connecting said micro-inverter to said main electrical conductor line. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein said compression connector fitting is electrically connected to the main electrical conductor line by means of crimping said fitting onto said main electrical conductor line. 4. The device of claim 2, wherein said compression connector fitting is electrically connected to the main electrical conductor line by means of snapping together the upper and lower portions of said compression connector fitting. 5. The device of claim 2, wherein said compression connector fitting is electrically connected to the main electrical conductor line by compressing the upper and lower portions of said compression connector fitting over said main electrical conductor line by means of a mechanical fastener device. 6. The device of claim 5, wherein said mechanical fastener device is a helical screw. 