The invention relates to a solar tracking device for panels. The device includes a modular structure in which each module is formed by a plurality of pairs of coplanar panels (1) which are fixed to the ends of respective shafts (2) arranged at right angles to a longitudinal pivoting shaft (4) mounted on suitable supports secured to the ground. The pivoting shafts (4) of the modules (8) rotate simultaneously, each including a first radial arm (9) connected to a first common connecting rod (10). In turn, the coupling shafts (2) of each pair of panels (1) of a single module rotate simultaneously, each including respective second parallel radial arms (16), the free ends of which are hingeably connected to a second common connecting rod (15). One of the pivoting shafts (4) is rotated by means of a first linear actuator (11) which is secured to the ground and to a mounting box (13) for a radial lever (12) thereof. The solar tracking device is completed by means of a second actuator (20) which connects the mounting box (13) to one of the second radial arms (16).
Claims 1. SOLAR TRACKING DEVICE FOR PANELS, of the type including a modular structure defined by modules formed by a plurality of pairs of panels coplanarly arranged and fixed to a single shaft, and these shafts being parallel to each other and perpendicular to a pivoting shaft moved by using a first actuator connected to a first radial arm of said pivoting shaft, the pivoting shafts of all modules being arranged parallel to each other, and their respective first radial arms being hingeably connected to a first common connecting rod for simultaneously pivoting by said first actuator; the shafts of each pair of panels in a same module being capable of rotating and pivoting simultaneously, by having these two separate second parallel radial arms, the free ends of which are hingeably connected to a second common connecting rod, and the second connecting rods of all modules being assisted by a second actuator for its simultaneous movement, characterized in that the first actuator (11) is of linear type, and couples a fixed point to an eccentric point of a mounting box (13) coupled in rotation with one of the pivoting shafts (4) materialized by the free end of a lever arm (12) through which all pivoting shafts (4) rotate simultaneously, and the second actuator (20) connects said mounting box (13) to one of the second radial arms (16) of one of the modules whereby all coupling shafts (2) rotate at the same time, said coupling shafts (2) being connected to this pivoting shaft and those of all modules through a coupling element (18) of all second connecting rods (15). 2. SOLAR TRACKING DEVICE FOR PANELS, according to claim 1, characterized in that the second radial arms (16) for pivoting of the coupling shafts (2) of the pairs of panels (1) have a "Y" shape, the branches of which are solidly coupled to symmetrical points of said coupling shaft (2), and the core does it hingeably to the second connecting rod (15). 3. SOLAR TRACKING DEVICE FOR PANELS, according to claim 1, characterized in that the coupling shafts (2) of each pair of panels (1) coplanar of each module, pass through and may rotate in bushings (3) jointly connected to the corresponding pivoting shaft (4). 4. SOLAR TRACKING DEVICE FOR PANELS, according to claim 1, characterized in that the second connecting rods (15), parallel and coplanar to each other, are jointly connected to a coupling element (18) perpendicular thereto. 5. SOLAR TRACKING DEVICE FOR PANELS, according to claim 4, characterized in that the coupling element (18) of the second connecting rods (15) moves parallel to itself and is materialized by a lattice of horizontal profiles and transverse members, said second connecting rods (15) being passed through by bushings jointly connected to said lattice with the possibility of rotation without axial displacement. 6. SOLAR TRACKING DEVICE FOR PANELS, according to claim 2, characterized in that the coupling shafts (2) of each pair of panels (1) coplanar of each module, pass through and may rotate in bushings (3) jointly connected to the corresponding pivoting shaft (4). 