A mounting foot for solar modules is disclosed. The mounting foot includes a base body having at least one stand space with which the mounting foot can be supported on a substrate, an upper support connected to the base body for a first inclined modular panel and a lower support connected to the base body for a second inclined modular panel not coplanar with the first modular panel. The upper support is at a greater distance from a plane spanned by the stand space than is the lower support. Also disclosed is a mounting system having a plurality of such mounting feet and a mounting method.
Claims 1. A mounting foot for solar modules, comprising a base body having a stand space; an upper support connected to the base body; and a lower support connected to the base body; wherein the upper support is at a greater distance than the lower support from a plane spanned by the stand space. 2. The mounting foot according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the upper support and the lower support is arranged on a free end of a leg protruding upward from the base body. 3. The mounting foot according to claim 2, wherein the leg forms an acute angle with the stand space. 4. The mounting foot according to claim 2, wherein the leg has a bearing section. 5. The mounting foot according to claim 2, wherein the leg has a first bearing section and a second bearing section and wherein the first and second bearing sections are disposed on opposite sides of the leg in a transverse direction. 6. The mounting foot according to claim 1, wherein the lower support is a fork bearing. 7. The mounting foot according to claim 1, further comprising a longitudinal connecting strut and wherein the longitudinal connecting strut is receivable within a fastening section of the base body. 8. The mounting foot according to claim 1, wherein the base body has a first base body section with a first leg having the upper support, a second base body section with a second leg having the lower support, and a connecting web extending between the first base body section and the second base body section such that the stand space is interrupted in an area of the connecting web. 9. The mounting foot according to claim 1, wherein the mounting foot is a one-piece aluminum part. 10. A mounting system for solar modules, comprising: a plurality of mounting feet, wherein each of the plurality of mounting feet comprises: a base body having a stand space; an upper support connected to the base body; and a lower support connected to the base body; wherein the upper support is at a greater distance than the lower support from a plane spanned by the stand space; a longitudinal connecting strut, wherein the longitudinal connecting strut connects two neighboring mounting feet in a longitudinal direction; and/or a transverse connecting strut, wherein the transverse connecting strut connects two neighboring mounting feet in a transverse direction. 11. The mounting system according to claim 10, further comprising a fastening device provided between a one of the two neighboring mounting feet in the longitudinal direction and the longitudinal connecting strut such that the one of the two neighboring mounting feet in the longitudinal direction and the longitudinal connecting strut are lockable in different positions in the longitudinal direction such that a spacing of the two neighboring mounting feet in the longitudinal direction is adjustable. 12. The mounting system according to claim 11, wherein the fastening device includes a locking geometry. 13. The mounting system according to claim 10, further comprising a stop provided between a one of the two neighboring mounting feet in the longitudinal direction and the longitudinal connecting strut such that the stop limits an angle adjusting range of the longitudinal connecting strut. 14. A method of mounting solar modules, comprising the steps of: supporting a mounting foot on a substrate, wherein the mounting foot includes a base body having a stand space; supporting a first solar module in an upper support connected to the base body; and supporting a second solar module in a lower support connected to the base body; wherein the upper support is at a greater distance than the lower support from a plane spanned by the stand space. 15. The method according to claim 14, wherein the first solar module is not co-planar with the second solar module. 16. The method according to claim 14, wherein the first solar module and the second solar module are inclined with respect to the plane spanned by the stand space. 