A socket assembly includes a photovoltaic package having a substrate with a photovoltaic cell and contact pads electrically connected to the photovoltaic cell. A dielectric housing removably receives the photovoltaic package. The dielectric housing holds contacts in mating engagement with the contact pads. A metal shell receives the housing and the photovoltaic package, and the metal shell has a window providing access to the photovoltaic cell.
Claims 1. A socket assembly comprising: photovoltaic package having a substrate with a photovoltaic cell and contact pads electrically connected to the photovoltaic cell; a dielectric housing removably receiving the photovoltaic package, the dielectric housing holding contacts in mating engagement with the contact pads; and a metal shell receiving the housing and the photovoltaic package, the metal shell having a window providing access to the photovoltaic cell. 2. The socket assembly of claim 1, wherein the contacts define a separable interface with the contact pads that allows the contacts to separate from the contact pads. 3. The socket assembly of claim 1, wherein the metal shell includes mounting features for mounting the metal shell, housing and photovoltaic package to a heat sink such that the photovoltaic package is in thermal communication with the heat sink. 4. The socket assembly of claim 1, wherein the metal shell includes tabs extending therefrom, the tabs being configured to engage a heat sink, the tabs dissipating heat from the metal shell to the heat sink. 5. The socket assembly of claim 1, wherein the window is aligned with the photovoltaic cell such that the shell shields the housing and the contact pads from above. 6. The socket assembly of claim 1, wherein the shell includes an upper wall, the upper wall presses against the housing to force the contacts into engagement with the contact pads. 7. The socket assembly of claim 1, wherein the shell includes wire channels receiving wires therein, the wires being terminated to the contacts. 8. The socket assembly of claim 1, wherein the shell includes an upper wall and window walls extending therefrom to define the window, the window walls being angled with respect to the upper wall to the vicinity of the photovoltaic cell. 9. The socket assembly of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic package includes a latch extending therefrom, the latch engaging the housing to hold the photovoltaic package with respect to the housing. 10. The socket assembly of claim 1, wherein the contacts include multiple fingers defining multiple points of contact with the corresponding contact pads. 11. The socket assembly of claim 1, wherein the shell includes an upper shell and a lower shell hingedly coupled together, wherein the housing and the photovoltaic cell are captured between the upper and lower shells. 12. The socket assembly of claim 1, wherein the housing and photovoltaic shell are received in the shell such that a bottom of the substrate is substantially flush with a bottom of the shell for direct attachment of the substrate to a heat sink. 13. A socket assembly for mounting a photovoltaic package to a heat sink, the socket assembly comprising: a dielectric housing configured to hold the photovoltaic package, the dielectric housing holding contacts having mating interfaces, the mating interfaces defining a separable interface being configured for mating engagement with contact pads of the photovoltaic package; and a metal shell receiving the housing, the shell having mounting features for mounting to the heat sink such that the photovoltaic package is in thermal communication with the heat sink. 14. The socket assembly of claim 13, wherein the metal shell includes tabs extending therefrom, the tabs being configured to engage a heat sink, the tabs dissipating heat from the metal shell to the heat sink. 15. The socket assembly of claim 13, wherein the housing includes a chamber configured to receive the photovoltaic package therein, the shell further including a window aligned with an exposed portion of the chamber, the portion of the shell surrounding the window shielding a shielded portion of the chamber from above. 16. The socket assembly of claim 13, wherein the shell includes an upper wall and window walls extending therefrom to define a window configured to expose the photovoltaic cell of the photovoltaic package, the window walls being angled with respect to the upper wall to the vicinity of the photovoltaic cell. 17. A socket assembly comprising: photovoltaic package having a substrate with an upper surface and a lower surface, the photovoltaic package having a photovoltaic cell and contact pads electrically connected to the photovoltaic cell on the upper surface, the lower surface being configured to be in thermal communication with a heat sink; a dielectric housing holding the photovoltaic package, the dielectric housing holding contacts in mating engagement with the contact pads; and a metal shell receiving the housing and the photovoltaic package, the metal shell having mounting features for mounting the metal shell, housing and photovoltaic package to the heat sink such that the photovoltaic package is in thermal communication with the heat sink. 18. The socket assembly of claim 17, wherein the metal shell includes tabs extending therefrom, the tabs being configured to engage the heat sink, the tabs dissipating heat from the metal shell to the heat sink. 19. The socket assembly of claim 17, wherein the housing includes a chamber configured to receive the photovoltaic package therein, the shell further including a window aligned with an exposed portion of the chamber, the portion of the shell surrounding the window shielding a shielded portion of the chamber from above. 20. The socket assembly of claim 17, wherein the shell includes an upper wall, the upper wall presses against the housing to force the contacts into engagement with the contact pads. 