Embodiments of the invention can provide systems, methods, and apparatus for converting direct current (DC) power to alternating current (AC) power. According to one embodiment, a system for converting DC power to AC power can be provided. The system can include a DC power source that provides a first DC power signal to a converter. Coupled to the converter can be a controller for transforming the first DC power signal into a plurality of AC power signals. The controller can also phase shift at least one of the plurality of AC power signals and combine the phase shifted AC power signal with at least one of the other of the plurality of AC power signals to provide a second DC power signal. The controller can also convert the second DC power signal to an AC power signal.
Claims 1. A method for converting direct current (DC) power to alternating current (AC) power, the method comprising: receiving, by a converter, a first DC power signal from at least one DC power source; transforming the first DC power signal into a plurality of AC power signals; shifting at least one of the plurality of AC power signals by a predetermined phase amount relative to at least one of the other of the plurality of AC power signals; combining the at least one phase shifted AC power signal with at least one of the other of the plurality of AC power signals to provide a second DC power signal; and converting the second DC power signal to an AC power signal. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one DC power source comprises at least one of the following: a photovoltaic cell, a fuel cell, or a battery. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein converting the second DC power signal comprises: inputting the second DC power signal to a DC-to-AC-inverter; and converting, by the DC-to-AC inverter, the second DC power signal to an AC power signal. 4. The method of claim 3, further comprising: conditioning the second DC power signal prior to providing the second DC power signal to the DC-to-AC inverter. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein conditioning comprises boosting the second DC power signal from a first DC voltage to a second DC voltage. 6. The method of claim 4, wherein conditioning comprises filtering the second DC power signal with a passive component. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the DC power signal is a DC current from the at least one DC power source. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the plurality of AC power signals comprises a first AC power signal, a second AC power signal, and a third AC power signal, wherein the second AC power signal is shifted by about 120 degrees from the first AC power signal and the third AC power signal is shifted by about 120 degrees from the second AC power signal, and wherein the first AC power signal, the second phase shifted AC power signal, and the third phase shifted power signal are combined to provide the second DC power signal. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the plurality of AC power signals comprises n AC power signals, wherein the nth AC power signal is phase shifted (360/n) degrees; and wherein the n phase shifted AC power signals are combined to provide the second DC power signal. 10. A system for converting direct current (DC) power to alternating current (AC) power, the system comprising: at least one DC power source electrically coupled to a converter and operable to provide a first DC power signal to the converter; at least one controller electrically coupled to the converter and operable to: transform the first DC power signal into a plurality of AC power signals; shift at least one of the plurality of AC power signals by a predetermined phase amount relative to at least one of the other of the plurality of AC power signals; combine the at least one phase shifted AC power signal with at least one of the other of the plurality of AC power signals to provide a second DC power signal; and convert the second DC power signal to an AC power signal. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the at least one DC power source comprises at least one of the following: a photovoltaic cell, a fuel cell, or a battery. 12. The system of claim 10, further comprising: at least one DC-to-AC inverter electrically coupled to the converter, wherein the at least one DC-to-AC inverter is operable to receive the second DC power signal from the converter and convert the second DC power signal into an AC power signal. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the converter is operable to boost the second DC power signal from a first DC voltage to a second DC voltage. 14. The system of claim 12, further comprising a filter electrically coupled to the converter and the DC-to-AC inverter and operable to condition the second DC power signal. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the filter comprises a passive component. 16. The system of claim 10, wherein the converter comprises three parallel input sections and wherein the controller is operable to: transform the first DC power signal into a first AC power signal, a second AC power signal, and a third AC power signal; shift the second AC power signal by about 120 degrees in relation to the first AC power signal and shift the third AC power signal by about 120 degrees in relation to the second AC power signal; and combine the first AC power signal, the second phase shifted AC power signal, and the third phase shifted AC power signal to provide a second DC power signal. 17. The system of claim 10, wherein the converter comprises n parallel input sections, and wherein the controller is operable to: transform the first DC power signal into n AC power signals; shift the nth AC power signal by (360/n) degrees; and combine the n phase shifted AC power signals to provide a second DC power signal. 18. An apparatus for converting direct current (DC) power to alternating current (AC) power, the apparatus comprising: at least one inductor electrically coupled to a converter, wherein the inductor is operable to receive a first DC power signal; at least one switching component electrically coupled to the at least one inductor; and a controller electrically coupled to the at least one switching component and the converter and operable to: transform a first DC power signal into a plurality of AC power signals; shift, via the at least one switching component, at least one of the plurality of AC power signals by a predetermined phase amount relative to at least one of the other of the plurality of AC power signals; combine the phase shifted AC power signal with at least one of the other of the plurality of AC power signals to provide a second DC power signal; and convert the second DC power signal to an AC power signal. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the switching component comprises at least one of the following: an insulated gate bipolar transistor, a MOSFET, a bipolar junction transistor, a thyristor, or a semiconductor switch. 20. The apparatus of claim 18, further comprising at least one component electrically coupled to the converter and operable to condition the second DC power signal, wherein the at least one component comprises at least one of the following: a passive component, a diode, or a rectifier. 