Embodiments of a solar energy generation system are disclosed. The solar energy generation system may be adapted for use with a right of way or may be adapted to at least partially cover buildings or objects. In one embodiment adapted for use with a right of way, the solar energy generation system includes a plurality of support members that extend over at least some of the right of way and are configured to support an array of solar cell modules. The solar cell modules may be elongated units that are disposed substantially parallel to each other and to the local direction of the right of way. The solar cell modules can include one or more photovoltaic panels on an upper surface and can have a lower surface that is aerodynamically shaped to provide a downward aerodynamic force when wind flows past the solar cell module.
Claims 1. A solar energy generation system adapted for use with a right of way, the solar energy generation system comprising: a plurality of support structures disposed along a length of a right of way, each of the plurality of support structures spaced from each other along the length of the right of way, each of the support structures comprising a first riser portion disposed on a first side of the right of way, a second riser portion disposed on a second side of the right of way, and a span portion extending from the first riser portion and the second riser portion above a surface of the right of way; a plurality of solar cell modules disposed substantially parallel to each other along the length of the right of way, each solar cell module at least partially supported above the right of way by at least some of the span portions of the plurality of support structures, each solar cell module comprising one or more photovoltaic panels configured to receive sunlight and generate electricity, each solar cell module having a cross-sectional shape configured to generate an aerodynamic force directed toward the surface of the right of way in the presence of airflow past the solar cell module; and one or more deflectors disposed adjacent at least some of the first riser portions disposed on the first side of the right of way, the one or more deflectors disposed substantially parallel to the length of the right of way, the one or more deflectors configured to at least partially deflect airflow away from the surface of the right of way. 2. The solar energy generation system of claim 1, wherein the right of way comprises a waterway. 3. The solar energy generation system of claim 2, wherein the waterway comprises an aqueduct. 4. The solar energy generation system of claim 1, wherein the right of way comprises a roadway, a railroad right of way, a pipeline right of way, or an electrical transmission right of way. 5. The solar energy generation system of claim 1, wherein a center section of the span portion has a shape that comprises a portion of a curve that is substantially elliptical. 6. The solar energy generation system of claim 1, wherein a lower end of at least one of the first riser portion and the second riser portion is mounted in or on or attached to a foundation footer. 7. The solar energy generation system of claim 6, wherein the foundation footer is formed in undeveloped portion of the surface of the right of way. 8. The solar energy generation system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the first riser portion and the second riser portion is disposed substantially perpendicular to the surface of the roadway. 9. The solar energy generation system of claim 1, wherein at least some of the support structures comprise elongated tubular members. 10. The solar energy generation system of claim 1, wherein each solar cell module comprises a housing, an upper portion of the housing comprising the one or more photovoltaic panels, and a lower portion of the housing comprising a surface having an arcuate shape. 11. The solar energy generation system of claim 10, wherein the lower portion of the housing comprises a perforated region. 12. The solar energy generation system of claim 1, wherein at least one photovoltaic panel of a solar cell module is oriented such that a normal to the photovoltaic panel is substantially perpendicular to the surface of the right of way. 13. The solar energy generation system of claim 1, further comprising one or more deflectors disposed adjacent at least some of the second riser portions disposed on the second side of the right of way. 14. The solar energy generation system of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of some of the one or more deflectors is disposed between adjacent first riser portions. 15. The solar energy generation system of claim 1, wherein at least some of the one or more deflectors comprise a curved surface configured to at least partially deflect airflow toward the span portions. 16. The solar energy generation system of claim 1, wherein the right of way comprises a waterway, and one or more deflectors are configured to inhibit airflow past a surface of water in the waterway, thereby reducing evaporation of water from the waterway. 17. The solar energy generation system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of solar cell modules are disposed to substantially cover at least a portion of the right of way between the first side and the second side. 18. A solar assembly comprising: a first support member having a first portion disposed above a surface; a second support member spaced from the first support member along a first direction, the second support member having a second portion disposed above the surface; and a solar array comprising a plurality of solar cell modules, each solar cell module comprising at least one photovoltaic panel, each solar cell further comprising a first end portion and a second end portion, the first end portion mounted or attached to the first portion of the first support member, the second end portion mounted or attached to the second portion of the second support member, each of the solar cell modules oriented substantially parallel to the first direction, each solar cell module having a cross-sectional shape in a plane perpendicular to the first direction, the cross-sectional shape configured to generate an aerodynamic force directed toward the surface in the presence of an airflow at least partially flowing perpendicular to the first direction. 19. The solar assembly of claim 18, wherein at least one of the first support member and the second support member comprises a central portion having a shape that comprises a portion of a curve that is substantially elliptical. 20. The solar assembly of claim 18, wherein at least one of the first support member and the second support member comprises an arch-shaped central portion. 21. The solar assembly of claim 18, further comprising a deflector oriented substantially parallel to the first direction, the deflector having a deflector surface configured to at least partially deflect an airflow at least partially flowing perpendicular to the first direction away from the surface. 22. The solar assembly of claim 18, wherein the first support member comprises at least one riser configured to at least partially support the first portion of the support member above the surface. 23. A kit of components adapted for assembly of a solar energy generation system, the kit comprising: at least one support structure, the support structure comprising at least one riser and at least one span member, the riser having a first end portion configured for mounting or attachment to a surface and a second end portion configured to at least partially support the span member; at least one elongated solar cell module having a longitudinal axis, the solar cell module having at least one end portion configured to be mounted or attached to a span member, the solar cell module having an upper portion and a lower portion, the upper portion configured to at least partially support at least one photovoltaic panel, the solar cell module having a shape in a plane perpendicular to the longitudinal axis that is configured to generate an aerodynamic force in the presence of air flowing at least partially perpendicular to the longitudinal axis, the aerodynamic force having a component directed away from the upper portion of the solar cell module. 24. The kit of claim 23, further comprising at least one photovoltaic panel. 25. The kit of claim 23, wherein the span member has shape that comprises a portion of a curve that is substantially elliptical. 26. The kit of claim 23, further comprising at least one deflector, the deflector configured to at least partially deflect airflow away from the surface. 