[Object] To provide a solar cell output characteristic evaluation apparatus and a method thereof capable of accurately measuring an open-circuit voltage Voc by applying a forward bias current with a minimum power consumption without requiring a bipolar power supply discharging a large current causing a cost increase. [Organization] A solar cell output characteristic evaluation apparatus measuring output characteristic of a solar cell, including: a solar cell; a voltmeter measuring a voltage of the solar cell; an ammeter measuring a current value flowing in the solar cell; a variable resistor part connected to the solar cell; a forward bias circuit connected to the solar cell; and a reverse bias circuit connected to the solar cell is provided.
Claims 1. A solar cell output characteristic evaluation apparatus measuring output characteristic of a solar cell, comprising: a solar cell; a voltmeter measuring a voltage of the solar cell; an ammeter measuring a current value flowing in the solar cell; a variable resistor part connected to the solar cell; a forward bias circuit connected to the solar cell; and a reverse bias circuit connected to the solar cell. 2. The solar cell output characteristic evaluation apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the variable resistor part is made up of an electronic load control circuit and a load power semiconductor. 3. The solar cell output characteristic evaluation apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the forward bias circuit is made up of a forward bias resistor, a forward bias power supply, and a forward bias parasitic current compensation circuit. 4. The solar cell output characteristic evaluation apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the variable resistor part and the reverse bias circuit are included in a power conversion circuit with reverse bias, and the power conversion circuit with reverse bias is made up of a switching transformer, a backflow preventing, diode, a reverse bias stabilizing capacitor, and a load circuit. 5. A solar cell output characteristic evaluation method connecting a voltmeter, an ammeter, and an electronic load being a variable resistor to a solar cell, and obtaining a current-voltage characteristic of the solar cell by changing the electronic load, comprising: applying a reverse bias voltage in reverse of an output of the solar cell; applying a forward bias voltage to the solar cell; and measuring a short-circuit current and an open-circuit voltage of the solar cell. 6. The solar cell output characteristic evaluation method according to claim 5, wherein a function restricting a maximum output voltage is added to the forward bias power supply in the applying the forward bias voltage. 7. The solar cell output characteristic evaluation method according to claim 6, wherein a high capacity electronic load device using a switching system is used as the variable resistor. 8. The solar cell output characteristic evaluation method according to claim 5, wherein a noise component is removed from an output voltage and an output current obtained from the solar cell and an actual measurement value of a monitor cell by using known characteristic. 