Apparatus and methods are disclosed for reducing or eliminating the need for an intermediate supporting rack in a solar panel installation, which in turn may lower the cost of the installation. In one exemplary embodiment, a mount design is provided that includes a mounting flange attached to or integrally formed with a first side of a solar panel frame. This first side and flange operate together with a second side of the solar panel frame that is designed to engage with the mounting flange and first side of an adjacent solar panel. The geometry of the first and second sides may be such that they engage upon installation. The engagement may further include pins or similar components protruding from one side of one solar panel to fit into corresponding holes in a side of an adjacent panel.
Claims 1. A solar panel system, including a target attachment surface, comprising: a first and a second solar panel, said first and said second solar panels each including; a planar central portion for housing componentry for receiving solar energy; a first side arranged at its proximate end and angled to the planar central portion; a flange extending from said first side and positioned at a distal end of the first side, the flange having holes therein for fastening of said first and second solar panels to said target attachment surface; and a second side arranged at its proximate end and angled to the planar central portion, the second side spaced from the first side, the second side having a distal end for resting on an adjacent solar panel system flange; wherein the first side and flange and second side of said first panel and flange of said second panel cooperate such that the planar central portion of the first solar panel will be planar with the planar central portions of the second solar panel when deployed on the target attachment surface. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the first side and the flange are formed as a unitary structure. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the first side, second side, flange, and planar central portion are formed as a unitary structure. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein said componentry for receiving solar energy includes at least one of concentrators and absorbers. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the first side of each of said panels further includes a hole therethrough and the second side of each of said panels further includes a pin, such that when deployed as adjacent solar panels, the hole of the first side receives the pin of the second side of an adjacent solar panel. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the second side of each of said panels further includes a hole therethrough and the first side of each of said panels further includes a pin, such that when deployed as adjacent solar panels, the hole of said second side receives the pin of the second side of an adjacent solar panel. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein when deployed as adjacent solar panels, the system further includes a transparent cover that extends from the planar central portion of said first solar panel proximate the first side to the planar central portion of said second solar panel proximate the second side, wherein the transparent cover is 5 millimeters or less in thickness. 8. The system of claim 1 further including a sealant, wherein the flange further includes a bottom surface and said sealant resides between said bottom surface and the target attachment surface. 9. A method for attaching adjacent solar panels on a target attachment surface, comprising: providing a first and a second solar panel, said first and said second solar panels each including a planar central portion for housing componentry for receiving solar energy, a first side arranged at its proximate end and angled to the planar central portion, a flange extending from said first side and positioned at a distal end of the first side, the flange having holes therein for fastening of said first and second solar panels to said target attachment surface, and a second side arranged at its proximate end and angled to the planar central portion, the second side spaced from the first side, the second side having a distal end for resting on an adjacent solar panel system flange; placing said first solar panel on said target attachment surface; placing said second solar panel adjacent said first solar panel such that said flange of said second solar panel contacts said target attachment surface and said second side of said second solar panel rests on said flange of said first solar panel; and attaching said first solar panel to said target attachment surface. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein the first side and flange and second side of said first panel and flange of said second panel cooperate such that the planar central portion of the first solar panel will be planar with the planar central portions of the second solar panel when deployed on the target attachment surface. 11. The method of claim 9 wherein said flanges include a hole for mounting said panels to said attachment surface and said method further includes providing a fastener and fastening said solar panels to said attachment surface by installing said fastener through said hole. 12. The method of claim 9 wherein the flange further includes a bottom surface and a sealant is provided between said bottom surface and the target attachment surface. 