A photovoltaic structure is provided. The photovoltaic structure includes a photovoltaic module having a top surface, a bottom surface, and a perimeter. The photovoltaic structure also includes a plurality of flexible tabs attached to the photovoltaic module bottom surface, wherein the plurality of flexible tabs extend beyond the perimeter of the photovoltaic module. A method for mounting a photovoltaic module is also provided.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic structure, comprising: a photovoltaic module having a top surface, a bottom surface, and a perimeter; and a plurality of flexible tabs attached to the photovoltaic module, wherein the plurality of flexible tabs extend beyond the perimeter of the photovoltaic module. 2. The photovoltaic structure of claim 1, wherein the plurality of flexible tabs are attached to a bottom surface of the photovoltaic module by an adhesive and wherein the plurality of flexible tabs are attached to a surface structure. 3. The photovoltaic structure of claim 1, wherein the tabs are of a material which is different than the material of a bottom surface of the photovoltaic module. 4. The photovoltaic structure of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic module is flexible and the plurality of flexible tabs and photovoltaic module are not unitary. 5. The photovoltaic structure of claim 1, wherein the flexible tabs are composed of a reinforced membrane material. 6. The photovoltaic structure of claim 1, further comprising a second photovoltaic module attached to at least one flexible tab of the plurality of flexible tabs. 7. The photovoltaic structure of claim 1, wherein the plurality of flexible tabs are selectively severed from a surface structure over which the photovoltaic module is deployed. 8. The photovoltaic structure of claim 1, wherein the plurality of flexible tabs includes two flexible tabs attached to Y edge portions of the photovoltaic module. 9. The photovoltaic structure of claim 1, wherein the plurality of flexible tabs are separated by a center portion of the photovoltaic module. 10. The photovoltaic structure of claim 1, wherein the plurality of flexible tabs extend beyond only two opposite edges of the PV module perimeter. 11. The photovoltaic structure of claim 2, wherein a space is provided between the bottom surface of the photovoltaic module and the surface structure. 12. The photovoltaic structure of claim 3, wherein the plurality of flexible tabs are attached to a surface structure and wherein the plurality of flexible tabs and the surface structure are composed of the same material. 13. The photovoltaic structure of claim 5, wherein the reinforced membrane material is comprised of one or more of HDPE, EPDM, TPO, Hypalon, or PIB. 14. The photovoltaic structure of claim 8, further comprising at least one flexible tab attached to each of the X edge portions of the photovoltaic module. 15. The photovoltaic structure of claim 8, wherein the two flexible tabs attached to the Y edge portions of the photovoltaic module extend the entire length of the edge portion to which they are attached. 16. A photovoltaic structure, comprising: a photovoltaic module having a top surface, a bottom surface, and edge portions; a plurality of flexible tabs attached to the photovoltaic module, wherein at least two flexible tabs are attached to bottom surface edge portions of the photovoltaic module; and a surface structure attached to the plurality of flexible tabs so that a space is provided between the surface structure and the bottom surface of the photovoltaic module. 17. A method for mounting a photovoltaic module, comprising: providing a photovoltaic module, wherein the photovoltaic module is attached to a plurality of flexible tabs and positioned above a surface structure, and the plurality of flexible tabs are attached to the surface structure; and removing the photovoltaic module from above the surface structure. 18. The method for mounting a photovoltaic module of claim 17, further comprising forming a non-unitary photovoltaic structure by attaching the photovoltaic module to the plurality of flexible tabs with an adhesive. 19. The method for mounting a photovoltaic module of claim 17, further comprising severing the flexible tabs, wherein severing the flexible tabs does not result in damage to the photovoltaic module. 20. The method for mounting a photovoltaic module of claim 18, further comprising providing a space between a bottom surface of the photovoltaic module and the surface structure upon attaching the plurality of flexible tabs to the surface structure. 