The present invention provides a building-integrated solar-panel roof element, such as a photovoltaic (BIPV) roof element, adapted to be fitted with a solar panel and integrated in a pitched roof, as well as such a building-integrated roof element fitted with a photovoltaic or solar thermal panel, and an array of these solar energy roof elements mounted on a pitched roof.
Claims 1. A building-integrated solar-panel roof element adapted to be fitted with a solar panel and integrated in a pitched roof, the roof element comprising an open generally-rectangular moulded polymer frame having a top edge, a bottom edge and two side edges defining therebetween a central rectangular opening, the frame further having an outer face and an inner face, wherein: the side edges of the frame each have an integrally-moulded outside part in the form of a generally U-shaped profile that is open in the direction of the frame's outer face and has at or towards its outside an upstanding longitudinal side wall, the side walls extending along the respective side edge whereby adjacent side-by-side elements can be placed with their adjacent side walls in facing relationship, the top edge and the bottom edge of the frame are so configured that the elements can be placed on a pitched roof with the top edge of one element against the bottom edge of an adjacent element that is placed above and in extension of said one element, with these top and bottom edges overlapping or interengaging with one another, and each roof element is arranged so that when a plurality of the elements each fitted with a solar panel are integrated in a pitched roof with the side walls of adjacent side-by-side elements in facing relationship and with the top and bottom edges respectively of adjacent lower and upper elements overlapping or interengaging with one another, the elements can be mounted on the roof by means of fitting brackets engaging with the side walls of the elements, to form a generally planar solar panel array from which any one of the elements can be dismounted and re-installed without interfering with the in-place mounting of the other elements of the array. 2. The solar-panel roof element of claim 1, wherein the top and bottom edges are arranged such that the bottom edge of an upper element fits in overlapping relationship over the top edge of an adjacent lower element, the bottom and top edges having apertures and/or profiles that form an air passage or passages allowing the upflow of air from under the lower element to under the upper element. 3. The solar-panel roof element of claim 1 or 2, wherein the edges of the frame have an open alveolar structure that opens into the inner face of the frame, this alveolar structure being defined by a plurality of integrally-moulded ribs that extend towards the open inner face of the frame's edges. 4. The solar-panel roof element of claim 1, 2 or 3, wherein the inner periphery of the edges of the frame has an integrally-moulded flared skirt that widens towards the inner face of the frame. 5. The solar-panel roof element of claim 1, 2 or 3, wherein the inner periphery of the edges of the frame has at least one aperture for allowing a passage to wires, cables and/or tubing. 6. The solar-panel roof element of any preceding claim, wherein the bottom of the generally U-shaped profile in each side edge of the frame has a series of angulated steps along its length. 7. The solar-panel roof element of any preceding claim, wherein each side edge of the frame has, on its inner face adjacent to the bottom edge, an integrally-moulded projection for engaging against a roof batten to position the roof element relative to the roof batten. 8. The solar-panel roof element of any preceding claim, in combination with at least one elongated strip-like profile that is/are adapted to engage with top parts of adjacent side walls of adjacent side-by-side elements, when the side walls are in facing relationship, to form a substantially water-tight closure between the adjacent side-by-side elements. 9. The solar-panel roof element of any preceding claim, in combination with brackets adapted to fit between and grip the adjacent side walls of adjacent side-by-side elements, when the side walls are in facing relationship, each bracket having an aperture for receiving an attachment member to attach the bracket to a roof. 10. The solar-panel roof element of any preceding claim, wherein there is an integrally-moulded recessed channel and/or ledge located around the inner periphery of the outer face of the frame, for receiving an edge of a solar panel of corresponding dimensions to fit the solar panel in the frame. 11. The solar-panel roof element of any preceding claim, further comprising a rectangular photovoltaic or solar thermal panel fitted in the frame by adhesive bonding of the edges of the panel to the inner periphery of the outside of the frame. 12. An array of solar-panel roof elements according to claim 11 mounted on a pitched roof with the side walls of adjacent side-by-side elements in facing relationship, and secured to the roof by brackets engaging the adjacent side walls of the adjacent side-by-side roof elements. 13. The array of solar-panel roof elements of claim 12, wherein at least one elongated strip-like profile fits over top parts of the adjacent side walls of adjacent side-by-side elements that are in facing relationship, one or more of said strip-like profiles extending along all elements from top to bottom of the array to form a substantially water-tight closure between the adjacent side-by-side elements, leaving open the U-shaped profiles that form rain drainage channels extending from top to bottom of the array. 14. The array of solar-panel roof elements of claim 12 or 13, wherein the outermost side edges of elements located at the outside of the array are held on the roof by brackets that engage with the outermost side walls and extend under an adjacent roof covering. 15. The array of solar-panel roof elements of claim 14, wherein one or more flashing elements extend from under the roof covering to engage with the outermost side walls, the uppermost top edge(s) and the lowermost bottom edge(s) of the elements. 