A method and apparatus for detecting a fault of a solar panel and an inverter in a solar array includes a monitoring device to detect and to identify a fault of a solar panel and an inverter in a solar array. The method generates a normal operation profile by extracting median values of operation profiles from multiple solar panels in a solar array and then compares an individual operation profile against a normal profile to determine a fault in a solar panel. The method and apparatus can detect a fault in a combination of solar panel and inverter and can identify a fault in an inverter. The method and apparatus can store faulty profiles in a database for particular faults in a solar panel. The method and apparatus can then compare an operation profile from a faulty solar panel with a number of faulty profiles in a database to identify the type of the fault and then generate and report the fault and suggest corrective action.
Claims 1. A method of detecting a fault comprising: accessing an operation profile of a plurality of solar panels of a solar array; generating a normal profile of a solar panel; comparing the operation profile from each of the plurality of panels with the normal profile; and determining whether the normal profile is different than the operation profile to determine the fault. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising determining whether the normal profile is significantly different in power over time from the operation profile and then determining that the fault exists in the solar panel. 3. The method of claim 2, further comprising generating an audible alarm to indicate that the fault is detected for the solar panel. 4. The method of claim 3, further comprising communicating the fault to an external device. 5. The method of claim 4, further comprising communicating the fault to at least one of a display, a remote device, a local entity, a servicer, a manufacturer, a computer, or a server. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising determining whether the normal profile is different from the operation profile in terms of a curve generated by power generated by the solar panel over time; and determining that the fault exists in the solar panel. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising detecting the fault using a monitoring device being disposed between at least one solar panel and a meter. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising generating the normal profile by a median profile; and wherein the median profile is generated from power generated by each solar panel of the plurality of solar panels in the array over time. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising storing the normal profile in a memory. 10. The method of claim 1, further comprising determining whether the normal profile is different than the operation profile to determine the fault by analyzing power generated by the solar panel over time; and determining the fault when a slope of the operation profile over time is different than a slope of the normal profile over time. 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising determining whether the normal profile is different than the operation profile to determine the fault by analyzing power generated by the solar panel over time; and determining the fault when an amplitude of the operation profile is different than an amplitude of the normal profile. 12. The method of claim 1, further comprising detecting an AC panel fault or detecting a DC panel fault. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising indicating a faulty inverter when detecting the DC panel fault. 14. The method of claim 1, further comprising accessing the operation profile of more than two solar panels of the solar array. 15. An apparatus for detecting a fault comprising: a plurality of solar cells forming a solar array; an inverter; a monitoring device being connected to the solar cells, wherein the monitoring device accesses an operation profile of each of the plurality of solar cells of the solar array; the monitoring device generating a normal profile of a solar cell; the monitoring device comparing the operation profile from each of the plurality of panels with the normal profile; and the monitoring device determining whether the normal profile is different than the operation profile to determine the fault. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the monitoring device determines whether the normal profile is significantly different from the operation profile of each solar cell; and wherein the monitoring device determines that the fault exists in the solar cell. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, further comprising an alarm for generating an audible alarm to indicate that the fault is detected for the solar cell. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, further comprising a communication device for communicating the fault to an external device. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the communication device communicates the fault to at least one of a display, a remote device, a local entity, a remote entity, a servicer, a manufacturer, a computer, a wireless transceiver, or a server. 20. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the monitoring device comprises a control circuit, the control circuit determining whether the normal profile is different from the operation profile in terms of a curve generated by power generated by the solar cell over time, wherein the control circuit then determines that the fault exists. 21. The apparatus of claim 15, further comprising a meter, and wherein the monitoring device is disposed between the solar cells and the meter. 22. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the monitoring device generates the normal profile using a median profile, wherein the median profile is generated from power generated by each solar cell of the plurality of solar cells over time. 23. The apparatus of claim 22, further comprising a memory, and wherein the normal profile is stored in the memory. 24. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the monitoring device determines whether the normal profile is different than the operation profile to determine the fault by analyzing power generated by the solar cell over time; and wherein the monitoring device determines the fault when a slope of the operation profile is different than a slope of the normal profile. 25. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the monitoring device determines whether the normal profile is different than the operation profile to determine the fault by analyzing power generated by the solar cell over time; and wherein the monitoring device determines the fault when an amplitude of the operation profile is different than an amplitude of the normal profile. 26. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the monitoring device determines an AC panel fault or a DC panel fault. 27. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein the monitoring device determines that a faulty inverter is present when detecting the DC panel fault. 28. The apparatus of claim 27, wherein the monitoring device accesses the operation profile of more than two solar cells of the solar array. 29. A method of detecting a fault comprising: accessing an operation profile of a plurality of solar panels of a solar array, wherein at least one of the plurality of solar panels generates power over time, and wherein the operation profile of at least one functioning solar panel includes an increasing slope of power over time, a peak, and then a decreasing slope; generating a normal profile of the solar panels of the solar array, and wherein the normal profile outputs power over time, and wherein the normal profile includes an increasing slope of power over time, a peak, and then a decreasing slope; and comparing the operation profile from each of the plurality of panels with the normal profile; and determining whether the normal profile is different than the operation profile to determine the fault. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein the fault is detected by a monitoring device comprising at least one of a controller, a memory, a communication circuit and a bus. 