A solar module having a plurality of solar cells connected in the form of a string, and having externally accessible string connections, the string connections and two earth contacts being developed as plug-in contacts integrated into the solar module in mechanically fixed manner, and the earth contacts being connected via an earth line integrated into the solar module.
Claims 1. A solar module, comprising: a plurality of solar cells interconnected in a form of a string, and being externally accessible via two string connections; wherein the string connections and two earth contacts are plug contacts integrated into the solar module in mechanically fixed manner, and the earth contacts are connected to each other via an earth line integrated into the solar module. 2. The solar module as recited in claim 1, wherein an individual section of the earth lines is formed by a metallic frame part of the solar module. 3. The solar module as recited in claim 2, wherein a bypass line having one externally accessible bypass connection at each of its two ends is integrated into the solar module. 4. The solar module as recited in claim 2, wherein one of the string connections, one of the earth contacts and one of the bypass connections are male plug contacts, and the other one of the string connections, the other one of the earth contacts, and the other one of the bypass connections are female plug contacts. 5. The solar module as recited in claim 3, wherein the earth line and bypass line each include a conductor in the form of one of a band or wire, and the conductor is sheathed in a foil laminate. 6. A photovoltaic array, comprising: a plurality of solar modules which are electrically connected to each other via electrical connections, at least a portion of the electrical connections between the solar modules being formed by plug connections. 7. A photovoltaic array, comprising: a plurality of solar modules which are electrically connected to each other, at least a portion of the electrical connections one of: i) to an inverter of the array or ii) outside of the array, is formed by plug connections. 8. The photovoltaic array as recited in claim 6, further comprising: a first connector piece for electrical connection of a string connection of one of the solar modules of the array to a bypass connection of the same one of the solar modules. 9. The photovoltaic array as recited in claim 6, further comprising: a second connector piece for electrical connection of a string connection and an earth contact of two adjacently situated solar modules of the array. 10. The photovoltaic array as recited in claim 8, wherein the first connector piece is a rigid plastic component having at least one embedded conductor and one connector-terminal, adapted to connections of the one of the solar modules, at the ends of the conductor. 11. The photovoltaic array as recited in claim 9, wherein the second connector piece is a rigid plastic component having at least one embedded conductor and one connector-terminal, adapted to connections of the two adjacently situated solar modules. 12. The photovoltaic array as recited in claim 11, wherein the second connector piece is an elongated current bar for electrical connection and simultaneous support of a plurality of the solar modules of the array. 