The present invention relates to a solar cell array, which includes a flexible, inflatable membrane. Multiple flexible photovoltaic cells are positioned on the top surface of the flexible membrane. The solar cell array also includes a container for the inflatable membrane and a structure for automatically inflating the membrane when at least one predetermined condition is met.
Claims 1. A solar cell array comprising: a flexible, inflatable membrane having a top surface and a bottom surface, wherein a plurality of flexible photovoltaic cells are positioned on the top surface of said flexible membrane; a container for containing said flexible, inflatable membrane; and a structure for automatically inflating said flexible, inflatable membrane when at least one predetermined condition is met. 2. The solar cell array of claim 1, wherein said container comprises a container body and a hinging cover. 3. The solar cell array of claim 2, wherein said container comprises a box. 4. The solar cell array of claim 1, wherein said structure comprises an air pump mounted to said container for generating a flow of air to inflate said flexible, inflatable membrane. 5. The solar cell array of claim 1, wherein said structure comprises at least one sensor for detecting an event. 6. The solar cell array of claim 4, wherein said air pump comprises a two-way mode air pump mounted to said container for automatically inflating said flexible, inflatable membrane when said at least one predetermined condition is met and for automatically deflating said flexible, inflatable membrane when another at least one predetermined condition is met. 7. The solar cell array of claim 4, wherein said structure comprises an air flow controller, and wherein said air flow controller triggers said air pump when the determination that said event meets said at least one predetermined condition is obtained. 8. The solar cell array of claim 1, wherein a flexible member is attached to said bottom surface of said flexible, inflatable membrane, and wherein said flexible member provides means to return said flexible, inflatable membrane to a rolled up configuration. 9. The solar cell array of claim 6, wherein said structure comprises a battery mounted to said container and wherein said battery provides power to said air pump. 10. A method for assembling a solar cell array comprising: providing a flexible, inflatable membrane having a top surface and a bottom surface, wherein a plurality of flexible photovoltaic cells are positioned on the top surface of said flexible membrane; providing a container for containing said flexible, inflatable membrane; and automatically inflating said flexible, inflatable membrane when at least one predetermined condition is met. 11. The method of assembling a solar cell array of claim 10, wherein said container comprises a container body and a hinging cover. 12. The method of assembling a solar cell array of claim 11, wherein said container comprises a box. 13. The method of assembling a solar cell array of claim 10, further comprising mounting an air pump to said container for generating a flow of air to inflate said flexible, inflatable membrane. 14. The method of assembling a solar cell array of claim 10, wherein said structure comprises at least one sensor for detecting an event. 15. The method of assembling a solar cell array of claim 10, further comprising mounting a two-way mode air pump to said container, wherein said air pump causes said flexible, inflatable membrane to automatically inflate when said at least one predetermined condition is met and causes for said flexible, inflatable membrane to automatically deflate when another at least one predetermined condition is met. 16. The method of assembling a solar cell array of claim 13, wherein said structure further comprises an air flow controller, and wherein said air flow controller triggers said air pump when the determination that said event meets said at least one predetermined condition is obtained. 17. The method of assembling a solar cell array of claim 10, wherein a flexible member is attached to said bottom surface of said flexible, inflatable membrane, and wherein said flexible member provides means to return said flexible, inflatable membrane to a rolled up configuration. 18. The method of assembling a solar cell array of claim 15, further comprising attaching a battery to said container, wherein said battery provides power to said air pump. 19. An inflatable photovoltaic collector, comprising: a flexible, inflatable membrane having two thin layers of photosensitive materials deposited thereon, said materials having electrically isolating regions and conductive material contacts; a container for said flexible, inflatable membrane; and a structure for inflating said flexible, inflatable membrane in response to a control condition. 