The present invention is a ballasted solar panel mounting system primarily for mounting solar panels to a roof. The mounting system reduces waste space by positioning the first and/or the last row of bases beneath the panel. This potentially provides room for an additional row of panels and generation of a greater amount of electricity per square foot of area. Additionally, the mounting system uses bases with upwardly extending posts that are integrally connected to the bases that support ballasts. Thus, all assemblies that require attaching one part of the system to another is done at an elevated level to reduce the amount of bending required by the installers. Moreover, the unique system for installing solar panels can be installed without a jig. In some instances, it can be installed with only a single reference line (e.g., chalk line). Additionally, the bases are configured to be stackable for inexpensive storage and distribution.
Claims 1. A solar panel mounting system, comprising: a front base comprising a bottom surface and a top surface, wherein the top surface receives a ballast, wherein the front base further comprises an upwardly extending first pair of posts integrally affixed to one side of the front base; at least one middle base comprising a bottom surface and a top surface, wherein the top surface receives a ballast, wherein the at least one middle base further comprises an upwardly extending first pair of posts integrally affixed to one side of the at least one middle base and upwardly extending second pair of posts integrally affixed to the other side opposite said one side of the at least one middle base; a back base comprising a bottom surface and a top surface, wherein the top surface receives a ballast, wherein the back base further has an upwardly extending second pair posts integrally affixed to one side of the back base, wherein each of the second pair of posts of the at least one middle base and the back base are longer than each of the first pair of posts of the front base and the back base by a predetermined distance; a first pair of support bars, wherein the first pair of support bars is of a predetermined length and is attached at a first end location to a top end of the first pair of posts of the front base and attached at a second end location to a top end of the second pair of posts of the at least one middle base; a second pair of support bars of said predetermined length attached at a first end location to a top end of the first pair of posts of the at least one middle base and attached at a second end location to a top end of the second pair of posts of the back base; wherein the predetermined length and the predetermined distance are selected to position the rails at a predetermined angle. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the at least one middle base comprises two or more middle bases, wherein the first pair of support bars are attached to a top end of the second pair of posts of the two or more middle bases and the second pair of support bars are attached to a top end of a first pair of posts of the two or more middle bases. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one support bar of the first pair of support bars and at least one support bar of the second pair of support bars support a first solar panel and a second solar panel respectively. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the at least one support bar of the first pair of support bars comprises at least one fastener to fasten the first solar panel and the at least one support bar of the second pair of support bars comprises at least one fastener to fasten the second solar panel. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein each of the front base, the at least one middle base and back base comprises a generally vertical perimeter wall surrounding the top surface of the each said base, wherein the top surface and the perimeter wall define a receptacle into which the ballast is received. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the first pair of posts of each of the front base and the at least one middle base and the second pair of posts of each of the back base and the at least one middle base are attached to the outer perimeter. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the system does not require fastening a part of the system to another part that is generally below the top end of the first pair of posts of the front base and the at least one middle base. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the front base is placed directly under the first pair of support bars and the back base is directly under the second pair of support bars. 9. A solar panel mounting kit, comprising: a front base having a bottom surface and a top surface, wherein the top surface is configured to receive a ballast, wherein the front base further comprises an upwardly extending first pair of posts integrally affixed to one side of the front base; at least one middle base comprising a bottom surface and a top surface, wherein the top surface is configured to receive a ballast wherein the at least one middle base further comprises an upwardly extending first pair of posts integrally affixed to one side of the at least one middle base and upwardly extending second pair of posts integrally affixed to the other side opposite said one side of the at least one middle base; a back base comprising a bottom surface and a top surface, wherein the top surface is configured to receive a ballast, wherein the back base further has an upwardly extending second pair posts integrally affixed to one side of the back base, wherein each of the second pair of posts of the at lease one middle base and the back base are longer than each of the first pair of posts of the front base and the at least one middle base by a predetermined distance; a first pair of support bars of a predetermined length configured to be attached at a first end location of the first pair of support bars to a top end of the first pair of posts of the front base and attached at a second end location of the first pair of support bars to a top end of the second pair of posts of the at least one middle base; a second pair of support bars of said predetermined length configured to be attached at a first end location of the second pair of support bars to a top end of the first pair of posts of the at least one middle base and attached at a second end location of the second pair of support bars to a top end of the second pair of posts of the back base; wherein the predetermined length and the predetermined distance are selected to position the rails at a predetermined angle. 10. The kit of claim 9, wherein each of the front base, the at least one middle base and the back base comprises at least one orifice configured to drain water from the base. 11. The kit of claim 9, wherein the first support bars and second support bars are U-shaped and are configured to receive the first pair of posts and the second pair of posts into the U-shaped channel. 12. The kit of claim 9, further comprising assembly instructions to place the front base beneath the first support bars and the back base beneath the second support bars. 13. The kit of claim 9, wherein the one or more middle bases comprises at least a first middle base and a second middle base, wherein the first middle base is generally configured to be stacked on the second middle base such that the second middle base fits between the respective first pair of posts and second pair of posts of the first middle base and the first pair of posts and the second pair of posts of the second middle base abut against the respective first pair of posts and the second pair of posts of the first middle base before the kit is assembled. 14. A solar panel mounting system, comprising: a first row of a plurality of generally horizontal first bases; a second row of a plurality of generally horizontal second bases; a third row of a plurality of generally horizontal third bases; wherein each of the first bases, second bases and third bases have a short pair of upwardly extending posts affixed to one side of the base and a long pair of upwardly extending posts affixed to the other side, and wherein each of the first bases, second bases and third bases are generally configured to be stacked on top of other of the first bases, second bases and third bases, such that the each of the bases abut against the other of the bases and the respective short pair of posts and the long pair posts of each of the bases fit offset from and adjacent to the respective short pair and long pair of the other of the bases; a one row of frames supportably affixed to solar panels, the first row of frames have a front side and a back side; wherein the front side of the one row of frames is affixed to and supported by the short pair of posts of the first row of a plurality of generally horizontal first bases, and wherein the back side of the one row of frames is affixed to and supported by the long pairs of the second row of second bases; a back row of frames supportably affixed to solar panels, the back row of frames have a front side and a back side; wherein the front side of the back row of frames is affixed to and supported by the short pair of posts of the second row of a plurality of generally horizontal second bases, and wherein the back side of the back row of frames is affixed to and supported by the long pair of posts of the third row of a plurality of generally horizontal second bases, wherein the third base is positioned directly beneath the back row of frames. 15. An apparatus for securing a solar panel to a support, the apparatus comprising: a clamping bracket having a passage and a lip configured to receive a solar panel under the lip; a cam actuated clamping mechanism having a cam press on the first end of a cam bolt and a nut on the other end of the cam bolt, the cam actuated clamping mechanism rotates the cam press from a first position to a second position that biases the clamping bracket against to support to clamp a solar panel there between. 16. The apparatus of claim 41, wherein the cam press is actuated from the first position to the second position by moving a cam lever and wherein the support further comprises a lock slot into which the cam lever can be moved to prevent movement of the cam press from the second position. 