The present invention relates to a control device for controlling a direct current generated in a photovoltaic system. The control device is configured to alternately enable a current flow through the photovoltaic system for a first time interval and at least to reduce the current flow for a second time interval. The invention further relates to a photovoltaic system comprising such a control device as well as to a method for controlling a direct current generated in a photovoltaic system.
Claims 1. A control device for controlling a direct current generated in a photovoltaic system, wherein the control device is configured to alternately enable a current flow through the photovoltaic system for a first time interval and at least to reduce the current flow for a second time interval, and wherein the first time interval exceeds the second time interval. 2. The control device according to claim 1, wherein the first time interval is in the seconds range, and wherein the second time interval is in the milliseconds range. 3. The control device according to claim 1, wherein the first time interval or the second time interval or the first and second time interval depend on at least one of the following parameters: maximum voltage value of the direct voltage generatable by the photovoltaic system; and maximum current strength of the direct current generatable by the photovoltaic system. 4. The control device according to claim 1, wherein the control device is configured to detect at least one measuring value depending on an output of the photovoltaic system, and wherein the first time interval or the second time interval or the first and second time interval depend on the at least one measuring value. 5. The control device according to claim 4, wherein the at least one measuring value is one of the following values: voltage value of the direct voltage generated by the photovoltaic system; and current strength of the direct current generated by the photovoltaic system. 6. The control device according to claim 1, wherein the control device is configured as a separate component which is capable of being integrated in the photovoltaic system. 7. The control device according to claim 1, wherein the control device is integrated in an inverter or in a direct voltage regulator of the photovoltaic system. 8. A photovoltaic system comprising a control device for controlling a direct current generated in the photovoltaic system, wherein the control device is configured to alternately enable a current flow through the photovoltaic system for a first time interval and at least to reduce the current flow for a second time interval, and wherein the first time interval exceeds the second time interval. 9. The photovoltaic system according to claim 8, wherein the first time interval is in the seconds range, and wherein the second time interval is in the milliseconds range. 10. The photovoltaic system according to claim 8, wherein the first time interval or the second time interval or the first and second time interval depend on at least one of the following parameters: maximum voltage value of the direct voltage generatable by the photovoltaic system; and maximum current strength of the direct current generatable by the photovoltaic system. 11. The photovoltaic system according to claim 8, wherein the control device is configured to detect at least one measuring value depending on an output of the photovoltaic system, and wherein the first time interval or the second time interval or the first and second time interval depend on the at least one measuring value. 12. The photovoltaic system according to claim 11, wherein the at least one measuring value is one of the following values: voltage value of the direct voltage generated by the photovoltaic system; and current strength of the direct current generated by the photovoltaic system. 13. The photovoltaic system according to claim 8, wherein the control device is one of: a separate component which is integrated in the photovoltaic system; or an integrated component of an inverter or of a direct voltage regulator of the photovoltaic system. 14. A method for controlling a direct current generated in a photovoltaic system, wherein in an alternate manner, a current flow through the photovoltaic system is enabled for a first time interval and the current flow is at least reduced for a second time interval, and wherein the first time interval exceeds the second time interval. 15. The method according to claim 14, wherein the first time interval is in the seconds range, and wherein the second time interval is in the milliseconds range. 16. The method according to claim 14, wherein the first time interval or the second time interval or the first and second time interval depend on at least one of the following parameters: maximum voltage value of the direct voltage generatable by the photovoltaic system; and maximum current strength of the direct current generatable by the photovoltaic system. 17. The method according to claim 14, wherein at least one measuring value depending on an output of the photovoltaic system is detected, and wherein the first time interval or the second time interval or the first and second time interval depend on the at least one measuring value. 18. The method according to claim 17, wherein the at least one measuring value is one of the following values: voltage value of the direct voltage generated by the photovoltaic system; and current strength of the direct current generated by the photovoltaic system. 19. The method according to claim 17, wherein at least one of the following steps is carried out in case the measuring value increases: reducing the first time interval; and increasing the second time interval. 