An isolation mount comprises a hollow wedge shaped shell having an upper sloped surface and at least three sidewalls extending therefrom to join a surrounding flange. The wedge shaped shell is thermoformed from a rigid plastic material. The upper sloped surface may include stiffening ribs and the shell may include a ballast recess adapted to contain roofing ballast. The inner perimeter portion of a skirt membrane is secured to the surrounding flange and an outer perimeter portion of the skirt extends away from the surrounding flange and is securable to a surface. The inner perimeter portion may be sealed to the surrounding flange. The inner perimeter portion defines a skirt membrane opening leading into a hollow region of the shell such that multiple isolation mounts may be stacked together.
Claims 1. An isolation mount, comprising: a hollow shell having an upper surface and at least three sidewalls extending therefrom to join a surrounding flange; and a skirt membrane having an inner perimeter portion secured to the surrounding flange and an outer perimeter portion extending away from the surrounding flange, wherein the inner perimeter portion defines a skirt membrane opening into a hollow region of the shell such that multiple isolation mounts may be stacked together. 2. An isolation mount according to claim 1, wherein the hollow shell is wedge shaped and the upper surface is sloped. 3. An isolation mount according to claim 2, wherein the inner perimeter portion is sealed to the surrounding flange. 4. An isolation mount according to claim 2, wherein the skirt membrane opening is congruent with the hollow region. 5. An isolation mount according to claim 2, wherein the upper sloped surface includes stiffening ribs. 6. An isolation mount according to claim 2, wherein the wedge shaped shell is thermoformed from a rigid plastic material. 7. An isolation mount according to claim 2, wherein the shell includes a ballast recess adapted to contain roofing ballast. 8. An isolation mount according to claim 2, configured to stack on another isolation mount. 9. An isolation mount according to claim 2, wherein the shell includes at least one cricket formation. 10. A photovoltaic module for use on the roof of a building, comprising: an isolation mount, including: a wedge shaped hollow shell having an upper sloped surface and at least three sidewalls extending therefrom to join a surrounding flange; and a skirt membrane having an inner perimeter portion secured to the surrounding flange and an outer perimeter portion extending away from the surrounding flange; and at least one photovoltaic cell secured to the isolation mount. 11. A photovoltaic module according to claim 10, including a plurality of isolation mounts secured to the skirt membrane. 12. A photovoltaic module according to claim 11, wherein the isolation mounts are arranged in an array. 13. A photovoltaic module according to claim 11, wherein at least one photovoltaic cell is secured to a plurality of isolation mounts. 14. A photovoltaic module according to claim 10, wherein the photovoltaic module is adhered to the isolation mount. 15. A photovoltaic module according to claim 10 including a plurality of connectors supported by the isolation mount and wherein the photovoltaic cell is secured by the connectors. 16. A photovoltaic module according to claim 10, wherein the inner perimeter portion is sealed to the surrounding flange. 17. A photovoltaic module according to claim 10, wherein the inner perimeter portion defines a skirt membrane opening into a hollow region of the shell. 18. A photovoltaic module according to claim 10, wherein the upper sloped surface includes stiffening ribs. 19. A photovoltaic module according to claim 10, wherein the wedge shaped shell is thermoformed from a rigid plastic material. 20. A photovoltaic module according to claim 10, wherein the shell includes a ballast recess adapted to contain roofing ballast. 21. A method for deploying a photovoltaic system on a surface, the method comprising: pre-assembling a plurality of isolation mounts, each isolation mount including: a wedge shaped shell having an upper sloped surface and at least three sidewalls extending therefrom to join a surrounding flange; and a skirt membrane having an inner perimeter portion secured to the surrounding flange and an outer perimeter portion extending away from the surrounding flange, wherein the inner perimeter portion defines a skirt membrane opening into a hollow region of the shell such that multiple isolation mounts may be stacked together; stacking the plurality of isolation mounts together; transporting the isolation mounts to the surface; unstacking the isolation mounts; securing the skirts to the surface; and mounting at least one photovoltaic cell to at least one of the isolation mounts. 22. The method according to claim 21, wherein each shell includes a ballast recess and including filling the ballast recesses with roofing ballast. 23. The method according to claim 21, including arranging the isolation mounts in an array. 24. The method according to claim 21, including thermoforming the shells from a rigid plastic material. 