A system of mounting a plurality of arrays of photovoltaic devices includes a plurality of columns, a first array of photovoltaic devices arranged on a first platform, and a second array of photovoltaic devices arranged on a second platform. An upper edge of the first platform and an upper edge of the second platform are horizontally spaced-apart and each are vertically spaced-apart from the ground surface. A lower edge of the first platform and a lower edge of the second platform are horizontally spaced-apart and each is vertically spaced-apart from the ground surface. The second array of photovoltaic devices is arranged on the second platform a predetermined distance from the lower edge thereof which corresponds to a level of shading caused by the sun impacting the upper edge of the first platform to provide a maintenance area to access the second array of photovoltaic devices.
Claims 1. A system for supporting a plurality of arrays of photovoltaic devices at an angle above a ground surface, the system comprising: a plurality of horizontally spaced-apart columns extending upwardly and generally perpendicularly to a ground surface; a first array of photovoltaic devices arranged on a first platform supported vertically above the ground surface by at least four of the columns at an angle between two and twenty degrees with respect to the ground surface, the first platform having a lower edge and an opposing upper edge; a second array of photovoltaic devices arranged on a second platform supported vertically above the ground surface at an angle between two and twenty degrees with respect to the ground surface by at least two of the columns supporting the first platform and at least two other columns, the second platform having a lower edge and an opposing upper edge, the upper edge of the first platform and the upper edge of the second platform being horizontally spaced-apart and each being vertically spaced-apart from the ground surface at a first distance, the lower edge of the first platform and the lower edge of the second platform being horizontally spaced-apart and each being vertically spaced-apart from the ground surface at a second distance, the first distance being greater than the second distance, the second array of photovoltaic devices being arranged on the second platform a predetermined distance from the lower edge thereof which corresponds to a level of shading caused by the sun impacting the upper edge of the first platform to provide a first maintenance area to access at least the second array of photovoltaic devices. 2. The system according to claim 1, wherein the first maintenance area of the second platform extends horizontally from a first side edge of the second platform to an opposing second side edge of the second platform. 3. The system for according to claim 1, further comprising: a third array of photovoltaic devices arranged on a third platform supported at an angle between two and twenty degrees with respect to the ground surface vertically above the ground surface by the two columns directly supporting the second platform and at least two other columns, the third platform having a lower edge and an upper edge, the upper edge of the third platform being horizontally spaced apart from the upper edge of each of the first and second platforms, the upper edge of the third platform being vertically spaced-apart from the ground surface at the first distance, the lower edge of the third platform being vertically spaced-apart from the ground surface at the second distance, the third array of photovoltaic devices being arranged on the third platform a predetermined distance from the lower edge thereof which corresponds to a level of shading caused by the sun impacting the upper edge of the second platform to provide a second maintenance area to access the third array of photovoltaic devices. 4. The system according to claim 3, wherein the first maintenance area extends horizontally from a first side edge of the second platform to an opposing second side edge of the second platform and the second maintenance area extends horizontally from a first side edge of the third platform to an opposing second side edge of the third platform. 5. The system according to claim 1, wherein at least two adjacent columns of the plurality of columns are horizontally spaced-apart at a sufficient distance to accommodate an automobile therethrough. 6. The system according to claim 1, wherein the angle of the first array of photovoltaic devices and the positioning of the first platform with respect to the second platform minimizes the first platform from blocking photons from the second array of photovoltaic devices. 7. The system according to claim 1, further comprising: a vertically-extending first opening formed between the upper edge of the first platform and the lower edge of the second platform to permit airflow between the respective arrays of photovoltaic devices. 8. The system according to claim 3, further comprising: a vertically-extending second opening formed between the upper edge of the second platform and the lower edge of the third platform to permit airflow between the respective arrays of photovoltaic devices. 9. The system according to claim 8, further comprising: a gutter positioned along a lower edge of the second platform; and a gutter positioned along a lower edge of the third platform. 10. The system according to claim 1, wherein the angle of each platform is between five and fifteen degrees. 11. The system according to claim 1, wherein the platforms and columns are arranged such that photovoltaic devices of each array face substantially due south. 12. The system according to claim 1, further comprising: a plurality of beams supported above the ground surface by the plurality of columns supporting the first platform, at least some of the plurality of beams extending generally perpendicularly to each of the plurality of columns supporting the first platform; and a plurality of bars supported by the plurality of columns and extending perpendicularly to at least some of the plurality of beams. 13. The system according to claim 1, wherein the first and second arrays of photovoltaic devices extend generally parallel to the first and second platforms, respectively, and wherein the first and second arrays of photovoltaic devices are spaced-apart vertically from the first and second platforms, respectively, a predetermined distance such that a gap is located therebetween. 14. A system for mounting one or more arrays of photovoltaic devices to a support structure above a ground surface, the system comprising: a support structure including: a plurality of spaced-apart columns extending generally perpendicularly to a plane defined by a ground surface; a plurality of first beams supported above the ground surface by the plurality of columns, the plurality of first beams extending at an angle of less than ninety degrees and greater than zero degrees with respect to the plane defined by the ground surface; a platform supported above the ground surface by the plurality of first beams, the platform generally covering the ground surface between the plurality of columns; a rail extending upwardly from the platform generally opposite to the plurality of first beams, the rail having a first end proximate the platform and an opposing second end; and a first fastener extending through at least a portion of the first end of the rail and the platform and into at least a portion of one of the plurality of first beams; at least one array of photovoltaic devices; and a base attached to a bottom surface of each array of photovoltaic devices, wherein a second fastener extends through the base and engages a portion of the second end of the rail to mount the array to the platform. 15. The system according to claim 14, further comprising: a washer positioned between a head of the second fastener and a top surface of the base; and a nut including a groove therein, at least a portion of the second end of the rail extending into at least a portion of the groove of the nut. 16. The system according to claim 14, wherein the platform is corrugated, and wherein a bottom surface of the base is spaced-apart a predetermined distance from a top surface of the platform to promote airflow between the base and the platform. 17. The system according to claim 14, wherein a top surface of the array is angled between two and twenty degrees with respect to the plane defined by the ground surface, and wherein the top surface of the array faces substantially due south. 18. The system according to claim 14, further comprising: a gutter positioned along a lower edge of the platform. 