This invention provides a novel design of a rooftop with structurally and functionally integrated photovoltaic modules that includes photovoltaic modules, which can be commercially available and which are augmented with additional framing including additional structural and functional layers. The modules are mounted on a grid like supporting structure sitting on vertical elevation structures, such as building walls or columns. The design enables cost reduction, fast installation and improved performance of rooftops with photovoltaic power.
Claims 1. A method for constructing rooftops with structurally and functionally integrated photovoltaic modules comprising the steps of: providing a grid-like structure of interconnected beams and mounting rails sitting on vertical elevation structures; and mounting in the grid-like structure photovoltaic modules augmented with additional structural and functional layers. 2. The method as set forth in claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic modules are adapted from commercially available photovoltaic panels. 3. The method as set forth in claim 1 further comprising mounting the photovoltaic modules on mated frames with at least one of brackets and hinges. 4. The method as set forth in claim 1 wherein the vertical elevation structure is supported by at least one of walls and columns. 5. The method as set forth in claim 1 wherein the additional structural and functional layers include insulating and supporting layers. 6. The method as set forth in claim 1 further comprising arranging members of the grid-like structure in parallel to slidably receive, capture and retain the photovoltaic modules between respective pairs of the members. 7. The method as set forth in claim 6 wherein the members include slots sized and arranged to receive edges of the panels and the layers. 8. The method as set forth in claim 1 further comprising arranging members of the grid-like structure in parallel to slidably receive, capture and retain mated frames where photovoltaic modules are mounted. 9. The method as set forth in claim 8 wherein the members include slots sized and arranged to receive edges of the mated frames and the layers. 10. An integrated photovoltaic roofing system comprising: a photovoltaic module, a lateral frame, a frontal frame and a plurality of layers with structural and functional properties. 11. The system as set forth in claim 10 wherein the layers include insulating and supporting layers. 12. The system as set forth in claim 11 wherein each of the lateral frame and the frontal frame are secured in a grid-like structure of in parallel and are constructed and arranged to slidably receive, capture and retain the photovoltaic module within parallel members of the grid-like structure. 13. The system as set forth in claim 12 wherein the members include respective slots sized and arranged to receive edges of the photovoltaic module and the layers. 14. The system as set forth in claim 13 wherein at least some of the members are constructed from a metal extrusion. 15. An integrated photovoltaic roofing system comprising: a photovoltaic module, a mated frame and a plurality of layers with structural and functional properties. 16. The system as set forth in claim 15 wherein the layers include insulating and supporting layers. 17. The system as set forth in claim 16 wherein the mated frame and the module are secured to a plurality of parallel members defining slots for receiving the mated frame and the module, the members being constructed and arranged to define a roof structure supported by vertical supporting structures. 18. A dedicated mounting arrangement for photovoltaic modules on a roof comprising: a mounting rail that engages and supports the photovoltaic modules; and a corresponding retaining fixture that retains the modules with respect to the mounting rail. 19. The arrangement as set forth in claim 18 wherein the mounting rail defines one of a plurality of parallel mounting rails arranged to define a roofing structure supported by vertical supporting structures of a building. 20. The arrangement as set forth in claim 19 wherein the mounting rail is constructed and arranged to engage and support a plurality of structural and functional layers. 