Systems, methods, and apparatus for maintaining stable conditions within a power grid are provided. A local device that includes one or more computer processors may identify one or more power sources associated with a structure. The local device may additionally monitor one or more parameters associated with a power grid configured to supply power to the structure. Based at least in part on the monitoring, the local device may identify a power grid fluctuation. Based at least in part on the identification of the power grid fluctuation, the local device may adjust operation of at least one power source included in the one or more identified power sources.
Claims 1. A method comprising: identifying, by a local device comprising one or more computer processors, one or more power sources associated with a structure; monitoring, by the local device, one or more parameters associated with a power grid configured to supply power to the structure; identifying, by the local device based at least in part on the monitoring, a power grid fluctuation; and adjusting, by the local device based at least in part on the identification of the power grid fluctuation, operation of at least one power source included in the one or more identified power sources. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein identifying one or more power sources comprises identifying at least one of (i) a photovoltaic cell, (ii) a wind turbine, or (iii) a battery. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein monitoring one or more parameters associated with a power grid comprises monitoring at least one of (i) a frequency parameter, (ii) a voltage parameter, (iii) a power parameter, or (iv) a reactive power parameter. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein identifying a power grid fluctuation comprises determining that a value of at least one of the one or more monitored parameters fails to satisfy at least one threshold value, and wherein adjusting operation of at least one power source comprises adjusting operation of the at least one power source in order to maintain power grid stability. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein adjusting operation of at least one power source comprises supplying power from the at least one power source to the power grid. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising: adjusting, by the local device based at least in part on the identification of the power grid fluctuation, an amount of power supplied to at least one electrical load associated with the structure. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising: identifying, by the local device, one or more pricing parameters associated with power obtained from the power grid, wherein adjusting operation of at least one power source comprises adjusting operation of the at least one power source based at least in part on the one or more pricing parameters. 8. The method of claim 7, further comprising: directing, by the local device, a sale of power supplied by the at least one power source to the power grid. 9. The method of claim 1, further comprising: identifying, by the local device, another local device associated with another structure; and identifying, by the local device based at least in part upon communication with the other local device, one or more additional power sources associated with the other structure; and directing, by the local device based at least in part on the identification of the power grid fluctuation, operation of at least one of the one or more additional power sources. 10. The method of claim 1, further comprising: identifying, by the local device, another local device associated with another structure; determining, by the local device based at least in part upon communication with the other local device, a power supply capability and a power demand associated with a plurality of structures comprising the structure and the other structure; and controlling, by the local device based upon the determined power supply capability and the determined power demand, operation of at least one of (i) the at least one power source, (ii) one or more additional power sources associated with the other structure, (iii) one or more electrical loads associated with the structure, or (iv) one or more electrical loads associated with the other structure. 11. A system, comprising: at least one communications interface configured to facilitate communication with one or more power sources associated with a structure; at least one measurement device configured to monitor one or more parameters associated with a power grid configured to supply power to the structure; and at least one processor configured to (i) identify the one or more power sources, (ii) receive monitoring data from the at least one measurement device, (iii) identify, based at least in part on the received monitoring data, a power grid fluctuation, and (iv) direct, based at least in part on the identification of the power grid fluctuation, operation of at least one power source included in the one or more identified power sources. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the system comprises at least one power meter. 13. The system of claim 11, wherein the one or more power sources comprise at least one of (i) a photovoltaic cell, (ii) a wind turbine, or (iii) a battery. 14. The system of claim 11, wherein the one or more parameters associated with a power grid comprise at least one of (i) a frequency parameter, (ii) a voltage parameter, (iii) a power parameter, or (iv) a reactive power parameter. 15. The system of claim 11, wherein: the at least one processor is configured to identify the power grid fluctuation based at least in part on a determination that a value of at least one of the one or more parameters fails to satisfy at least one threshold value, and the at least one processor is configured to direct operation of the at least one power source in order to maintain power grid stability. 16. The system of claim 11, wherein the at least one processor is configured to direct operation of at least one power source by directing the at least one power source to supply power to the power grid. 17. The system of claim 11, wherein the at least one processor is further configured to direct, based at least in part on the identification of the power grid fluctuation, adjustment of an amount of power supplied to at least one electrical load associated with the structure. 18. The system of claim 11, wherein the at least one processor is further configured to (i) identify one or more pricing parameters associated with power obtained from the power grid, and (ii) direct operation of the at least one power source based at least in part on the one or more pricing parameters. 19. The system of claim 11, wherein: the at least one communications interface is further configured to communicate with a control device associated with another structure; and the at least one processor is further configured to (i) identify, based at least in part upon the communication with the control device, one or more additional power sources associated with the other structure, and (ii) direct, based at least in part on the identification of the power grid fluctuation, operation of at least one of the one or more additional power sources. 20. The system of claim 11, wherein: the at least one communications interface is further configured to communicate with a control device associated with another structure; and the at least one processor is further configured to (i) determine, based at least in part upon communication with the control device, a power supply capability and a power demand associated with a plurality of structures comprising the structure and the other structure, and (ii) direct, based upon the determined power supply capability and the determined power demand, operation of at least one of (a) the at least one power source, (b) one or more additional power sources associated with the other structure, (c) one or more electrical loads associated with the structure, or (d) one or more electrical loads associated with the other structure. 