An array of photovoltaic cells are arranged as a matrix. A plurality of interconnections are arranged between the photovoltaic cells, the interconnections being switchably addressable to form serial or parallel connection arrangements.
Claims 1. An apparatus for configuring photovoltaic cells, the apparatus comprising: an array of photovoltaic cells arranged as a matrix; and a plurality of interconnections arranged between the photovoltaic cells, the interconnections being switchably addressable to form serial or parallel connection arrangements. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the interconnections are switchable such that the serial or parallel connection arrangements can be altered post-production. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the interconnections are switchable such that the serial or parallel connection arrangements can be altered in an outdoor operating environment. 4. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein voltage arising from the array is tuned by switching a number of the interconnections of the photovoltaic cells in series. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein voltage arising from the array is tuned by switching a number of the interconnections of the photovoltaic cells in parallel. 6. The apparatus according to claim 4, wherein voltage is tuned to optimize electronic performance of an inverter component downstream from the array. 7. The apparatus according to claim 5, wherein the voltage is tuned to optimize electronic performance of an inverter component downstream from the array. 8. The apparatus according to claim 6, wherein the electronic performance is measured by AC to DC conversion efficiency. 9. The apparatus according to claim 7, wherein the electronic performance is measured by AC to DC conversion efficiency. 10. The apparatus according to claim 5, wherein the number of photovoltaic cells interconnected in parallel is switched using a switch selected from the group consisting of: a dip switch; a mechanical, electrical, or sold-state switch; a programmable logic controller; a programmable logic relay; or any combination of one or more switches of the group. 11. The apparatus according to claim 6, wherein the number of photovoltaic cells interconnected in parallel is switched using a switch selected from the group consisting of: a dip switch; a mechanical, electrical, or sold-state switch; a programmable logic controller; a programmable logic relay; or any combination of one or more switches of the group. 12. A method for configuring photovoltaic cells, the photovoltaic cells arranged in a matrix forming an array of a solar power system, wherein a plurality of photovoltaic cells are addressable by one or more interconnections that switchably connect the photovoltaic cells to form serial or parallel connection arrangements, the method comprising the steps of: tuning the voltage arising from the matrix by switchably selecting one or more of the interconnections to arrange a number of photovoltaic cells in a parallel connection arrangement; and switching one or more of the interconnections over time to optimize a performance ratio of the solar power system, wherein the array is contained within a solar panel and the solar power system is comprised of a string of solar panels that are similar to the solar panel. 13. A method for configuring photovoltaic cells, the photovoltaic cells arranged in a matrix forming an array of a solar power system, wherein a plurality of photovoltaic cells are addressable by one or more interconnections that switchably connect the photovoltaic cells to form serial or parallel connection arrangements, the method comprising the steps of: tuning the voltage arising from the matrix by switchably selecting one or more of the interconnections to arrange a number of photovoltaic cells in a series connection arrangement; wherein the voltage is tuned to optimize the electronic performance of an inverter component downstream from the matrix addressable array; and switching one or more of the interconnections over time to optimize the performance ratio of the solar power system, wherein the matrix-addressable array is contained within a solar panel and the solar power system is comprised of a string of solar panels, that are similar to the solar panel. 14. The method according to claim 12, wherein the step of switching counteracts performance degradation of the solar power system as the solar power system ages. 15. The method according to claim 13, wherein the step of switching counteracts performance degradation the solar power system as the solar power system ages. 16. The method according to claim 12, wherein the step of switching counteracts loss of performance of the solar power system as the solar power system is exposed to a range of times of day or seasons or operating temperatures. 17. The method according to claim 13, wherein the step of switching counteracts loss of performance of the solar power system as the solar power system is exposed to a range of times of day or seasons or operating temperatures. 18. The method of claim 12, wherein the step of switching tunes a voltage onset of a solar power system to an inverter for the solar power system. 19. The method according to claim 13, wherein the step of switching tunes a voltage onset of the solar power system to an inverter for the solar power system. 20. The method according to claim 12, wherein the photovoltaic cells or switching wiring incorporates wires that are coated with insulating material; and further comprising the step of arranging the wires between photovoltaic cell strings in a panel, wherein the geometric position of the wires is arranged such that they physically block contact between cell strings whose contraction and expansion over time leads to potential shorts at places where cells in neighboring rows make electrical contact. 21. The method according to claim 13, wherein the photovoltaic cells or switching wiring incorporates wires that are coated with insulating material; and further comprising the step of arranging the wires between photovoltaic cell strings in a panel, wherein the geometric position of the wires is arranged such that they physically block contact between cell strings whose contraction and expansion over time leads to potential shorts at places where cells in neighboring rows make electrical contact. 